
                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday

Economy Without Fuel Subsidy - Matters Arising [analysis]

BYLINE: Udeme Clement

LENGTH: 1037 words


There is no doubt that the sudden removal of the controversial fuel subsidy in
the beginning of the first quarter of 2012, after years of debates on the issue
and corruption surrounding the subsidy, is unsettling to most Nigerians. The
removal, which commenced by January 1 when most people were still in the mood of
celebration for the new year, has created so much tension in the system.

While the Federal Government emphasised that subsidy must be jettisoned to pave
the way for tangible economic growth and development, Labour said government
must fulfil certain conditions in terms of infrastructure development and
provision of public goods to prevent poverty that has already taken its toll on
the people.

When Sunday Business visited petrol stations within Lagos and Ogun states, it
was observed that some retail outlets were not dispensing the petrol at all,
while others sold for between N150 and N145 per litre, as against the initial
pump price of N65. Only NNPC service outlets sold a little below N145. There
were discrepancies in the system. For instance, the NNPC service station at
Oregun dispensed for N138 per litre with long queues from the station premises
to the major road.

Outlets of African Petroleum (AP) along Ikorodu Road sold for N145, while some
AP outlets along Oshodi Apapa Road dispensed for N150. Total, Oando, Mobil
outlets in Lagos sold for N140. MRS outlets in Akute and Olambe areas of Ifo
local government area of Ogun State sold for N150 per litre. Most NIPCO stations
visited were closed. Most filling stations within Surulere were not selling at
all. Also some smaller outlets in Akute dispensed at N160 with additional N5 per
litre for those buying into Jerrycan.

Also, the multiplier effect is biting hard in the transport sector as fares
doubled. For instance, a distance from Oshodi to Apapa, formerly N150 now goes
for N300, from Ojota to Ojeulagba previously N100 now goes for between N200 and
N250 depending on the size of the vehicle, from Ikorodu to Ojota formerly N100
now goes for N200 and from Oshodi to Sango, formerly N150 now goes for N300 and
above.

The issue of subsidy removal took a new dimension in December last year when
President Goodluck Jonathan presented budget 2012 to the National Assembly
without allocation for subsidy. Prior to the presentation of the budget,
government suggested that petrol may be sold for N120 per litre from January 1,
2012 as against N65 per litre, but later moved the date to April 1, due to
opposition from the people.

Statistics show that, in 2009, government spent about N1.5 trillion on subsidy
on petroleum products. This implies that what government pays on petrol subsidy
alone every year is about N700 billion and when other petroleum products are
added, it amounts to N1.5 trillion, which is almost like a capital budget for
the economy.

In 2011, the amount spent on subsidy was estimated at N3.4 trillion. It was
further revealed that the money paid on subsidy went into wrong hands and the
impression that the masses as well as oil marketers benefited from the money was
errorneous, even as some stakeholders advised that the money be channelled into
local production to increase local capacity utilisation in the petroleum sector
of the economy.

Accordingly, Labour maintained that instant abolition of subsidy with low
purchasing power of the masses, high level of poverty and prevalent unemployment
in the country may cause confusion in the system.

It was suggested that government should first develop infrastructure, after
which a systematic approach may be adopted in abolishing the subsidy and the
money be re-directed into local production, so that more refineries can be built
to boost production capacity to meet demands in the country. Stakeholders spoke
on the issue of the fuel subsidy removal.

Labour must continue to protect the interest of workers-President, Nigerian
Labour Congress (NLC)-Comrade Abdulwaheed: "Our duty in NLC is to protect the
interest of workers and that is what we must continue to do. We are still
discussing with relevant stakeholders in the sector and will continue to fight
on the side of the masses.

The masses deserve better treatment from government and not policies that will
further impoverish them. We are opposed to subsidy removal and no amount of
intimidation will deter Nigerians from reclaiming their country.

Government earlier invited Labour to a follow-up discussion on the issue of fuel
subsidy removal only for it to abort the process by removing the subsidy
suddenly. Also, government said it was consulting with Nigerians and relevant
stakeholders on the issue of subsidy only for it to announce a new fuel price.

Government also said that if the subsidy is to be removed, it will take effect
from April 1, 2012 only for it to carry out same on January 1, 2012. We will
issue a clear directive on the date and how a nationwide strikes and mass
rallies will be carried out.

Government has failed Nigerians on subsidy removal-South-West chairman, National
Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers (NUPENG), Alhaji Tokunbo Korodo: The
sudden removal of fuel subsidy without proper agreement with the people and
labour shows that government had failed Nigerians. We must see the action of
government as a battle against all Nigerians and not labour alone. We are not in
support of removal of subsidy with the level of poverty in the country and our
opposition remained unchanged.

Subsidy removal is unacceptable- Chairman, Petroleum Tanker Drivers (PTD) in
Lagos , Comrade Mudashiru Ayinde Azeez: Our position is the position of NLC and
NUPENG. We gave government conditions and government should endeavour to meet
those conditions before subsidy removal. Why should government remove subsidy
with the state of bad roads in the country? We will comply with the directive
from NLC and will withdraw our vehicles from the roads if government refuses to
listen to the people.

Subsidy removal is uncalled for and we will not accept it in any form. Our roads
are bad and the people are already facing untold hardship and the government is
not doing anything to alleviate their sufferings. We must join hands with NLC
and other Nigerians to resist the action of government on subsidy.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday

Anguilla: OECS Trade officers hold urgent talks in Castries on preparing for
withdrawal of government subsidies for export

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: The Valley


The Valley, May 19 -- The Central Bank Of Anguilla has issued Following Press
Release:

Experts say government subsidies for export have been used to attract foreign
investment and help tremendously in employing thousands of people throughout the
OECS. However, based on a World Trade Orgainsation (WTO) agreement in 2007, OECS
Member States are obligated to remove the export subsidies from their
legislation as of 2015.

Despite the pending restrictions, there is some flexibility where OECS Member
States can continue to use subsidies after 2015 as long as these subsidies are
not based solely on exports. In addition, OECS Member States can also continue
to use subsidies to garner or maintain employment.

Natasha EdwinNatasha Edwin, Technical attach' at the OECS Secretariat's Geneva
Mission in Switzerland says her office will further assist OECS countries in
ensuring that reformed legislation regarding government subsidies does not
breech the WTO rules: 'Our role is to provide support and recommend the way
forward for Member States on issues like this one, so its precisely why we
decided to have consultations on this 2007 decision which stipulates that Member
States are to phase out export subsidies by 2015. In the discussions we
acknowledged the importance that Member States put toward continuing to provide
subsidies on attracting investment. However it is important to note that Member
States can continue to provide subsidies to investors, as long as these
subsidies are not contingent or based solely on exports. So while Member States
are indeed reforming the legislation they can ensure that the intentions that
they provide are not to export but rather they could link to the creation of
employment or even attracting investment at the regional level.'

The OECS Secretariat's Geneva Mission says governments are fully aware of the
penalties for breeching the WTO rules under the 2007 decision regarding
government subsidies for export: 'A member who is in breech is liable to
dispute. However, before entering into a full fledged dispute, that member can
enter into consultations to address the measures that are found to be in breech
of the legislation and so the member is provided with an opportunity to correct
the offending legislation.'- Natasha Edwin

Alicia Stephen of the OECS Secretariat's Trade Policy Unit OTPU says some Member
States have already started the process towards cushioning the impact expected
from the phasing out of export subsidies: For example by the end of this year
oneAlicia StephenMember State should have legislation in place that is
compatible with the WTO agreement on subsidies and countervailing measures.
Another Member State is also reviewing new legislation enacted four years ago to
ensure that there are no components of that legislation that grant export
subsidies. The remaining Member States are going to be part of a process where
we are reviewing the OECS model legislation and they will adopt that as far as
possible and incorporate it into any review of their fiscal incentives
legislation. We would like Member States to ensure that whatever revisions they
undertake really result in a regime that is even more attractive than what
exists now.'

Legislative reform, Investment Policy review and Information sharing are the
major components of an action plan designed by the OECS Trade Officials to
facilitate preparations for the removal of government subsidies for exports from
the legislation in OECS Member States by 2015 Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

Five Mystifying Things About the Fuel Subsidy Debate

BYLINE: Ayisha Osori

LENGTH: 1448 words


As we wait with sort of baited breath to see if petrol will continue to be
subsidized or not, as queues at fuel stations snake around our roads for miles,
obstructing traffic and raising aggression levels and as the debate and
consultations continue to rage, there are a few aspects of subsidy which remain
clouded in mystery, or for which there has been no satisfactory explanation.

Why don't we change the structure? Find the gaps, block them or revamp the
entire system to get rid of the avenues for manipulation? To do that, one would
have to understand the existing structure first. Sadly, the process is
convoluted and proper understanding would require a large drawing board with
lots of markers to draw arrows and links between the eight agencies involved in
a fifteen-step process. What is interesting about the structure is that despite
all the verification requirements, the system remains so ripe for abuse.
Allegedly one aspect of subsidy abuse is round tripping - this is where the same
cargo is 'sold' to NNPC more than once so that the importer of one million
liters of petrol will enjoy a subsidy payment for two or three million liters
worth. Another tactic is to divert the fuel which government has already
subsidized to a neighboring country and sell it there - thus reaping benefits
from two sides and shafting Nigerians. We would like to think that if man is now
on the moon - admittedly not due to Nigerian intellectual or technological
powers - we can create a subsidy system which is fairly abuse proof. Why are we
not hearing about feet hitting the pavement as sack letters fly through NNPC and
all its various subsidiaries and partners? Why are we not hearing about EFCC
going after some of the organisations which are guilty of round tripping and
cheating the federal government and the people of Nigeria?

Have we considered sourcing for funding from other avenues? For instance if over
70% of our annual budget goes on maintaining government - why don't we
drastically slash government's size and use that money for the fuel subsidy? The
proposed 2012 budget for security alone can cover our fuel subsidy for 2 years
but for arguments sake, the threat of Boko Haram and Niger Delta militants must
be well funded - if we roll up a few of our 42 ministerial fiefdoms we could
make up our fuel subsidy budget for at least a few years to give the
administration time to put certain critical structures in places such as mass
transport and rail.

Granted, the subsidy is not sustainable in the long term, but the government of
Nigeria has been wasteful for over 50 years and now that it wants to allegedly
adopt responsible fiscal management, it wants to start from the starving public
instead of trimming the fat from its ponderous protruding belly.

If the current state of the Nigerian economy is unsustainable and we are heading
for bankruptcy, why is the removal of the fuel subsidy the only solution? Why
aren't the federal, state and local governments restructuring to become more
efficient and to reduce waste and opportunity for corruption and fraud? As
Nigerians struggle into 2012 with lack of electricity (and the prospect of
increased tariffs), shortage of petroleum products (and the prospect of a long
siege and strike) and the reintroduction of road taxes, gamblers can safely bet
that it will be business as usual in our ministries, departments and agencies
with full personal and official benefits and perks even after the monetization
red herring of the Obasanjo era.

At least once a day, since the subsidy removal debate began, there is someone
somewhere who says through the media 'they say a cabal is benefitting from the
fuel subsidy - let them name the cabal'. Several things are simultaneously
amusing and annoying about this insistence on the cabal being 'named'. The
funniest thing is that we already know who the cabal are...at least a good part
of them on the, let's say 'external supplier' side - they are major market
importers and NNPC. What most of us might not know are the names and faces of
the 'internal regulator/customer' members of the cabal i.e. the employees of
NNPC, Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), Petroleum Products Pricing
Regulatory Agency (PPPRA), and the Ministry of Finance who control the subsidy
program and as such are part of the problem. The annoying part of this obsession
with names is that once we have the names...then what? Nothing. Nothing will
happen to anyone who has unjustly benefitted from the subsidy even when we know
who they are and where they live. Same way those who have looted our treasury
for years sit happily in their hilltop/lake view mansions and even come round
every once in a while to be accorded revered statesman respect by us.

The subsidy on petroleum products has been whittled down at least a dozen times
since the 70s - and always with no meaningful impact on Nigerians except with
the Petroleum Trust Fund set up by Abacha. Although super minister Ngozi Okonjo
Iweala has said at least once- during the Economist conference in October that
the money meant for subsidies will be diverted to infrastructure, there isn't a
line in the draft budget President Jonathan presented to the National Assembly
which earmarks the money meant for subsidy. Considering the blistering lack of
trust between the government and the governed, it is only logical to identify
the subsidy 'money' and ring fence it so that its use and disbursement can be
closely monitored. Instead, we have a situation where there is no track of the
money and we find that the subsidy is merely moving to support an over bloated
government - which cannot live within its means.

It is not only the issue of the removal of the subsidy that bothers Nigerians;
it is the fact that the removal will result in a big fat zero for most of us and
those with access to government coffers will continue to live exactly the way
they used to. If this government is sincere about its plans and aspirations for
a sustainable economic policy for Nigeria, why is it so difficult to tag the
money going from subsidy to infrastructure and share a blue print of how the
money will be spent? According to SURE (Subsidy Reinvestment & Empowerment
Programme) in a 7-page newspaper spread last week - some of the money will be
spent on roads, railway, water and agriculture, irrigation etc. and goes so far
as to list some of the specific items being considered e.g. 200km of
Abuja-Abaji-Lokoja Dual Carriageway (hasn't this project been underway since the
80s?). The problem with the spread is that it does not say how much has been
allocated to the completion of this road and how long it will take to finish the
projects. Which brings us to the last mystery.

The argument the government has made is that the removal of the subsidy will
mean the money can be spent on projects to benefit Nigerians. The SURE Board
(another octopus arm of government is being created here) will focus on
improving infrastructure, creating jobs (women and youth employment programme)
and poverty alleviation but it is not clear how long the execution of these
projects will take. Is the Federal Government anticipating the execution of all
this by the end of 2012? If not, where is the money going to come from? Or are
we going to be left with more uncompleted projects?

In 2010 we spent N673 billion on subsidy and in 2011 we spent N1.3 trillion -
which of these amounts is going to be our 2012 phantom subsidy budget to go into
these special projects? Considering the years of government incoherency when
engaging the public about the need to remove the subsidy, one would expect a
little more creativity and transparency. We would have better informed
supporters of the subsidy removal if the government said 'here is what we are
going to do. In 2012, 2013 and 2014, we will earmark N500 billion in the annual
budgets which would have gone towards the subsidy and spend it this way'.
Instead we are left wondering why subsidy money is going towards building roads
(when we have Ministry of Works) or irrigation projects (when we have ministries
of Agriculture and Water Resources.

If the past is an indication of the future...the subsidy removal will mobilize
civil society and labour and after some heavy negotiating (maybe we should stop
strikes too because people allegedly benefit from negotiating strikes) we will
agree to pay N100 per liter instead of the N160 or so being suggested and all
will be quiet until the next time the debate comes up again. Only when we ask
the tough questions and got the right answers with full disclosure will we start
making the right decisions in Nigeria - until then the real position of things
remains a mystery.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

World Bank's Report On Fuel Subsidy Indicts the Rich

BYLINE: Tokunbo Adedoja

LENGTH: 608 words


A new World Bank report said fuel subsidy benefits the rich more, and removing
it "is a politically sensitive issue," which must be "well managed."

The newly released report titled, "Africa's Pulse", said "fuel subsidies
overwhelmingly benefit better-off families, with survey results for 12 countries
worldwide showing that the top 20 per cent of households receive about six times
more in subsidy benefits than the bottom 20 per cent."

Noting that in 2010-11 over half of all African countries had some subsidy in
place for fuel products, it said, "these in turn cost on average 1.4 per cent of
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in public revenues."

It specifically noted that, "Of the 25 countries with fuel subsidies, the fiscal
cost of subsidies in six countries - primarily oil exporters - was at or above 2
per cent of GDP in 2011."

The World Bank report also noted that the fiscal cost in oil exporters was
almost two-and-a-half times the levels observed for oil importers.

It however recalled that with rising oil prices, some African countries - Ghana,
Mozambique, Guinea and Nigeria, raised or introduced measures to raise domestic
fuel prices in 2011 and 2012.

Citing Nigeria as an example, it noted the removal of fuel subsidy in January,
was trailed by protests, forcing the government to retain a portion of the
subsidy.

The report quoted World Bank's Chief Economist for Africa, Shanta Devarajan, who
is also the author of Africa's Pulse, saying that the fact, "That poor people
protest the removal of fuel subsidies that benefit the rich shows how deep the
continent's governance problems are. They simply don't trust the government to
spend the savings on them."

Giving recipe for a well managed fuel subsidy removal, the report said social
assistance programs needed to be strengthened so as to help the poor and
vulnerable households weather the price shock.

It also harped on the need for increase public understanding and support for
subsidy reform by having a transparent and evidence-based discussion and
scrutiny of subsidies.

These discussions and scrutiny should, according to the report, involve the full
cost of the subsidy, the distribution of the subsidy, who is benefiting from the
subsidy, and the implications for public spending on priority areas.

The report, which also delved into other areas of African economy, said economic
growth in Sub-Saharan Africa remained strong and was poised for lift-off after
growing at 4.9 per cent in 2011.

It also said that excluding South Africa - which accounts for over a third of
the region's GDP - growth in the rest of region was 5.9 per cent, making it one
of the fastest growing developing regions.

Nigeria was listed, along with other resource-rich countries like Ghana and
Mozambique, including other economies like Rwanda and Ethiopia, among the
fastest growing economies in 2011, posting growth rates of at least seven per
cent, while over a third of countries in the region attained growth rates of at
least 6 per cent, with another 40 per cent growing between four to six per cent.

Quoting the banks's Vice-President for Africa, Obiageli Ezekwesili, it said: "In
view of the turbulence that has beset the global economy in the last five years,
many would be right to think that the prospects for Africa are terrible.

"But as this issue of Africa's Pulse shows, African economies continue to show
resilience and some of the fastest-growing economies in the world are now in
Africa. The urgent agenda remains sustaining the macroeconomic reforms while
accelerating the structural reforms that will deliver the right quality of
growth that creates jobs and raises incomes on the continent."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Merit-based subsidies could mean cuts for 74 colleges

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 666 words


Most national universities would see their government subsidies cut if funds
were distributed based on academic excellence, Finance Ministry estimates show.

According to the estimates released Monday, 74 of 87 national universities in
the nation, or 85 percent of all national universities, would receive less in
subsidies under a performance-based system compared to what they get under the
current arrangement, which is based on the size and capacity of a school.

The ministry made the estimates in an effort to see how a merit-based system
would affect the allocation of subsidies that the government offers for
operational costs at national universities.

But the estimates are likely to draw criticism from universities projected to
lose out, and are expected to prompt heated debate over how the subsidies should
be decided, observers said.

According to financial statements for national universities covering fiscal
2005, state subsidies totaled 1.59 trillion yen, accounting for 45 percent of
the operating income of the universities. The subsidies are the largest income
source for the universities, followed by operating profits of university
hospitals, which in 2005 accounted for 27 percent, while tuition fees came to 15
percent.

The ministry, which has argued the subsidy allocation system needs to be
drastically reviewed to improve the efficiency of state finances, included its
merit-based estimates in a document submitted to a ministry council for fiscal
issues. Ministry officials also believe levels of academic research and
education activities at national universities would improve if a market
mechanism was introduced into the subsidy allocation system.

The estimates were made based on assessments of each university's commitment to
research and educational activities. To assess commitment, the ministry looked
at how two types of subsidies were allocated--those for certain scientific
research projects that the government judged to be useful, and those covering
research and educational programs that universities came up with on their own
initiative.

If subsidies were reallocated in proportion to the ratio of subsidies spent on
key scientific research projects, some universities that have obtained subsidies
for those research projects would receive a higher allocation under a
merit-based system, while some would receive less, the estimates showed.

According to the estimates, 13 universities would receive more in subsidies,
including Tokyo University, Kyoto University and Tokyo Institute of Technology.
However, this would leave 74 other universities with less in subsidies.

In terms of those likely to see an increase, Tokyo University would receive more
than double the amount it does now, with an estimated 112.9 percent more in
subsidies. At the other end of the scale, Hyogo University of Teacher Education
would receive about 10 percent of its current levels. The estimates indicated
that a number of universities specializing in teacher training would face
significant cuts in their subsidies.

If a reallocation estimate is based on amounts of subsidies covering
universities' original research and educational programs, the number of
universities that would receive a bigger allocation was estimated at just 34, or
40 percent of all state universities.

Education minister blasts report

Education, Science and Technology Minister Bunmei Ibuki on Tuesday criticized
the Finance Ministry's estimates, saying, "If funds are used only for
technological development and applied research, there will be no money for
developing human resources for future generations."

Speaking at a press conference after a Cabinet meeting, Ibuki added the
ministry's proposal was like "the grasshopper," an apparent reference to Aesop's
fable about the grasshopper and the ants.

The minister also expressed skepticism about relying on market principles when
allocating state subsidies, saying, "It's a very dangerous idea to allocate
funds only with a view to making profits in the short run."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           May 9, 1988, Monday Pg. 8A

SUBSIDIES CLOUD US-CANADA PACT

BYLINE: MAX BAUCUS

LENGTH: 841 words


While the concept of a free trade zone between the United States and Canada
holds great promise, the U.S.-Canada trade agreement now pending before Congress
should be rejected because it fails to address in a meaningful way Canadian
subsidies, a major barrier to trade. The agreement is simply a tariff reduction
act and not a blueprint for free trade.

Subsidies are just as much a barrier to free trade as tariffs, quotas or any
other type of government-imposed trade restriction. Subsidies - just like
tariffs and quotas - allow an industry that would not be viable under free
market conditions to operate at the expense of consumers, taxpayers and their
ompetitors in other nations. Subsidies are protectionism, pure and simple.

Unfortunately, we Americans tend to think of only tariffs and quotas as trade
barriers because they are what the United States has historically used. This is
not the case in Canada, where extensive use of federal and provincial subsidies
to attract industry to rural areas is a long-standing policy. As a chief
Canadian trade negotiator said in a newspaper interview: You must understand
that the Canadian people are committed to helping their industries that cannot
compete. Our constitution requires that funds be transferred to assist companies
in non-economic locations to compete in international trade.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development reported in 1982 that
the Canadian government spent 2.3 percent of its gross domestic product
subsidizing industries. The United States spends only 0.4 percent of its gross
domestic product on subsidies. U.S. Trade Representative Clayton Yeutter, a key
proponent of the trade agreement, concedes that . . . we believe that in most
areas Canada uses domestic subsidies more extensively than the United States . .
. .

Limiting subsidies in both countries was a major administration objective when
it began negotiations. Unfortunately, the objective was not achieved. With the
exception of some very minor restrictions in the agricultural area, no limits
whatsoever were placed on subsidies. The result was a trade agreement that
eliminates U.S. trade barriers - tariffs, quotas and other import restrictions -
but allows Canada to retain its subsidies.

The administration argues that the trade agreement provides for an ongoing
working group to discuss the subsidy issue, and that the United States still
retains its rights to use countervailing duties to offset the impact of Canadian
subsidies. But upon closer inspection, little comfort can be drawn from either
of these arguments.

First, the ongoing negotiations on subsidies will be doomed from the start.
Since the United States has relinquished its best bargaining chip - access to
our market - Canada has little incentive to reduce its subsidies. Without strong
negotiating leverage our position on Canadian subsidies is tantamount to buying
a used car on a handshake.

Second, it is simply not true that the United States retains its full right to
use countervailing duty law to offset Canadian subsidies. In fact, Canadian
trade negotiators cite limits on U.S. countervailing duty law as their major
victory.

Under the trade agreement, U.S. law has been limited in two important ways.
Final decisions in cases in which countervailing duties are sought would be made
by a panel of U.S. and Canadian trade authorities, not by U.S. courts. Changes
in countervailing duty laws must be reviewed by this panel. The loss of American
judicial review is viewed with alarm by many potential U.S. petitioners.
Although the review process does not prohibit changes in U.S. law, it does put a
significant procedural roadblock in the path of any proposed change that would
affect Canada. In essence the trade agreement takes the U.S. law, which can be
used as a big stick against trade barriers, and saws it in half.

Further, even if the United States succeeds in imposing countervailing duties to
offset Canadian subsidies, it may be too late to do any good. Only after an
industry has been seriously injured by imports can the United States impose a
countervailing duty. In addition, many Canadian subsidies may prove to be beyond
the reach of U.S. law.

In short, the United States bargained away many of its trade barriers to reach a
trade agreement with Canada, but obtained no guarantee that Canada would act to
eliminate its future ability to offset these subsidies. Furthermore, the United
States actually has restricted its ability to offset these subsidies with
countervailing duties. This leaves our industries open to increased subsidized
competition from Canada as the agreement is implemented.

The goal of the U.S.-Canada trade agreement must be to lower barriers to trade,
not institutionalize them. If the administration can tie implementation of the
agreement to resolution of the subsidy problem, then the agreement could fulfill
its promise of free trade. Without such action to close the agreement's glaring
loopholes, Congress should reject the pact.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Max Baucus, D-Mont., is a member of the U.S. Senate Finance
Committee.

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 22, 2015

Again, NEITI Seeks Removal of Fuel Subsidy

BYLINE: Ejiofor Alike

LENGTH: 618 words


The Nigeria Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative (NEITI) has said that
the federal government's policy shift towards removal of fuel subsidy is a
welcome development and a step in the right direction.

The Acting Executive Secretary of NEITI, Dr Orji Ogbonnaya Orji said that the
proposal to remove fuel subsidy was consistent with the recommendations
contained in NEITI's independent audit reports conducted in the last six years,
adding that the policy has served as a tool by the rich to exploit the poor.

Addressing a Policy Roundtable on Subsidy Removal Debate organised by the Shehu
Yar'Adua Centre in Abuja recently, Orji said from NEITI's independent audit
report, over N4 trillion had been paid as subsidy to marketers from 2006-2012.

'The breakdown of the subsidy shows that N2.197Billion was paid as subsidy in
2006. This rose to N236.64Billion in 2007 and N360.1Billion in 2008. In 2009 the
country paid N198.1 billion as subsidy for petroleum products and in 2010 the
subsidy payment rose to N416.45Billion. The payments skyrocketed to N1.9
trillion in 2011. Payments of oil subsidy declined to N690Billion in 2012
following the subsidy protests across the country in January of that year," Orji
explained.

Orji argued that Nigeria's current challenges with the crash in the global oil
price makes it more difficult to sustain the subsidy arrangements which appears
to fund the lifestyle of the rich, while majority of the citizens wallow in
poverty.

Orji is of the view that removal of the subsidy will free over N700 billion
annually which can be channeled to provision of infrastructure like roads,
education, health service, power, security, creation of jobs and basic benefits
for the poor in the society.

He noted that oil subsidy was a financial assistance by the Federal Government
to Nigerians to enable them buy refined products much lower than the prevailing
market price, adding that it was also conceived as a temporary measure to
provide relief and ensure products availability.

The Acting Executive Secretary of NEITI insisted that the management of the oil
subsidy over the years has been trailed by allegations of fraud, corruption and
arm twisting.

According to Dr Orji, NEITI aligns with the move by the government to remove
subsidy and free Nigerians from this bondage once and for all, describing the
decision if allowed to stay as a courageous one. He expressed delight that many
of the individuals and groups that were opposed to the policy before now have
changed their position.

"In removing the subsidy, it is the position of NEITI that the government
considers progressive measures to put the welfare of the ordinary citizen at the
center of the implementation, by creation of palliative programmes to reduce the
pain temporarily that may be experienced by the poor and vulnerable in the short
term. It is also part of NEITI's recommendations that the government should take
steps to either make the refineries work, privatize them or create the enabling
environment for private refineries to thrive," he explained.

He underlined the need to ensure that the implementation of the proposal is
gradual, slow but steady.

In her welcome remarks the Director General of the Shehu Musa Yar Adua Centre
Jacqueline Farris explained that the policy dialogue was convened by the centre
to seek the views of industry experts, development partners, the media and the
civil society as well as the academia on the subsidy removal debates and the way
forward.

Professor John Adeoti of the Nigeria Institute of Social and Economic research
advised the government to implement the removal of the fuel subsidy side by side
with the safety net programmes that could grant relief to the poor.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

GOP lawmakers urge Congress to 'fix' Obamacare subsidies

BYLINE: Jeremy Duda

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1377  words


As the U.S. Supreme Court ponders whether to strike down a pillar of the
Affordable Care Act, Republican legislators in Arizona are urging Congress to
"fix Obamacare," which could include finding a way to keep the federal subsidies
that more than 200,000 Arizonans use to purchase health care insurance.

In a letter to U.S. House Speaker John Boehner and U.S. Senate Majority Leader
Mitch McConnell, 36 Republican lawmakers from Arizona urged the congressional
leaders to "fix Obamacare" if the high court rules for the plaintiff in King v.
Burwell. The lawsuit alleges that the Affordable Care Act does not allow the
federal government to provide health care subsidies to people in states that
have not set up their own health insurance exchanges.

Like the majority of states, Arizona declined to set up its own health insurance
exchange, prompting the federal government to establish one for the state. The
Legislature and Gov. Doug Ducey doubled down on that decision, made by former
Gov. Jan Brewer in 2013, by passing a law to prohibit the state from setting up
its own exchange.

That means that if the Supreme Court strikes down the subsidies for federally
run exchanges, all Arizonans who pay for their health care with those subsidies
will find themselves without insurance.

The lawmakers' letter focused far more on the faults of Obamacare than on the
benefits of the subsidies. The letter decried the restrictions and regulations
on the subsidies, which the legislators presented as further evidence of the
law's shortcomings.

But the message in the letter seemed clear: Don't force Arizonans to lose out on
the subsidies because the state won't create its own exchange.

In their letter, the Arizona legislators said they won't establish a state-run
exchange, no matter the outcome of King, because of the "disastrous experiences"
of other states that have done so. Without subsidies for federal exchanges,
states like Arizona will face a choice between sacrificing the subsidies or
creating their own exchanges.

"Arizonans will not be put on the hook to fix problems Congress should be
solving," the letter read.

But the lawmakers also acknowledged the impact that a loss of subsidies would
have on Arizonans who depend on them for their health insurance.

"Should the Supreme Court rule in favor of the plaintiff and outlaw federal
exchange subsidies, we recognize the difficult situation many exchange enrollees
will face," they wrote.

It was an ironic plea from a group that is universally opposed to the law. Many
of the 36 lawmakers have railed against Obamacare for years, and all eight who
were in the Legislature in 2010 voted to authorize Arizona to join a different,
multi-state lawsuit against it.

However, the lawmakers urge not a continuation of the subsidies as they are now,
but a reformed version of them that strips away what they view as the more
onerous provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Specifically, they asked
congressional leaders to make changes that would allow people to purchase
whichever health plans they want, as opposed to just those approved under the
Affordable Care Act; allow people to purchase their plans whenever they want,
not just during federally designated enrollment periods; and allow people to use
subsidies, tax credits or tax deductions to purchase plans that meet their
needs.

"Our constituents deserve change. They deserve peace of mind that Congress will
seize the opportunity a King v. Burwell decision might create to repair the
damage done by ObamaCare," the lawmakers wrote.

The letter was coordinated by the Florida-based Foundation for Government
Accountability. FGA's Charles Siler said his organization doesn't want to see
the subsidies continue as is. But polling shows that the majority of voters
don't want the subsidies to go away entirely, instead preferring a program with
more flexibility and decision-making by the states.

The idea, Siler said, is to ensure that the subsidies aren't tied to the health
insurance exchanges established under Obamacare.

"Whether the subsidies are a good idea or not is not necessarily an endorsement
of Obamacare," Siler said. "Obamacare as it is is a disaster. That doesn't mean
there isn't an occasional silver lining. "

Among the lawmakers who signed the letter, there are mixed feelings as to what
the core message was. Some say the point was to urge conservative reforms to
Obamacare, not a continuation of the subsidies that make up a key component of
the health care law.

"I would not take that tone with the letter, that they want to preserve any of
these subsidies," said Sen. Steve Smith, R-Maricopa. "I think there's other,
more free market-principled ways to have those people who need that coverage
covered, without being part of this whole thing called Obamacare. "

The point of the letter was to promote freedom in health, not subsidies, said
Rep. Paul Boyer, R-Phoenix. If subsidies are available, Boyer said people should
be able to use them for any health plan they want, at any time. But he said he'd
prefer to not have subsidies or anything else that furthers Obamacare.

"I'd rather see that money come back to Arizona in the form of a block grant to
allow Arizona to determine best the health needs of our citizens," Boyer said.

Rep. J.D. Mesnard, R-Chandler, also said his main takeaway was not that the
lawmakers wanted Congress to keep the subsidies, and pointed out that the letter
made very few references to them. He said most of the lawmakers would not have
signed the letter had that been the case.

"I don't think any of us were looking at the magic word 'subsidies' and thinking
we want these government subsidies and that's the right way to do it. We were
simply saying Congress has an opportunity to fix the situation, and whether it's
subsidies, which have been talked about, or tax credits or tax deductions or
however they want to handle that, that's what we were pushing for," Mesnard
said. "I don't think we are asking for subsidies. It's a broader thing that
we're asking for. "

But Mesnard said he supports the continuation of the subsidies if the Supreme
Court rules against the Obama administration in the King case. He said it's an
issue of fairness: If Arizonans are going to pay into the system, they should
get the benefits.

"If we're stuck with this monstrosity, then I'm going to play with the hand I've
been dealt, even if it's a bad one," Mesnard said.

Others said they wanted to convey to Congress that Arizona shouldn't lose out on
the subsidies if the Supreme Court rules in favor of Virginia resident David
King, the lead plaintiff in the case.

Rep. John Allen, R-Scottsdale, said he'd prefer to see Congress repeal
Obamacare, subsidies and all. But as long as it exists, Arizona is faced with
nothing but bad choices.

"We do pay taxes in this state. It's not like we don't want to be the recipient
of federal grants and other things that further the interests of our citizens. I
just wish we didn't want to do it through Obamacare," Allen said. "We're being
blackmailed with our own money. "

Sen. John Kavanagh, R-Fountain Hills, said the letter isn't an acknowledgement
that some parts of Obamacare are worthy of keeping. It's a matter of getting the
best deal possible under the circumstances, and of taking advantage of the
lawsuit to extract concessions on the Affordable Care Act. If changes aren't
made to the way the system works, Kavanagh said he'd rather let the whole thing
"wither on the vine and die. "

"A lot of states are going to switch to state exchanges. So if we win the
lawsuit, it's not going to make Obamacare go away in a large chunk of the
country. So to the extent that we can get the kind of reforms that move it in
our direction, we're ahead of the game," Kavanagh said.

Arizona Republicans aren't alone in their concerns. GOP lawmakers in Arkansas,
Georgia, Maine and Tennessee sent identical letters, also coordinated by FGA, to
congressional leaders. And on the national level, some Republicans have
expressed concerns about the fallout if the Supreme Court strikes down the
subsidies for federally run exchanges. A ruling is expected by the end of June.

http://www.azcapitoltimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday
                                National Edition

A chance to rethink business subsidies

SECTION: FP COMMENT; Pg. FP13

LENGTH: 870  words


How much does the federal government spend on business subsidies? You can't get
an answer to that question from a single source. After combining the most
recently available information from the government's financial statements, its
tax expenditure accounts and the annual reports of selected Crown corporations,
I came up with an estimate of almost $16 billion in 2013.

Surprisingly, only about a quarter of that comes through spending programs. Tax
incentives amounted to almost 60 per cent of the total. Losses on loans and
equity investments (e.g., the Chrysler and GM bailouts) were six per cent of all
subsidies. Federal agencies providing financial services to business at
below-market prices accounted for about a sixth of business subsidies in 2013.
The Business Development Bank of Canada (BDC) and Farm Credit Canada (FCC)
consistently report profits, however they depend on access to cheap financing
through the federal government. If we apply the same cost of capital as private
businesses, the BDC and FCC experienced large losses in 2013.

Who benefits from subsidies? Small businesses and farmers, mostly. The small
business share was just over 40 per cent while farmers received almost 20 per
cent. Another 20 per cent was targeted at a variety of sectors. In terms of
activities, RD and innovation programs made up about a quarter of subsidy
spending, regional development programs about a tenth and agricultural income
support programs accounted for 7½ per cent. The federal government should look
closely at business subsidies when planning its return to budget balance. The
first step in the review should be to classify programs into two categories:
those programs intended to improve economic performance and those intended to
provide income support.

For programs in the first category, it is crucial that the government determine
why a subsidy is required to improve economic performance. If markets are
functioning properly, capital and labour will be used as efficiently as
possible, so a subsidy will harm rather than help performance and should be
eliminated. Governments should ignore claims that subsidies create jobs.
Subsidies have to be financed by higher taxes or lower government spending, both
of which will result in commensurate job losses.

If markets are not working properly, using a subsidy to encourage a particular
activity can help market efficiency. The classic example is spending on RD.
Firms performing RD cannot retain all of the benefits for themselves. Some of
the knowledge created inevitably spills over to help other firms. But in
determining RD investment, firms consider their own costs and benefits, not the
broader social benefits from spillovers, so the amount of RD undertaken is too
low from society's perspective.

However, even in this case caution is warranted. Raising taxes to finance a
subsidy will harm economic performance by reducing incentives to work, save and
invest. In addition, governments and business incur costs to administer and
comply with conditions for receiving subsidies. As a result, all programs
implemented to address a market failure should be evaluated to insure that they
result in a benefit to society after total costs have been considered.

Given their reputation as the engines of job growth, small business subsidies
may be given a pass in any subsidy review. That would be a mistake. While small
businesses do create most jobs in Canada, the contribution comes from a
surprisingly small share of small businesses. There is ample evidence that the
overwhelming majority of small businesses start small and stay small, or exit.
That makes the small business deduction, which provides support for investment
by all small businesses (at a cost of $3 billion in 2013), wasteful, since most
of the benefits are received by firms that do not grow. So, while the small
business deduction is improving access to finance, it is on balance harming
rather than helping economic performance by encouraging lessefficient
small-scale production. According to Statistics Canada, small firms are around
60 per cent as efficient as their larger counterparts.

There are also large savings to be made by tightening up on subsidies for RD
performed by small firms, which enjoys a 35 per cent federal subsidy rate
compared to 15 per cent for large businesses. However, there is no evidence to
support the implicit rationale that spillovers are higher for small RD
performers. Reducing the subsidy to the large-firm rate would save about $825
million a year.

Rethinking business subsidies, particularly for small businesses, would result
in substantial fiscal savings and improved economic performance. Unfortunately,
the new government is committed to widening the tax-rate gap between small and
large businesses. In addition, recent mandate letters charge ministers with
expanding support for innovative firms, with an emphasis on startups and other
small firms. Let's hope that these new initiatives are financed out of savings
from reductions in other business subsidies rather than with new money.

John Lester is an Executive Fellow at The School of Public Policy at the
University of Calgary !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Geoff Robins, AFP, Getty Images/;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

End of per-vote subsidy will hit smaller parties hardest

BYLINE: Jason Fekete, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 380 words


The Conservative Party of Canada has pocketed almost $100 million from the
taxpayer-funded per-vote subsidy that will be eliminated by next spring - by far
the largest financial windfall of any political party.

As Canada's federal parties build up their war chests for an expected October
2015 election, the subsidy is winding down.

And that will especially hurt the Greens and the Bloc Quebecois.

Political party financial statements show the Bloc and Greens have very much
relied on the quarterly subsidy, which pays allowances to the main political
parties that obtain at least two per cent of all votes in an election, or at
least five per cent of votes in electoral districts.

"Could we ever have gotten a single elected member of Parliament without the
per-vote subsidy? Probably not. But we're now quite established," May said.

The Bloc, which is down to two seats after three of its MPs decided to sit as
Independents, will have received about $25.7 million from the subsidy by the
time it's eliminated.

The Bloc fundraised only $17,689 in the third-quarter of 2014, but received
$113,657 from the allowance. So far in 2014 (up to end of September), the Bloc
has fundraised $216,142 and received $454,627 from the subsidy.

In 2013, the party collected $417,030 in individual contributions - but received
more than $1 million from the subsidy.

The subsidy was launched in 2004 under the former Liberal government to
compensate for its decision to eliminate corporate and union donations to
federal political parties. Prime Minister Stephen Harper's government passed
legislation in 2011 to phase out the political party financing tool. The
phaseout started April 1, 2012 and ends April 1, 2015.

Breaking down the per-vote subsidy :

$266 million: Total that will have been paid out by pervote subsidy over 11
years once it's eliminated on April 1, 2015.

$98.1 million: Total per-vote subsidy paid to the Conservative party since 2004

$75 million: Total per-vote subsidy paid to the Liberal party since 2004

$54.6 million: Total per-vote subsidy paid to the NDP since 2004

$25.7 million: Total per-vote subsidy paid to the Bloc Quebecois since 2004

$12.6 million: Total per-vote subsidy to be paid to the Green party since 2004
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday

Fixed cooking gas subsidy on agenda

BYLINE: R. Suryamurthy

LENGTH: 436  words


New Delhi, Feb. 1: The government plans to announce a fixed annual subsidy for
domestic cooking gas and limit the supply of kerosene only to households without
electricity in the Union budget.

The move to prune the subsidy in LPG and kerosene follows the deregulation of
diesel prices.

Finance minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the government would carry out
further reforms in LPG and kerosene subsidies. "After directly transferring
subsidies to 150 million families for LPG since January 1 this year, the
government will carve out families that don't need these subsidies. The
government would also address the misuse of kerosene subsidies. Subsidies for
the poor would be rationalised, not eliminated."

After rolling out the direct benefit transfer (DBT) scheme for LPG, the
government plans to announce a fixed subsidy as periodic revisions will create a
problem in transferring the amount. However, it plans to leave the cap of 12
subsidised cylinders per year untouched, sources said.

Officials said the modified DBT scheme, now called Pahal, would plug leakages
and help to cut down the subsidy burden.

This could lead to an annual savings of Rs 12,000-14,000 crore in subsidy outgo,
they said. Last fiscal, Rs 46,458 crore out of a total subsidy of Rs 138,869
crore was on account of LPG.

Under the Pahal scheme, LPG consumers will get cash subsidy in their bank
accounts so that they can buy cooking gas cylinders at market price. Consumers
will get a one-time advance in their accounts when the first booking is made.
The moment a consumer takes delivery of the cylinder, the subsidy will be
transferred to the account.

DBT is designed to ensure that the subsidy meant for the genuine customer
reaches them directly and is not diverted.

While relaunching DBT for cooking without the mandatory Aadhar card, the
government had decided to keep the price unchanged till March and share the
under-recovery on LPG till that time with the state-owned oil companies.

However, the government will fix the LPG subsidy for the next fiscal.

At present, a subsidised cylinder costs Rs 417 in Delhi, while a non-subsidised
one is priced at Rs 708.50. In Calcutta, a subsidised cylinder costs Rs 419,
while a non-subsidised one is priced at Rs 746. In Mumbai, the market price of a
cylinder is Rs 725.50, while the subsidised ones cost Rs 452 each.

Kerosene supply

Officials said the budget could limit the amount of kerosene subsidy as the oil
ministry was looking at trimming the support for the poor man's fuel.

It is considering a proposal to limit the sale of subsidised kerosene to
households that do no have electricity.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              June 11, 2006 Sunday

Budget and economic realities

SECTION: NATIONWIDE INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1448  words


By DR FAISAL BARI - With PSDP in excess of Rs 400 billion, and announced
subsidies of Rs 100 billion, is this the "historic" budget that will alter the
shape of things to come, alleviate poverty or at least allow the poor to cope
with the inflationary pressures they have been facing. Alternatively, is it
eyewash the opposition is clamouring about? Obviously any relief in prices, if
it gets implemented, and if it does transfer funds to the poor in any way, will
have a positive impact on the poor.

But the real questions have to do with (a) was the set of policies and
incentives announced the best we could do, (b) do they give the right
incentives, given the state of our economy, (c) will they be implemented, d) how
will they affect the economy as a whole and (e) what other measure could/should
we have taken? Therefore, the real questions have to do with the size of
subsidies, their composition, their operationalisation, alternatives and so on.

The Rs 100 billion in subsidies will mainly go through subsidies on electricity,
petroleum products, sugar, wheat, pulses, cement and some other items. The
mechanism for putting some of these subsidies in place has not been announced
yet, but one can guess the mechanism for most of them. For electricity, the "
subsidy" might be on the GST or other taxes in the bill and might even be higher
for some customers, like agricultural users, than others.

For pulses and sugar, this might take the form of subsidization of prices
through provision at Utility Stores. For petroleum products, the "subsidy" might
be the adjustment of taxes on these products and for cement; it is a subsidy on
freight of imports. It is quite unfair of the government to term adjustments in
taxes as "subsidies" as well, but this is how they are talking of changes in GST
and petroleum levies.

First the government levies a tax on a product, and in the case of petroleum
products it is about 40 per cent of value, that raises the price of the product
substantially, then it says it will lower the tax a little and calls the
resulting lower price as a subsidized price. This is abuse of terms and of
public trust as well. If a normal shopkeeper did this with prices people would
consider it a criminal act. However, the government seems to get away with it.
The government insists that these will benefit the poor substantially. However,
we need to take a more detailed look at that, and ensure that the subsidies are
designed in a way that they do target the poor.

Let us take the case of electricity. If it is decided that government will take
off the GST or other taxes from all bills, it will be a badly designed subsidy,
as it will benefit the rich more than the poor. To ensure that the poor benefit
from the subsidy WAPDA has to find the approximate value of number of units used
by poorer households and then to subsidise only households that use that much
electricity.

So, if we think that the poor have a few fans, a few lights and a couple of
other implements, and typically use say 100 odd units a month, the subsidy
should be targeted to households that have only that much bill and not to
others. It should not be the case that every household should get first 100
units subsidised or that will dilute the subsidy and non-poor will benefit as
well.

Subsidies on agricultural tube wells and so on are not necessarily subsidies for
the poor, as poor people usually do not have tube wells; it is usually the
better off farmers that own them. Therefore, if a subsidy is given for
agricultural use, it should be for encouraging agricultural output and should
not be treated as a subsidy for the poor. There still remains the problem that
many of the poor in Pakistan do not have electricity connections and the subsidy
will not be able to reach them. However, WAPDA cannot reach these poor; the
government will have to find other means to reach them.

The subsidy on cement is clearly not for the poor. It might indirectly affect
the poor by encouraging construction activity, but it cannot be termed as a
subsidy targeted at the poor. There are only 300-400 utility stores in the
country currently, and if we include the Friday, Sunday and Tuesday bazaars as
well, we still have only 1000 odd outlets across the country where we can sell
subsidised pulses, sugar, and so on.

The outreach of the government, to get to the poor through a shop system, is
limited. Furthermore, a utility store cannot check if it is a poor man or a rich
man who is buying their goods. Since most of these stores are in urban areas,
one can safely assume that the leakage of the subsidies being planned though
utility stores, to the non-poor, is going to be large. This is apart from any
leakage that might take place due to corruption and so on.

What could be a better way of doing this? If we want to help the poor, we have
to focus on two main areas. We have to increase their current income/consumption
so that it reaches some desired or adequate level. We have to find ways of
increasing their physical and/or human assets (ownership of land, education,
health and skills) so that they can ensure increased incomes for the next
periods.

To transfer higher levels of income to the poor we need to identify the poor and
ensure adequate transfers happen to them. The problem with the above-mentioned
schemes is they are non-targeted and cannot identify the poor alone. This allows
for leakage of subsidy to the non-poor and it means that the average level of
subsidy will be lower and there will be many poor who will not be able to get it
as well.

Identification of the poor is not a very difficult task. All it requires is a
set up of an agency that can create a database of the poor, based on
sufficiently trust worthy means testing procedures. Most developed and a lot of
developing countries already have such mechanisms in place. These are terms as
safety net or social protection programmes. These identify the poor and then
transfer adequate funds to them through various cash or conditional cash
transfer programmes.

We have to do that as well. However, we also have to ensure that today's poor
are able to invest in their physical and human assets so that tomorrow they are
able to generate enough incomes for themselves. This has to be through
redistribution of resources (land) and creation of opportunities that provide
education and skills to the poor.

The government has raised the minimum wage for labour, but if the
market-clearing wage is below this level, which it is, many people will just
avoid the government injunction and not pay the stipulated wage. The skilled
labour force in Pakistan is already mostly getting more than Rs 4,000 a month.
Therefore, if we want to increase the level of income of the poor working class,
we have to ensure they have skills and education. This requires a substantial
re-orientation of our education and skill development policies.

Though the government has initiated some skill development programmes, a
revolutionary approach signalling a major break from the past, has not been
taken in either education or skill development area. This is what is needed
right now, if we are serious about helping the poor make a life for themselves
and their future generations.

It seems that government has put this budget together in haste. The rising
prices of pulses, sugar and other products are a sign that prices are rising
faster than incomes of the poor. The more sustainable way of addressing the
problem is to address the issue of incomes rather than prices. The government
cannot control prices of all goods and not all the time, and they cannot even
design effective means of selling products to the poor on controlled prices.

This is hard under a market economy anyway. The better way would have been to
find ways of supplementing the incomes of the poor in the short run (through
targeted schemes) and to ensure the poor have access to quality education and
skill development facilities to ensure their future income. However, the
government has chosen to tread the harder, less effective but more populist
path, and the impending elections might have to do something with that choice.

We can only hope that the government will, in the days to come, also initiate
the longer-term projects. Tailpiece: The Economic Survey 2005-06 has some
interesting nuggets. It suggests that SMEs grew by some 9.5 per cent last year.
Since the government does not cover SMEs every year, how did they come up with
this growth figure? Economic Survey also points out that the number of
registered nurses dropped by some 15,000 over the last year alone. Where did
these 15,000 odd nurses, almost one-third of the total number of nurses in
Pakistan, go?

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2006 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Bikya News

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

As world calls for end to subsidies, Egypt remains quiet

LENGTH: 606  words


Egypt has been hit with sporadic fuel shortages since the 2011 uprising that
toppled Mubarak - image supplied.

CAIRO: On Monday, a global campaign to end fuel subsidies was taking grasp of
the world community as activists and environmental experts called on countries
to end fuel subsidies in an effort to reduce consumption and help combat climate
change. In Egypt, the country was largely focused on the presidential election
and only a handful of activists spoke out on the topic.

Egyptians called out for the government to rethink fuel subsidies in the
country, which take a large chunk of the country's annual budget, but with long
lines across the country for petrol, worries among government officials is that
to end fuel subsidies could result in widespread unrest.

Online activists used the hashtag #endfossilfuelsubsidies on the micro-blogging
site Twitter to push the message across borders.

But earlier this month, ahead of the Rio+20 climate change conference in Brazil,
Egypt did say the new budget for the 2012/2013 fiscal year will see fuel
subsidies cut by some 27 percent. The government added that they would introduce
a coupon system to ensure the most needy receive subsidies.

In recent years, the subsidies in the country have come under increased pressure
as the wealthy continued to take subsidies and put it on the market without it
reaching the impoverished segments of society.

The government hopes the new moves will help boost the less off to receive the
needed financial assistance.

In the new budget, the government will reduce the amount spent on fuel subsidies
to 70 billion Egyptian pounds from the previous 95 billion, which will account
for roughly half of all subsidies spent by the government.

Octane petrol, diesel and butane gas will all be distributed via a system of
coupons and smart-cards in an attempt to keep a tighter rein on distribution and
limit profiteering.

In March, the government floated the idea of reducing subsidies, but until now,
nothing of substance had been made public.

Gas stations in the country continue to see long lines, but according to a World
Bank official, speaking on condition of anonymity, "this is the only way forward
for Egypt to enter the global economy.

"Subsidies are not good for investor confidence and while it cannot be done at
once, reducing piece by piece would be a solid move for the country," the
official said.

In the statement,the FEI said that "Egypt's long standing no limit energy
subsidy policy has led to widespread misuse of the country's resources with low
prices encouraging wastefulness."

The announcement continued to recommend the "gradual removal of energy subsidies
over the next 5 to 7 years. FEI's findings follow a recent decision by Egypt's
interim government to cut by a third energy subsidies provided to heavy
industry."

While tentatively announced in early January, this is the first formal
declaration from the Egyptian government that it is seriously looking at
reducing subsidies.

The Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics (CAPMAS) says energy
subsidies amount to some 100 billion Egyptian pounds and "represent about 20
percent of total government spending."

In comments published in late February, Egypt's Finance Minister Momtaz el-Said
said that "the higher rates will be applied to steel, cement and ceramics
industries," allaying fears that all subsidies, including those for foodstuffs,
would be cut.

But activists and concerned environmentalists in the country hope that by
reducing, and eventually ending, subsidies for fuel, the country can lead on
ending the impact of fossil fuels on the world's environment.

BM

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 876


                           Copyright 2012 Bikya News
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                           January 19, 2013 Saturday

THE NUMBERS

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 364 words


We taxpayers have spent more than $450 million on movies and television shows,
including some of the highest earners in history.

The lion's share of the spending has been on films in which Sir Peter Jackson
has been the director or an important player.

Taxpayers have contributed more than $370m towards The Hobbit, the three Lord of
the Rings movies, King Kong, The Lovely Bones, and Tintin.

The subsidies are paid to local companies set up by the studios. For example,
The Hobbit is financed by Warner Bros and the local company, Three Foot Seven,
is solely owned by them.

Present-day subsidies are a 15 per cent rebate on the money spent making the
film in New Zealand. Since 2004 about $266.7m in subsidies have been paid out,
with film-makers spending about $1.9b here.

This is a list of the highest- grossing films which benefited from New Zealand
subsidies and how much they earned worldwide.

THE HOBBIT: Grossed $NZ1.055 billion so far (two more films to come). Subsidy:
$77m.

LORD OF THE RINGS TRILOGY: Grossed $3.47b. Subsidy: Reportedly more than $200m.

TINTIN: Grossed $444m. Subsidy: $22.36m.

KING KONG: Grossed $654m. Subsidy: $48.6m.

THE LOVELY BONES: Grossed $111m. Subsidy: $6.9m.

AVATAR: Grossed $3.305b - the highest-earning film in history. Subsidy: $52.8m.

THE LION, THE WITCH AND THE WARDROBE: Grossed $885m. Subsidy: $16.7m

PRINCE CASPIAN: Grossed $499m. Subsidy: $9.5m

WOLVERINE: Grossed $443m. Subsidy: $4.5m

The subsidy estimates were issued to The Dominion Post by the Ministry of
Business, Innovation and Employment, which administers the Large Budget Screen
Production Grant.

The grant pays 15 per cent of the money spent on qualifying films or television
productions in New Zealand. The production must have spent at least $15m here.

Before 2004 there was a different subsidy scheme and the payments made to film
companies were not divulged. However, it was widely reported that the scheme had
paid more than $200m towards the Lord of the Rings trilogy.

The gross earnings figures are taken from Box Office Mojo, a website which
specialises in film earnings.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Subsidised: Martin Freeman as Bilbo in The Hobbit - one of the films to receive
millions.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 2, 2004 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Interim Trade Triumph Short on Hard Details

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1019 words

DATELINE: GENEVA, Aug. 1


By agreeing to the eventual elimination of billions of dollars of farm subsides
early Sunday morning, the World Trade Organization began to make good on its
insistence that wealthy nations end the dumping of subsidized food on the global
market.

The framework agreement they reached, representing a midway point in talks to
change world trade rules, also served as a reminder that multinational
organizations can at times be effective. The accord came nearly a year after the
spectacular failure of the previous effort in Cancun, Mexico, at a low point in
international relations splintered by the Iraq war. Officials are hoping for a
successful conclusion in 2006.

While there were no Champagne toasts here -- exhausted delegates rushed to their
cars, intent on a good night's sleep -- there was a sense of a job well done.
Supachai Panitchpakdi, the director general of the World Trade Organization,
said this was a ''truly historic'' achievement.

But in this year of American elections and lingering trans-Atlantic friction,
that message was muted by competing interpretations of what this framework
agreement would mean for farmers in wealthier as well as poor countries.

For developing countries that had succeeded in transforming the seemingly dull
issue of farm subsidies into an international cause celebre complete with
rock-star patronage, it was a moment of triumph. The global campaign --
amplified by the World Bank, the United Nations and the charity Oxfam
International -- helped push representatives of the advanced economies to give
in to pleas to cut back some of their $300 billion in annual subsidies and
supports that have pushed down commodity prices, impoverished farmers in the
developing world and prevented them from competing on the world market.

The European Union agreed unequivocally to eliminate its export subsidies,
easily the most detested of all agricultural subsidies. The United States agreed
to cut back its export credits, some of its cotton subsidies and to make a 20
percent reduction in some of its $19 billion in subsidies of corn, wheat, rice
and soybeans the first year the rules go into effect.

''This is the beginning of the end of all subsidies,'' said Celso Amorim, the
Brazilian foreign minister, who became a star of the negotiations. ''Export
subsidies are now gone, and trade-distorting domestic subsidies are on their way
out.''

Mr. Amorim's influence came from his role as spokesman for a powerful new bloc
of developing countries and from the lawsuits Brazil has brought to World Trade
Organization tribunals against the United States and the European Union.

Those cases, one that led to a ruling against some American cotton subsidies and
another pending against European sugar subsidies, helped convince rich countries
that the global market was changing quickly, and that farm subsidies that
spurred a nation's exports could become a thing of the past even without new
trade rules.

Pascal Lamy, the European Union trade commissioner, agreed. ''Yes, of course, I
think it helped,'' Mr. Lamy said, adding, ''Obviously, the U.S. had to give
ground on cotton and we have to give ground on sugar.''

But Robert B. Zoellick, the United States trade representative, denied that
Brazil's suits had any effect on the talks here.

That was one of several points where the United States and Europe disagree.
Their positions reflected increasingly divergent paths on how to help their
farmers, who will have a harder time competing with countries like Brazil and
Argentina that do not need to subsidize their own farmers.

Mr. Zoellick pointedly ignored Mr. Lamy's contention that the United States must
eventually follow the European program that is slowly transferring farm
subsidies for the production of commodities into subsidies to protect the
environment, food security, rural development and animal welfare.

The Europeans, without the vast national park system of the United States,
maintain that they must protect the countryside to preserve their countries'
lifestyles, and the tourism trade it attracts. As a result, the European Union
has begun promoting such programs even though they may eventually hurt exports.

The direction of the United States farm policy is less clear but seems headed in
the opposite direction. In recent budget cuts, Congress kept in place the
subsidies for commodities -- at least a third of that being exports -- and cut
money for environmental programs.

An early effort by Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman to begin changing the
direction of subsidies was squashed by Republican leaders in Congress, some of
whom successfully bartered their votes to give the president expedited trade
authority in return for the 2002 farm bill, which reversed course and increased
farm subsidies.

At a news conference after the talks, Mr. Zoellick made clear that American
farmers and their representatives would continue looking to exports as a key to
prosperity. Indeed, he said the United States would cut some domestic subsidies
by ''up to 50 percent if I get market access.''

While the accord reached here promised that the largest tariffs would be cut the
most, a formula that vastly benefits the United States and was a top priority
for Mr. Zoellick, it did not include details on how much tariffs would be
reduced. Those negotiations were postponed, as were decisions on the details of
tariff cuts on industrial products.

American political reaction was swift. While Mr. Zoellick praised President Bush
for giving him the mandate to reach this accord, Democrats took aim at what was
missing from it.

In e-mail statements, Senator Tom Daschle of South Dakota, the minority leader,
said that the accord undermined struggling family farmers, and Representative
Sander M. Levin, Democrat of Michigan, said the agreement lacked any hope for
laid-off workers in his state.

''In every deal, there are winners and losers,'' Mr. Daschle said. ''In this
deal, big agribusiness has won and family farmers in South Dakota and across the
country have lost. It appears the Bush administration is selling out our farmers
at the negotiating table.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The U.S. negotiator, Robert B. Zoellick, after accord was
reached. (Photo by Fabrice Coffrini/Associated Press)(pg. C9)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Al-Ahram Weekly

                                 April 9, 2013

'The right way, not right away'

LENGTH: 1235  words


With worldwide energy subsidies amounting to some $1.9 trillion annually, an IMF
report has suggested ways of lifting the burden, writes Sherine Abdel-Razek


An inflated energy subsidies bill is not only Egypt's problem. Governments'
spending on making energy products more affordable for their populations
represents 2.25 per cent of world GDP and eight per cent of governments'
revenues, according to a recently released IMF report. Entitled "Energy Subsidy
Reform - Lessons and Implications", the report estimates that energy subsidies
amount to a staggering $1.9 trillion annually worldwide.


Speaking on the release of the report, IMF First Deputy Managing Director David
Lipton said that 20 countries maintained pre-tax energy subsidies that exceeded
five per cent of their GDP, while in other emerging and developing countries the
share of scarce government resources spent on subsidies remained "a stumbling
block" to higher growth.
Energy subsidies, according to the report, also reinforce inequality because
they mostly benefit upper-income groups, which are the biggest consumers of
energy. "On average, the richest 20 per cent of households in low- and
middle-income countries capture 43 per cent of fuel subsidies," Lipton said.
The report is based on studying 28 cases of energy subsidy reforms in different
countries. Some countries have more than one case, as in Indonesia where four
cases are covered by the study. In 14 of the cases reported on there was an
IMF-supported reform programme in place, and subsidies reform was conditional in
12 of those cases.
Some of the programmes showed a decline in the percentage of subsidies relative
to GDP in countries applying reforms or turning state-owned energy enterprises
to profit. Out of the 28 reform episodes looked at, 12 were classified as
successes, 11 as partial successes, often because of reversals or incomplete
implementation, and five as unsuccessful.
Through analysing the 28 cases covered, the report indicates those policies that
made the success of the reform programmes achievable.
In Iran, successful fuel subsidy reform took place in 2010 as a result of a
comprehensive reform programme that incorporated clear objectives, compensating
measures, and a timetable for reform, preceded by an extensive public-relations
campaign.
Moreover, bank accounts were opened for most citizens prior to the reform and
compensating cash transfers deposited into these accounts preceding the
implementation of price increases.
The successful cases also included a clear assessment of the impact of the
reforms. In Ghana in 2005, the government commissioned an independent poverty
and social impact analysis to assess winners and losers from fuel subsidies and
subsidy removal.

A far-reaching communications campaign can also help to generate broad political
and public support for subsidy reform, the report found. Experiences showed that
the likelihood of success almost tripled with strong public support and
proactive public communications.
The case of Uganda is proof of this, since in this country the government
focused on explaining the cost of the electricity subsidy and its incidence to
the public. As a consequence, a large proportion of the country's media
considered the raising of tariffs to be a pro-poor measure, guaranteeing public
approval.
Phasing-in price increases and sequencing them are also prerequisites for a
successful reform programme, as is shown in cases presented in the report. The
success of reforms depends on the magnitude of the price increases required to
eliminate subsidies, the political and social context in which reforms are being
undertaken, and the availability of social safety nets.
In the cases looked at, successful and partially successful subsidy reforms
required about five years on average.
In Namibia, subsidies were removed steadily according to a three-year reform
plan. In Brazil, the government pursued a step-by-step approach to reforming
petroleum subsidies during the 1990s in order to minimise opposition from key
interest groups.
According to the report, price increases can also be sequenced differently
across energy products. For example, petroleum price increases can initially be
larger for products that are consumed more by higher-income groups and by
industry, such as gasoline and jet kerosene.
In Brazil, petroleum product reforms started by liberalising prices for
petroleum products used primarily by industry, followed by a more extensive
liberalisation of gasoline prices and finally diesel prices.
Improving the efficiency of state-owned enterprises can reduce the fiscal burden
of the energy sector. Energy producers often receive substantial budgetary
resources, both in terms of current and capital transfers, to compensate for
inefficiencies in production and revenue collection. Improvements in efficiency
can strengthen the financial position of these enterprises and reduce the need
for transfers.
Another means to sell the reform programmes is to adopt measures to mitigate the
impact of energy price increases on the poor.
Out of the 28 reform episodes looked at in the report, 18 relied on targeted
mitigating measures including the expansion of public works, education, and
health programmes in poor areas.

Cash transfers targeting the poorest can also be used. When cash transfers are
not feasible, other programmes can be expanded, including school meals, public
works and reductions in education and health-user fees.
Kenya subsidised connection costs in place of electricity price subsidies, which
helped expand coverage to poor households and those in remote and rural areas.

While ballooning subsidies are a burden on the international economy, reducing
them has to be done carefully in order to limit effects on the poor. "Subsidy
reform is needed, but it is better to do it the right way, than to do it right
away," Lipton said.
The report also highlights a number of problems that hinder the success of
subsidy reform programmes.
The lack of data about the magnitude and shortcomings of subsidies top the list,
such as when populations are unaware of how domestic energy prices compare with
international market prices and the consequences of low energy prices for both
the budget and economic efficiency. In these cases, it can be hard for them to
accept reforms that could increase their cost of living.
Lack of government credibility is another problem, as populations in countries
with a history of corruption, lack of transparency in the conduct of public
policy, and perceived inefficiencies in public spending, have little confidence
that governments will use savings from subsidy reforms wisely.
Concerns about the effects of reforms on the poor are one of the main
impediments to subsidy reforms.
Such reforms can negatively affect the real incomes of the poor, both through
higher energy costs of cooking, heating, lighting, and personal transport, as
well as in terms of higher prices for other goods and services, including food.
Things worsen in countries where there is no well-functioning social safety net.

Other problems include fears of impacts on inflation, international
competitiveness, and the volatility of domestic energy prices. There can also be
opposition from specific interest groups benefiting from the status quo, and
weak macroeconomic conditions make reforms harder to swallow, the report said.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 914


                    Copyright 2013 Al-Ahram Publishing House
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 2, 1988 Thursday

Ridiculous claim

BYLINE: C. A. Gracey; GAM

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


I am disappointed that The Globe and Mail so eagerly reported that Prime
Minister Brian Mulroney erred in his comments about the relative size of
European Community and Canadian farm subsidies (Mulroney Is Livid About
News Stories On Farm Subsidies - May 28). In fact, he was overly generous
in suggesting that Canada was in a Junior B league relative to the EC.

EC farm subsidies vastly exceed anything in Canada. The problem of
comparison arises with the report of the Organization for Economic Co-
operation and Development and the suspect methodology for calculating
production subsidies.

The claim that 45.7 per cent of Canadian farm income is received in the
form of subsidies is ridiculous. Canadian gross farm income in 1987 was in
the order of $22-billion. If 45.7 per cent of that was received in the
form of subsidies, that means Canadian farmers took about $12-billion in
market returns and $10-billion in subsidies. The most cursory glance at
the sources of farm cash income in this nation shows how wrong this
estimate is.

I know whereof I speak in regard to the beef industry. The OECD report
states that in 1986 the cattle and veal industry in Canada received 52.1
per cent of its income in the form of subsidies. That figure is
outrageously inflated. Reliable Canadian estimates indicate that the total
subsidization of the Canadian beef industry in 1986, including all direct
and indirect subsidies and transfers, did not exceed 10 per cent of the
value of production.

There are other serious errors and misrepresentations in the European
assertions. Most of the special grain subsidies furnished to Canadian
grain producers in the past two years were in reaction to earlier huge
production and export programs of the EC. Even the flawed OECD report
clearly confirms that Canada has been forced to react to earlier, larger
EC subsidies. Are EC officials really surprised that Canada defends
Canadian farmers against their predatory and injurious practices?

Even in our supply-managed sector, Canadian farmers do not create
unmanageable surpluses that have to be dumped on world markets with the
aid of export subsidies, as does the EC.
  C. A. Gracey
 Executive Vice-President
 Canadian Cattlemen's Association
  Toronto

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               guelphmercury.com

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Subsidies of $684 billion helped rack up government debt

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 756 words


Ever wonder how Canada's net federal debt reached $671 billion by 2013? Or how
net provincial debt among the provinces ended up at $509 billion that same year?

Wonder no more. It's partially due to massive subsidies to corporations,
government businesses and even consumers that over three decades amounted to
$684 billion.

Statistics Canada once collected useful information about such taxpayer-funded
government subsidies. The subsidies include funding for corporations (think
selected automotive and aerospace companies), or Crown corporations like Via
Rail, or a government-owned ferry system to subsidize consumers' ferry rides.

Statistics Canada stopped tallying the numbers in 2009, but by looking at what
is available from 1981 (and adjusting for inflation to 2013 dollars to get
apple-to-apple comparisons), some useful statistics pop out.

For example, the biggest subsidies dished out using taxpayer dollars came
courtesy of Ottawa, with $343 billion spent on private corporations, government
businesses, and consumers in that almost-three decade period.

Next up with a big subsidy bill were the provinces. Collectively, they spent
$287 billion between 1981 and 2009. Local governments were third with more than
$54 billion spent on subsidies in those three categories over almost three
decades.

Regrettably, Statistics Canada does not provide a breakdown for how much of the
$684 billion was spent (i.e. how much went to private businesses versus
government businesses versus consumers). That is unfortunate, as more details
here would allow Canadians to debate which types of subsidies are useful.

For example, it's one thing for a government to subsidize the electricity and
heating bills of low-income Canadians (a consumer subsidy); it's quite another
to subsidize private and government businesses.

Here is where other sources were more helpful in teasing out how governments
subsidize and where. For example, Alberta and Ontario spent a lot on subsidies
in the 1981-2009 period ($49.9 billion and $46.7 billion respectively).
According to provincial budget documents, a "chunk" of those figures reflect
provincially mandated subsidies from provincially owned utilities that help
lower consumer heating and electricity bills.

In other cases, such as in Alberta in the 1980s, subsidies to businesses were
substantial, as is evident from a review of provincial budget documents from the
period. However, by the late 1990s, annual spending on subsidies (including
business subsidies) in Alberta declined by more than 90 per cent when compared
with the highest-spending years in the early 1980s (from a high of $4.1 billion
in 1983 to a low of $291 million in 1996).

A similar decline in the 1990s took place in Ontario and appears driven by a
political promise. In the 1994 Common Sense Revolution party platform from the
then-opposition Progressive Conservatives, the party committed to reducing
business and other subsidies. Once in power, the Mike Harris government reduced
overall spending on subsidies to $475 million by 1999 from a decade high of $1.8
billion in 1991 under the previous government.

Then there is Quebec. According to my conversation with Statistics Canada
officials, its subsidies were driven mainly by transfers to corporations and
government-owned businesses (and not much to consumers). They were costly
transfers, at $115.5 billion between 1981 and 2009.

Again, using other sources to gain a glimpse of where some money went, and back
to the federal books using Industry Canada data, it turns out $3.3 billion went
to one company, Pratt & Whitney. And using Via Rail annual reports (as an
example of a government business), subsidies to that Crown corporation from the
federal government amounted to $4.5 billion.

But back to the "big data" from Statistics Canada. The subsidies were equivalent
to $3,268 per taxpayer - every person who paid income tax in 1984. The
lowest-cost year was 1998 when the equivalent cost per taxpayer was $797.

In the last available statistical year, the 2008/09 fiscal year (before the
massive bailout for General Motors and Chrysler kicked in), the equivalent cost
per taxpayer was $1,507.

While few would object to some government subsidies - say to low-income
consumers to heat their homes - others, such as subsidies to corporations, are
something less than prudent.

In the future, one hopes Statistics Canada returns to crunching some of these
numbers again, and in more detail. That would help the public, politicians, and
media better debate and prioritize government spending.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          November 15, 1989 Wednesday

Canadian, U.S. negotiators take a stab at establishing new   rules for subsidies

BYLINE: JENNIFER LEWINGTON and MADELAINE DROHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 943 words


BY  JENNIFER LEWINGTON and MADELAINE DROHAN
 The Globe and Mail
    Canada and the United States square off in Washington today for their
first crack at writing new rules on subsidies - an economic irritant with
strong political overtones.

The two top negotiators, Tony Halliday for Canada and Ann Hughes for
the United States, hold their first working meeting without a precise
mandate from their governments. The session opens in the sure knowledge
that the real talks will begin after the Uruguay Round of trade talks -
once the two sides see what, if any, multilateral rules emerge to curb
subsidy practices.

In the dying moments of the free-trade negotiations, Canada and the
United States agreed to bilateral talks on subsidies over the next five to
seven years because they could not resolve their differences on whether
subsidies - in any form - are acceptable. Canada and the United States
have deep philosophical differences over the subsidy issue, which
highlight the different role of government in each country.

At this stage, there is little agreement, even among experts, about
what is a subsidy. In addition, Canada is more overt in its use of
government aid to industry, while the United States is more opaque, but no
less effective.

That difference explains, in part, why the issue is so politically
charged in both countries. U.S. critics, many of them in Congress, regard
Canada as subsidy-mad and are blind to U.S. subsidy practices, especially
evident at the city and state level. In Canada, there is a broad concern
that the United States will take dead-aim at Canadian social programs in
the name of subsidy reform.

Mr. Halliday, a senior External Affairs trade official who is Canadian
chairman of the subsidies and trade remedies working group, said in an
interview that the subsidy talks 'will not affect the fabric of the
nation.'
   And, he added, 'social programs are not at stake.'
   Under the free-trade agreement, the two countries have an interim
deadline of mid-1991 to report progress in their talks. A subsidy deal
submitted to Congress by that date would have to be accepted or rejected
in whole without amendment, under the so-called 'fast-track' authority.

Mr. Halliday said Canada would not be stampeded just to meet a
Congress-set deadline. 'We would not preclude reaching agreement by June,
1991, but I would not personally want to lay much on that.'
   However, Ms Hughes, a deputy assistant secretary of Commerce and a
negotiator in the free-trade talks, said: 'I hope we will bring back an
agreement in that time period.'
   She also said that U.S. negotiators 'will pay strict attention' to
congressional concerns about the subsidy issue - as laid out in the
'statement of administration action' negotiated between Congress and the
Reagan administration as a price for acceptance of the bilateral deal.

The statement says 'the administration has no higher priority than the
elimination of Canadian subsidies that adversely affect U.S. industries.'
The pledge makes no reference to the United States removing any of its
offending practices.

At a recent conference in Toronto on the subsidy issue, Washington
trade lawyer Gary Horlick, who has represented the Canadian government and
other Canadian interests, suggested that the negotiators aim to limit
subsidies, given that their complete removal is politically impossible.

He also warned that Canada will not make much headway in the talks
until it persuades the United States that it subsidizes as well.

One Canadian official described today's meeting in Washington as
'coma-inducing' for the simple reason that the two sides have so much
leg-work to do in identifying subsidy practices and agreeing on common
language in the months ahead.

Mr. Horlick suggested that Canada can win U.S. attention on the subsidy
issue by filing numerous countervailing duty petitions against imports
from the United States. 'The U.S. is not about to negotiate any
constraints on its countervail law because it's a one-edged sword. Until
the U.S. thinks it's a two-edged sword, why should we restrain it?'
   In theory, the complete removal of government subsidies in all forms in
both countries eliminates the need for a countervailing duty law. In the
free-trade talks, Canadian negotiators tried unsuccessfully to win an
exemption from U.S. trade remedy laws since they are viewed in Canada as a
form of harrassment against exporters.

Prodded by domestic interests, the U.S. Congress strongly opposed any
change in U.S. trade remedy laws on the grounds that Canada would find
other ways of subsidizing exports to the United States.

Whether in the multilateral or bilateral talks, trade negotiators face
the knotty problem of defining what is and is not a subsidy. At the
Toronto conference, Michael Hart, a former Canadian official who was a
negotiator in the bilateral talks, suggested the two countries set a
higher threshold for triggering a countervailing duty case.

For instance, U.S. trade law ignores a subsidy when it accounts for
less than one-half per cent of the economic impact. Mr. Hart suggested
raising that level to 5 per cent.

However, such compromises are well down the road. Mr. Halliday, a 25-
year veteran of Canadian trade policy who also served in the Geneva
secretariat of the General Agreement of Tariffs and Trade in the mid-
1960s, raised the possibility that Canada may meet its bilateral
objectives in the multilateral trade talks.

'For this reason, we consider that it makes eminent sense to await the  results
of the Uruguay Round (expected to conclude by 1991)."

However, Canadian negotiators may not be given that luxury if Congress
and U.S. domestic interests pressure the Bush administration for an early
deal with Canada.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

The WTO's decision to end agricultural export subsidies is good news for farmers
and consumers

LENGTH: 1136  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: mrookings Institution has issued the following news release:



   When I started to work in development cooperation in the late 1980s,
one-third of EU agricultural subsidies--about 10 billion euros annually
(equivalent to about 17 billion euros today)--were spent on export subsidies.
The EU Common Agricultural Policy was a central planning system with
administratively fixed intervention prices for major commodities, huge stocks of
cereals and milk products, and high import tariffs. It felt like the West's
imitation of Soviet-style central planning. Paradoxically, despite a sharp
increase in subsidies, farmers kept complaining. The main reason being that the
EU intervention agencies largely deprived farmers of their rights to work as
real entrepreneurs in free markets.





 In December 2015 at the World Trade Organization's (WTO) 10th Ministerial
Conference in Nairobi, members finally agreed that export subsidies for
agriculture would be abolished. The agreement from December 19, 2015 states that
"developed country members shall immediately eliminate their remaining scheduled
export subsidy entitlements as of the date of adoption of this decision" and
"developing country members shall eliminate their export subsidy entitlements by
the end of 2018." WTO members also "undertake not to provide export credit,
export credit guarantees, or insurance programs" for agricultural products. This
is the final step in a long journey to end an absurd and harmful system of
economic policymaking.



 Why did the EU agree to abolish export subsidies and the U.S. agree to abolish
export credits? These were important export promotion instruments in the past.
Farming lobby groups loved them. Governments in poor, food-importing countries
also liked the cheap imported food for people who otherwise could take to the
streets. Export subsidies (direct payments, export loans, tax benefits) are
distorting market prices leading to higher-than-market prices and surplus
production in exporting countries and lower prices and less production in
importing countries. In the short term, consumers in importing countries benefit
from low food prices. In the long-term, this system undermines competitiveness
of food production in both exporting and importing countries.



 What is the political economy of this system that has harmed so many and
benefited so few? Why did it take so long to eliminate export bans?

 Ending subsidies: A long time coming



 Export subsidies allowed EU exporters to gain market share in developing
countries, put downward pressure on the level of world market prices, and to
compete unfairly with local producers in many developing countries. At the same
time the EU became a net exporter of agricultural products with price levels far
beyond world market prices for many commodities, resulting in huge stocks and
budget needs. The EU Common Agricultural Policy has been reformed during the
last 20 years with less market intervention, fewer stocks, and hence less need
for export subsidies. The EU first agreed to phase out export subsidies in Doha
in 2001, but it took until December 2015 to fully eliminate them. As it is,
export subsidies no longer matter for the EU (see Figure 1). At the same, time
emerging economies began showing growing appetite to introduce export subsidies,
including China (cotton), India (sugar), Vietnam and Thailand (rice), due to
increasing levels of domestic producer support and consequently rising stocks.

 Figure 1: The long journey to end agricultural export - EU agricultural export
subsidies, 1990 - 2010



 The long journey to end agricultural export EU agricultural export subsidies,
1990 - 2010



 Source: OECD Database.



 In the late 1980s, when export subsidies started to reach their peak, I worked
on livestock development in Western Africa--in Togo, Cote d'Ivoire and Burkina
Faso. When I first travelled to the border between Togo and Burkina Faso I
followed trucks selling imported chicken meat on local markets without the use
of cooling facilities. There were no precautions for proper hygiene, packaging,
handling, or refrigeration, with retail prices far too low for local meat
producers to compete. These meat imports ruined all parallel efforts to develop
and commercialize local meat value chains in the region to improve breeding,
feeding, and animal health.

 Figure 2: Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets



 Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets. A health
risk for the population.



 Source: ACT Alliance



 As a son of a farmer, this disastrous impact of EU export subsidies frustrated
me. Cheap imports below production costs undermined the development prospects of
local producers. Even worse, they destroyed traditional trade relations between
livestock producers in the Sahel region and crop producers near the coast. The
traditional livestock system in West Africa depends on seasonal movements of
animals between complementary agro-ecological zones. This system is producing
about 70 percent of the region's milk, 65 percent of the cattle meat, and 40
percent of mutton and goat meat.



 Economists, environmental and development NGO's, and aid organizations would
easily agree that subsidized imports below market prices effectively undermine
development prospects of livestock in West Africa. But it took 20 years--and the
overhaul of the EU Common Agricultural Policy--to abolish this bad practice of
export subsidies.



 One of the major reasons why it took so long to abolish export subsidies is
that policymakers in developed countries tend to care more about farmers, while
policymakers in developing countries think more about consumers. Food prices are
political issues in poor countries for poor people and may lead to political
turmoil. In developed countries and emerging economies, food prices are
political issues for farmers. This explains why farm subsidies are generally
higher in developed countries and lower--even sometimes negative in real
terms--in poor countries.



 This means reforms don't end in Nairobi. To put farmers in the world on an
equal and fair footing, further production subsidy cuts are needed. The Nairobi
decision is an important signal for policymakers in emerging markets that export
subsidies are the least-best solution to support farming interests. Farmers all
over the world are willing and able to work hard and to act as real
entrepreneurs in competitive local markets and, increasingly, in global value
chains. Subsidies for farmers in rich countries and emerging economies undermine
fair trade and agricultural development perspectives in poor food-importing
countries.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

The WTO's decision to end agricultural export subsidies is good news for farmers
and consumers

LENGTH: 1136  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: mrookings Institution has issued the following news release:



   When I started to work in development cooperation in the late 1980s,
one-third of EU agricultural subsidies--about 10 billion euros annually
(equivalent to about 17 billion euros today)--were spent on export subsidies.
The EU Common Agricultural Policy was a central planning system with
administratively fixed intervention prices for major commodities, huge stocks of
cereals and milk products, and high import tariffs. It felt like the West's
imitation of Soviet-style central planning. Paradoxically, despite a sharp
increase in subsidies, farmers kept complaining. The main reason being that the
EU intervention agencies largely deprived farmers of their rights to work as
real entrepreneurs in free markets.





 In December 2015 at the World Trade Organization's (WTO) 10th Ministerial
Conference in Nairobi, members finally agreed that export subsidies for
agriculture would be abolished. The agreement from December 19, 2015 states that
"developed country members shall immediately eliminate their remaining scheduled
export subsidy entitlements as of the date of adoption of this decision" and
"developing country members shall eliminate their export subsidy entitlements by
the end of 2018." WTO members also "undertake not to provide export credit,
export credit guarantees, or insurance programs" for agricultural products. This
is the final step in a long journey to end an absurd and harmful system of
economic policymaking.



 Why did the EU agree to abolish export subsidies and the U.S. agree to abolish
export credits? These were important export promotion instruments in the past.
Farming lobby groups loved them. Governments in poor, food-importing countries
also liked the cheap imported food for people who otherwise could take to the
streets. Export subsidies (direct payments, export loans, tax benefits) are
distorting market prices leading to higher-than-market prices and surplus
production in exporting countries and lower prices and less production in
importing countries. In the short term, consumers in importing countries benefit
from low food prices. In the long-term, this system undermines competitiveness
of food production in both exporting and importing countries.



 What is the political economy of this system that has harmed so many and
benefited so few? Why did it take so long to eliminate export bans?

 Ending subsidies: A long time coming



 Export subsidies allowed EU exporters to gain market share in developing
countries, put downward pressure on the level of world market prices, and to
compete unfairly with local producers in many developing countries. At the same
time the EU became a net exporter of agricultural products with price levels far
beyond world market prices for many commodities, resulting in huge stocks and
budget needs. The EU Common Agricultural Policy has been reformed during the
last 20 years with less market intervention, fewer stocks, and hence less need
for export subsidies. The EU first agreed to phase out export subsidies in Doha
in 2001, but it took until December 2015 to fully eliminate them. As it is,
export subsidies no longer matter for the EU (see Figure 1). At the same, time
emerging economies began showing growing appetite to introduce export subsidies,
including China (cotton), India (sugar), Vietnam and Thailand (rice), due to
increasing levels of domestic producer support and consequently rising stocks.

 Figure 1: The long journey to end agricultural export - EU agricultural export
subsidies, 1990 - 2010



 The long journey to end agricultural export EU agricultural export subsidies,
1990 - 2010



 Source: OECD Database.



 In the late 1980s, when export subsidies started to reach their peak, I worked
on livestock development in Western Africa--in Togo, Cote d'Ivoire and Burkina
Faso. When I first travelled to the border between Togo and Burkina Faso I
followed trucks selling imported chicken meat on local markets without the use
of cooling facilities. There were no precautions for proper hygiene, packaging,
handling, or refrigeration, with retail prices far too low for local meat
producers to compete. These meat imports ruined all parallel efforts to develop
and commercialize local meat value chains in the region to improve breeding,
feeding, and animal health.

 Figure 2: Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets



 Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets. A health
risk for the population.



 Source: ACT Alliance



 As a son of a farmer, this disastrous impact of EU export subsidies frustrated
me. Cheap imports below production costs undermined the development prospects of
local producers. Even worse, they destroyed traditional trade relations between
livestock producers in the Sahel region and crop producers near the coast. The
traditional livestock system in West Africa depends on seasonal movements of
animals between complementary agro-ecological zones. This system is producing
about 70 percent of the region's milk, 65 percent of the cattle meat, and 40
percent of mutton and goat meat.



 Economists, environmental and development NGO's, and aid organizations would
easily agree that subsidized imports below market prices effectively undermine
development prospects of livestock in West Africa. But it took 20 years--and the
overhaul of the EU Common Agricultural Policy--to abolish this bad practice of
export subsidies.



 One of the major reasons why it took so long to abolish export subsidies is
that policymakers in developed countries tend to care more about farmers, while
policymakers in developing countries think more about consumers. Food prices are
political issues in poor countries for poor people and may lead to political
turmoil. In developed countries and emerging economies, food prices are
political issues for farmers. This explains why farm subsidies are generally
higher in developed countries and lower--even sometimes negative in real
terms--in poor countries.



 This means reforms don't end in Nairobi. To put farmers in the world on an
equal and fair footing, further production subsidy cuts are needed. The Nairobi
decision is an important signal for policymakers in emerging markets that export
subsidies are the least-best solution to support farming interests. Farmers all
over the world are willing and able to work hard and to act as real
entrepreneurs in competitive local markets and, increasingly, in global value
chains. Subsidies for farmers in rich countries and emerging economies undermine
fair trade and agricultural development perspectives in poor food-importing
countries.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

The WTO's decision to end agricultural export subsidies is good news for farmers
and consumers

LENGTH: 1136  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: mrookings Institution has issued the following news release:



   When I started to work in development cooperation in the late 1980s,
one-third of EU agricultural subsidies--about 10 billion euros annually
(equivalent to about 17 billion euros today)--were spent on export subsidies.
The EU Common Agricultural Policy was a central planning system with
administratively fixed intervention prices for major commodities, huge stocks of
cereals and milk products, and high import tariffs. It felt like the West's
imitation of Soviet-style central planning. Paradoxically, despite a sharp
increase in subsidies, farmers kept complaining. The main reason being that the
EU intervention agencies largely deprived farmers of their rights to work as
real entrepreneurs in free markets.





 In December 2015 at the World Trade Organization's (WTO) 10th Ministerial
Conference in Nairobi, members finally agreed that export subsidies for
agriculture would be abolished. The agreement from December 19, 2015 states that
"developed country members shall immediately eliminate their remaining scheduled
export subsidy entitlements as of the date of adoption of this decision" and
"developing country members shall eliminate their export subsidy entitlements by
the end of 2018." WTO members also "undertake not to provide export credit,
export credit guarantees, or insurance programs" for agricultural products. This
is the final step in a long journey to end an absurd and harmful system of
economic policymaking.



 Why did the EU agree to abolish export subsidies and the U.S. agree to abolish
export credits? These were important export promotion instruments in the past.
Farming lobby groups loved them. Governments in poor, food-importing countries
also liked the cheap imported food for people who otherwise could take to the
streets. Export subsidies (direct payments, export loans, tax benefits) are
distorting market prices leading to higher-than-market prices and surplus
production in exporting countries and lower prices and less production in
importing countries. In the short term, consumers in importing countries benefit
from low food prices. In the long-term, this system undermines competitiveness
of food production in both exporting and importing countries.



 What is the political economy of this system that has harmed so many and
benefited so few? Why did it take so long to eliminate export bans?

 Ending subsidies: A long time coming



 Export subsidies allowed EU exporters to gain market share in developing
countries, put downward pressure on the level of world market prices, and to
compete unfairly with local producers in many developing countries. At the same
time the EU became a net exporter of agricultural products with price levels far
beyond world market prices for many commodities, resulting in huge stocks and
budget needs. The EU Common Agricultural Policy has been reformed during the
last 20 years with less market intervention, fewer stocks, and hence less need
for export subsidies. The EU first agreed to phase out export subsidies in Doha
in 2001, but it took until December 2015 to fully eliminate them. As it is,
export subsidies no longer matter for the EU (see Figure 1). At the same, time
emerging economies began showing growing appetite to introduce export subsidies,
including China (cotton), India (sugar), Vietnam and Thailand (rice), due to
increasing levels of domestic producer support and consequently rising stocks.

 Figure 1: The long journey to end agricultural export - EU agricultural export
subsidies, 1990 - 2010



 The long journey to end agricultural export EU agricultural export subsidies,
1990 - 2010



 Source: OECD Database.



 In the late 1980s, when export subsidies started to reach their peak, I worked
on livestock development in Western Africa--in Togo, Cote d'Ivoire and Burkina
Faso. When I first travelled to the border between Togo and Burkina Faso I
followed trucks selling imported chicken meat on local markets without the use
of cooling facilities. There were no precautions for proper hygiene, packaging,
handling, or refrigeration, with retail prices far too low for local meat
producers to compete. These meat imports ruined all parallel efforts to develop
and commercialize local meat value chains in the region to improve breeding,
feeding, and animal health.

 Figure 2: Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets



 Frozen chicken pieces from Europe on display in Cameroonian markets. A health
risk for the population.



 Source: ACT Alliance



 As a son of a farmer, this disastrous impact of EU export subsidies frustrated
me. Cheap imports below production costs undermined the development prospects of
local producers. Even worse, they destroyed traditional trade relations between
livestock producers in the Sahel region and crop producers near the coast. The
traditional livestock system in West Africa depends on seasonal movements of
animals between complementary agro-ecological zones. This system is producing
about 70 percent of the region's milk, 65 percent of the cattle meat, and 40
percent of mutton and goat meat.



 Economists, environmental and development NGO's, and aid organizations would
easily agree that subsidized imports below market prices effectively undermine
development prospects of livestock in West Africa. But it took 20 years--and the
overhaul of the EU Common Agricultural Policy--to abolish this bad practice of
export subsidies.



 One of the major reasons why it took so long to abolish export subsidies is
that policymakers in developed countries tend to care more about farmers, while
policymakers in developing countries think more about consumers. Food prices are
political issues in poor countries for poor people and may lead to political
turmoil. In developed countries and emerging economies, food prices are
political issues for farmers. This explains why farm subsidies are generally
higher in developed countries and lower--even sometimes negative in real
terms--in poor countries.



 This means reforms don't end in Nairobi. To put farmers in the world on an
equal and fair footing, further production subsidy cuts are needed. The Nairobi
decision is an important signal for policymakers in emerging markets that export
subsidies are the least-best solution to support farming interests. Farmers all
over the world are willing and able to work hard and to act as real
entrepreneurs in competitive local markets and, increasingly, in global value
chains. Subsidies for farmers in rich countries and emerging economies undermine
fair trade and agricultural development perspectives in poor food-importing
countries.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

Total cash subsidy payments in Iran hit $49.5 bln

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 277 words


Dec. 15--Total cash subsidy payments in Iran have reached 1,230 trillion rials
(about $49.5 billion) since the plan started in December 2010, ISNA reported on
December 15.

The 34th cash subsidy payment was deposited to banking accounts of breadwinners
of nearly 74.5 million Iranian families on Saturday night.

The subsidy reform plan pays out 455,000 rials (about $18 based on the U.S.
official exchange rate of 24,800 rials) to every Iranian, while eliminating
subsidies for fuels and some commodities.

The government of former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad implemented the first
stage of the subsidy reform plan towards the end of 2010 in an attempt to wean
the country off food and fuel subsidies. At the time, Ahmadinejad called it the
"biggest economic plan of the past 50 years".

It allows the government to gradually slash subsidies on fuel, electricity, and
certain goods over the course of five years, with low-income families being
compensated with direct cash handouts.

On October 13, the website of the Iranian parliament (Majlis) quoted MP Abbas
Rajaee as saying that more than 30 percent of cash subsidies, which are paid to
people in Iran, should be cut.

Through cutting cash subsidies of high-income strata of the society, the problem
of budget deficit can be resolved, he added.

Paying cash subsidies to people is poisonous for the national economy, he said.
Cutting subsidies of all but villagers and pensioners and those who are under
coverage of welfare organizations will not be problematic, he explained.

___ (c)2013 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131215-1AZ-Total-cash-subsidy
-payments-in-Iran-hit-49.5-bln-1215-20131215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2013


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    November 25, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

LCQ6: Electricity Charges Subsidy

LENGTH: 1039  words


Nov. 25 -- Following is a question by the Hon Wong Kwok-hing and a reply by the
Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury, Professor K C Chan, in the
Legislative Council today (November 25):

Question:

The Government introduced a total of four rounds of time-limited electricity
charges subsidy scheme (the scheme) in 2008, 2011, 2012 and 2013 respectively to
provide electricity charges subsidy to each residential electricity account. The
first three rounds of the scheme ended on June 30 this year, and the last round
will end on June 30 next year. In this connection, will the Government inform
this Council:

(1) of the balance of approved commitment, the number of the households which
did not use up the electricity charges subsidy and the average amount of unused
subsidy of such households, in each of the first three rounds of the scheme;
whether it has projected if there will be any remaining approved commitment when
the fourth round of the scheme ends; if it has projected, of the details;
whether it will consider distributing the balance of the approved commitment of
the various rounds of the scheme to the households concerned in the form of
cash; if it will consider, of the details; if not, the reasons for that;

(2) as some low-income families have relayed to me that the scheme helps reduce
their financial burden, whether the authorities will consider extending the
implementation period of the various rounds of the scheme to 10 years or until
the approved commitment is used up (whichever is earlier); if they will
consider, of the details; if not, the reasons for that; and

(3) as there are views that some members of the public may not pay heed to
reducing electricity consumption as there is still unused subsidy remaining in
their electricity accounts, whether the authorities will consider expanding the
coverage of the scheme by, for example, allowing members of the public to use
the subsidy to purchase energy-efficient electrical appliances so as to
encourage them to save energy; if they will consider, of the details; if not,
the reasons for that?

Reply:

President,

The Electricity Charges Subsidy Scheme (the Scheme) is one of the one-off relief
measures announced in the Budget of 2008-09, 2011-12, 2012-13 and 2013-14. The
Scheme provides a subsidy to over 2.5 million residential electricity account
holders in Hong Kong for payment of billed electricity charges. With the
approval of the Finance Committee (FC) of the Legislative Council, the
Government has so far provided four rounds of electricity charges subsidy with a
maximum total subsidy of $9,000 per residential electricity account. The
validity period of the Scheme has been extended to June 30, 2016 or until the
close of the relevant electricity accounts, whichever is earlier, lasting up to
94 months or about eight years.

My consolidated reply to the various parts of Hon Wong Kwok-hing's question is
as follows:

In 2008, a commitment of $8.8 billion was approved by FC for the Government to
implement the first round of the Scheme. Subsequently, the Government sought the
approval of FC for increasing the commitment for three times in 2011, 2012 and
2013 respectively for implementing the second to fourth rounds of the Scheme.
The total approved commitment for four rounds of the Scheme amounted to $22.3
billion and the outstanding commitment balance as at end October 2015 was about
$0.84 billion.

The Scheme has benefitted more than 2.5 million residential electricity account
holders in Hong Kong. According to the two electricity companies, over 90% of
the accounts had used up their subsidy under the Scheme as at end October 2015.
About 190,000 eligible active accounts still have unused subsidy of about $3,000
per account on average. Given the changing amount of unused subsidy of
individual accounts and their unpredictable electricity consumption in future,
we are unable to estimate the amount of outstanding approved commitment when the
Scheme expires on June 30, 2016. Even though a small number of accounts may not
fully utilise the subsidy, the electricity account holders should have already
enjoyed nearly eight years of free electricity supply by then.

We do not see any evident grounds to substantiate the claim that households may
tend to consume more electricity in order to use up the remaining balance of
subsidy before the Scheme expires, thus causing energy wastage. The Government
has always attached great importance to environmental protection. We hope that
households will, under all circumstances, be aware of the need to protect the
environment and continue to save energy.

According to the ambit approved by the FC and the scheme intent, the subsidy is
meant to be used to cover billed electricity charges under the same residential
electricity account. Suggestions such as paying out cash subsidy or expanding
the ambit of the Scheme to subsidise the public for purchasing higher energy
efficiency electrical appliances will deviate from the approved ambit of the
Scheme and the intent. There are also practical difficulties to implement.

As the Scheme is a one-off relief measure instead of a recurrent subsidy scheme,
it should have a time limit. Since the first round of the Scheme in 2008, the
Government has repeatedly extended the validity period of the Scheme to as long
as 94 months or about eight years. The subsidy was not meant to be a lump sum
cash grant but rather a subsidy for actual billed electricity charges within the
validity period. As such, we do not consider it appropriate to extend the Scheme
indefinitely or for an unreasonably long period.

We appreciate Members' concern about the arrangement of unused electricity
charges subsidy. There is still some time before the Scheme expires. Meanwhile,
residential electricity account holders may continue to use their unused subsidy
, if any, until June 30, 2016. We will keep in view the unused subsidy and
decide on the arrangements in the light of the overall economic situation and
the Government's fiscal position at a timely manner.

We will nevertheless continue to take into account the views of Members and
various sectors of the community on the arrangement of unused electricity
charges subsidy.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Fuel Subsidy Removal - Labour Threatens Mass Uprising

LENGTH: 1596  words

DATELINE: Lagos


THE Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has advised the Presidency to cut social
spending and jettison its planned fuel subsidy removal to avoid the wrath of
Nigerians and save the nation from social uprising.

It warned that indices that gave rise to the uprising in North Africa and the
Arab world were everywhere in Nigeria.

This came as strong indications emerged weekend that heads may roll in the oil
industry following the resolve of Senate Probe Panel on fuel subsidy to expose
the cartel in the alleged N1.5 trillion fuel subsidy fraud. The panel disclosed
that the Federal Government had been financing the fuel subsidy through a secret
account, adding that the government might spend over N1.3trillion on fuel
subsidy this year alone as against the N240 billion that was voted for it in the
2011 budget.

Meanwhile, employers in the country under the umbrella of Nigeria Employers
Consultative Association, NECA, will today state their position on the
controversial fuel subsidy removal.A statement by the body said "the
Director-General NECA will be having a press briefing on the fuel subsidy
removal. The briefing will throw more light on the actual position of the
Organised Private Sector on the removal of fuel subsidy."

Also, Bishop of Abeokuta Archdiocese, Martins Adewale and the Congress for
Progressive Change (CPC) tasked government on fixing of the nation's refineries.

Restating its opposition, organised labour said hijacking the private sector
forum and smuggling a fake endorsement for removal by the so-called private
sector would not make Nigerians accept such a calamity.

In a statement by its Acting General Secretary, Comrade Owei Lakemfa, NLC
implored the Federal Government to cut social spending instead of orchestrating
endorsement of its fuel subsidy removal plot.

The statement read: "The NLC advises the Presidency to learn from the October 15
Global Day of action against corporate greed and cut in social spending, rather
than orchestrate endorsement of its fuel subsidy removal gambit.

The global protests on Saturday is a red card for the ruinous programme of
subsidy removal and cuts in social spending and an indication that the North
African uprising is spreading. The Federal Government should face this reality
and address growing poverty, hunger and anger amongst the masses.

Hijacking the private sector forum and smuggling a fake endorsement removal will
not make Nigerians accept such a calamity. Save beneficiaries of government
largesse, no employers utilizing petroleum products will endorse subsidy
removal."

Speaking also on deregulation, National President of the National Union of
Petroleum and Natural Gas, NUPENG, Comrade Igwe Achese, said the timing for
deregulation was wrong in view of the fact that the Petroleum Industry Bill,
PIB, which embraces all activities of the oil sector had not been passed into
law.

He said the union would vehemently resist any form of deregulation that was
import driven, stressing the need for government to come up with specifics on
how to ensure that the local refining capacity was increased over a period of
time.

He also stressed the need for government to engage all stakeholders in the
economy and state categorically how it intended to use the proceeds from the
removal of fuel subsidy and how that decision would reduce poverty and
unemployment.

"NUPENG is not against deregulation; our position is that if government must
deregulate, it should not be import-driven. What we are against is import-driven
deregulation. We have already given government conditions for deregulation and
part of it is that the refineries must work optimally; government must make the
depots to function properly.

Currently, we are still haulaging when we have depots but because of pipeline
vandalism the depots are not functioning. Before government comes up with
deregulation policy, it must first pass the PIB which is all encompassing into
law", he said.

Speaking with journalists in Abuja, Co-chairman of the panel and Chairman Senate
Committee on Appropriation, Senator Ahmed Mohammed Maccido (PDP, Sokoto North)
said that the committee was prepared to unmask the persons described as a cartel
that had allegedly hijacked the subsidy.

Senate President David Mark had last Wednesday expressed concern over the
existence of a cartel which he said was milking the nation dry, and challenged
his colleagues to open up the sector for the overall interest of Nigerians.

He mandated the joint Senate committees on Appropriation, Petroleum and Finance
to immediately conduct full scale investigation into the alleged fuel subsidy
fraud following a motion by former governor of Kwara State, Senator Bukola
Saraki (PDP, Kwara Central) on conflicting expenditure profile of the Federal
Government on fuel subsidy.

Speaking further on what the panel intended doing, Maccido stressed that it
would not only step on toes, but also would go ahead to name the members of the
'cabal' that had been accused of milking the country dry.

Senator Maccido noted that though the subsidy was being financed from crude oil
sales, such spending was not captured in the budget, adding that the committee
had earlier raised such observation in a meeting with President Goodluck
Jonathan.

According him, funds for subsidy were being spent without recourse to the
National Assembly, just as he disclosed that the executive had at the last
meeting promised to 'make amend', adding that the Senate had not been given
details of where the subsidy being removed would be utilized.

"The thing here is there are lots of questions as to where the N1.3 trillion
came from because it has not even been appropriated by the National Assembly. We
learnt that it was money that was got from a particular sale. The money was
gotten from particular crude sales lawfully but unfortunately, the money was not
appropriated by the National Assembly.

We were not informed as to what that particular money was being kept aside for.
They just went ahead and used it for subsidy. If they had written a letter to
the National Assembly, informing us of the action they took, that would have
been better but it wasn't like that.

"We took up the issue with them when we met the President and his economic team
last Monday and I believe they were ready to make amends. As you are aware, we
budgeted N240 billion but the irony is that they have spent more than N1
trillion. So, you can imagine the difference between what we budgeted for and
what was expended."

On the way forward, he said: "The Senate has inaugurated a committee on this
particular issue. We are going to investigate it; we are going to find out where
those monies came from, we are going to find out how those monies are being
spent, if it's being spent rightly or not, we know what to do. In any case, I
believe this investigation will form a basis for our agreement as to whether
subsidy should be removed or not."

Relatedly, Bishop of Abeokuta Archdiocese, Martins Adewale, yesterday advised
the Federal Government to repair the country's refineries before implementing
its decision to remove fuel subsidy.

Adewale spoke as the CPC doubted the government's sincerity in doing the needful
with the expected proceeds.

In a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Engr. Rotimi Fashakin, the
CPC said little or nothing would be achieved with the fuel subsidy savings
without transparency.

Alleging that the government abused the privatisation programme, failed to
maintain the nation's four refineries and account for the proceeds of the Excess
Crude-oil Account, the party said the citizenry should not be punished for the
negligence of their leaders.

"Would the argument on 'subsidy' still make sense if the nation's refineries are
producing at optimal capacity? With the recent revelation that more money
(un-appropriated) is being spent on 'subsidy' than that budgeted for the current
financial year, are we not being deceived by this regime? With no sustained
welfare package for the Nigerian people in the critical areas of decent living,
would this proposed removal of the 'subsidy' not be at variance with Section 14
(b) of the Nigerian constitution which states that: 'the security and welfare of
the people shall be the primary purpose of government,' it said.

Meantime, former Governor of Lagos state, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and the national
chairman of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), Chief Bisi Akande, yesterday,
condemned the proposed removal of oil subsidy by the federal government.

The duo spoke separately with newsmen in Ado Ekiti shortly after attending the
thanksgiving service marking Governor Fayemi's one year in office. They said the
planned removal would further impoverish the masses.

Tinubu described the proposal as a misplaced priority and asked the federal
government to review the monthly allocation first in favour of the states before
thinking of removing oil subsidy.

Akande, however, said the federal government does not believe in transparency,
alleging that some people in government have been feeding fat on oil subsidy.
The former civilian governor of Osun State said rather than remove oil subsidy,
government should first put in place infrastructure such as good roads; pipe
borne water and good transit system.

In like manner, The Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) weekend cited the
judicious use of the money realised from fuel subsidy removal as a condition for
the Church to give its nod to government's decision to remove subsidy and
increase fuel price in 2012.

Reported by Clifford Ndujihe, Victor Ahiuma-Young, Henry Umoru, Gbenga Ariyibi
and Caleb Ayansina.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

Fuel Subsidy Removal - Labour Threatens Mass Uprising

BYLINE: Clifford Ndujihe, Victor Ahiuma-Young, Henry Umoru, Gbenga Ariyibi and
Caleb Ayansina

LENGTH: 1580  words

DATELINE: Lagos


THE Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, has advised the Presidency to cut social
spending and jettison its planned fuel subsidy removal to avoid the wrath of
Nigerians and save the nation from social uprising. It warned that indices that
gave rise to the uprising in North Africa and the Arab world were everywhere in
Nigeria.

This came as strong indications emerged weekend that heads may roll in the oil
industry following the resolve of Senate Probe Panel on fuel subsidy to expose
the cartel in the alleged N1.5 trillion fuel subsidy fraud. The panel disclosed
that the Federal Government had been financing the fuel subsidy through a secret
account, adding that the government might spend over N1.3trillion on fuel
subsidy this year alone as against the N240 billion that was voted for it in the
2011 budget.

Meanwhile, employers in the country under the umbrella of Nigeria Employers
Consultative Association, NECA, will today state their position on the
controversial fuel subsidy removal.A statement by the body said "the
Director-General NECA will be having a press briefing on the fuel subsidy
removal. The briefing will throw more light on the actual position of the
Organised Private Sector on the removal of fuel subsidy."

Also, Bishop of Abeokuta Archdiocese, Martins Adewale and the Congress for
Progressive Change (CPC) tasked government on fixing of the nation's refineries.

Restating its opposition, organised labour said hijacking the private sector
forum and smuggling a fake endorsement for removal by the so-called private
sector would not make Nigerians accept such a calamity.

In a statement by its Acting General Secretary, Comrade Owei Lakemfa, NLC
implored the Federal Government to cut social spending instead of orchestrating
endorsement of its fuel subsidy removal plot.

The statement read: "The NLC advises the Presidency to learn from the October 15
Global Day of action against corporate greed and cut in social spending, rather
than orchestrate endorsement of its fuel subsidy removal gambit.

The global protests on Saturday is a red card for the ruinous programme of
subsidy removal and cuts in social spending and an indication that the North
African uprising is spreading. The Federal Government should face this reality
and address growing poverty, hunger and anger amongst the masses.

Hijacking the private sector forum and smuggling a fake endorsement removal will
not make Nigerians accept such a calamity. Save beneficiaries of government
largesse, no employers utilizing petroleum products will endorse subsidy
removal."

Speaking also on deregulation, National President of the National Union of
Petroleum and Natural Gas, NUPENG, Comrade Igwe Achese, said the timing for
deregulation was wrong in view of the fact that the Petroleum Industry Bill,
PIB, which embraces all activities of the oil sector had not been passed into
law.

He said the union would vehemently resist any form of deregulation that was
import driven, stressing the need for government to come up with specifics on
how to ensure that the local refining capacity was increased over a period of
time.

He also stressed the need for government to engage all stakeholders in the
economy and state categorically how it intended to use the proceeds from the
removal of fuel subsidy and how that decision would reduce poverty and
unemployment.

"NUPENG is not against deregulation; our position is that if government must
deregulate, it should not be import-driven. What we are against is import-driven
deregulation. We have already given government conditions for deregulation and
part of it is that the refineries must work optimally; government must make the
depots to function properly.

Currently, we are still haulaging when we have depots but because of pipeline
vandalism the depots are not functioning. Before government comes up with
deregulation policy, it must first pass the PIB which is all encompassing into
law", he said.

Speaking with journalists in Abuja, Co-chairman of the panel and Chairman Senate
Committee on Appropriation, Senator Ahmed Mohammed Maccido (PDP, Sokoto North)
said that the committee was prepared to unmask the persons described as a cartel
that had allegedly hijacked the subsidy.

Senate President David Mark had last Wednesday expressed concern over the
existence of a cartel which he said was milking the nation dry, and challenged
his colleagues to open up the sector for the overall interest of Nigerians.

He mandated the joint Senate committees on Appropriation, Petroleum and Finance
to immediately conduct full scale investigation into the alleged fuel subsidy
fraud following a motion by former governor of Kwara State, Senator Bukola
Saraki (PDP, Kwara Central) on conflicting expenditure profile of the Federal
Government on fuel subsidy.

Speaking further on what the panel intended doing, Maccido stressed that it
would not only step on toes, but also would go ahead to name the members of the
'cabal' that had been accused of milking the country dry.

Senator Maccido noted that though the subsidy was being financed from crude oil
sales, such spending was not captured in the budget, adding that the committee
had earlier raised such observation in a meeting with President Goodluck
Jonathan.

According him, funds for subsidy were being spent without recourse to the
National Assembly, just as he disclosed that the executive had at the last
meeting promised to 'make amend', adding that the Senate had not been given
details of where the subsidy being removed would be utilized.

"The thing here is there are lots of questions as to where the N1.3 trillion
came from because it has not even been appropriated by the National Assembly. We
learnt that it was money that was got from a particular sale. The money was
gotten from particular crude sales lawfully but unfortunately, the money was not
appropriated by the National Assembly.

We were not informed as to what that particular money was being kept aside for.
They just went ahead and used it for subsidy. If they had written a letter to
the National Assembly, informing us of the action they took, that would have
been better but it wasn't like that.

"We took up the issue with them when we met the President and his economic team
last Monday and I believe they were ready to make amends. As you are aware, we
budgeted N240 billion but the irony is that they have spent more than N1
trillion. So, you can imagine the difference between what we budgeted for and
what was expended."

On the way forward, he said: "The Senate has inaugurated a committee on this
particular issue. We are going to investigate it; we are going to find out where
those monies came from, we are going to find out how those monies are being
spent, if it's being spent rightly or not, we know what to do. In any case, I
believe this investigation will form a basis for our agreement as to whether
subsidy should be removed or not."

Relatedly, Bishop of Abeokuta Archdiocese, Martins Adewale, yesterday advised
the Federal Government to repair the country's refineries before implementing
its decision to remove fuel subsidy.

Adewale spoke as the CPC doubted the government's sincerity in doing the needful
with the expected proceeds.

In a statement by its National Publicity Secretary, Engr. Rotimi Fashakin, the
CPC said little or nothing would be achieved with the fuel subsidy savings
without transparency.

Alleging that the government abused the privatisation programme, failed to
maintain the nation's four refineries and account for the proceeds of the Excess
Crude-oil Account, the party said the citizenry should not be punished for the
negligence of their leaders.

"Would the argument on 'subsidy' still make sense if the nation's refineries are
producing at optimal capacity? With the recent revelation that more money
(un-appropriated) is being spent on 'subsidy' than that budgeted for the current
financial year, are we not being deceived by this regime? With no sustained
welfare package for the Nigerian people in the critical areas of decent living,
would this proposed removal of the 'subsidy' not be at variance with Section 14
(b) of the Nigerian constitution which states that: 'the security and welfare of
the people shall be the primary purpose of government,' it said.

Meantime, former Governor of Lagos state, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu and the national
chairman of the Action Congress of Nigeria (ACN), Chief Bisi Akande, yesterday,
condemned the proposed removal of oil subsidy by the federal government.

The duo spoke separately with newsmen in Ado Ekiti shortly after attending the
thanksgiving service marking Governor Fayemi's one year in office. They said the
planned removal would further impoverish the masses.

Tinubu described the proposal as a misplaced priority and asked the federal
government to review the monthly allocation first in favour of the states before
thinking of removing oil subsidy.

Akande, however, said the federal government does not believe in transparency,
alleging that some people in government have been feeding fat on oil subsidy.
The former civilian governor of Osun State said rather than remove oil subsidy,
government should first put in place infrastructure such as good roads; pipe
borne water and good transit system.

In like manner, The Church of Nigeria (Anglican Communion) weekend cited the
judicious use of the money realised from fuel subsidy removal as a condition for
the Church to give its nod to government's decision to remove subsidy and
increase fuel price in 2012.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Ling's idea of subsidy puzzles BG Yeo

                               September 7, 1996

Pang Gek Choo


OPPOSITION MP Ling How Doong yesterday argued that although the Government
spends a "substantial amount on health care" and pays out more than it receives
from the health services, this does not amount to a subsidy.

He told the Select Committee on Health Care Subsidy that he did not consider the
government grants given to hospitals to cover their losses as subsidies as they
were paid for with money collected from taxpayers.

Health Minister George Yeo, describing this position as "remarkable", said that
on Mr Ling's definition, there could never be any government subsidies since all
government funds were obtained from the people.

The exchange came mid-way through a 1-3/4-hour hearing of the committee, set up
to study the Singapore Democratic Party's allegation that health care costs here
were "hardly subsidised at all".

At earlier hearings, Mr Ling had said initially that there was in fact
"substantial" health subsidy. But he later denied this, saying that while there
were subsidies based on the factors that the Government considered, he had not
accepted those factors.

Yesterday, Brigadier-General (NS) Yeo challenged Mr Ling repeatedly to question
the Auditor-General and his team, since he had disputed the Government's method
of calculating subsidies.

Mr Ling, the SDP chairman and a member of the committee, declined at first but
later said that to his mind, there could only be a subsidy if government grants
to hospitals were paid for with money collected from sources other than the
taxpayers.

A puzzled BG Yeo asked if Mr Ling was implying that, based on this meaning,
there could never be any subsidy given by the Government.

"No subsidy," Mr Ling shot back. But he added that this was merely an issue of
terminology as whatever the term used would make no difference to the patients'
bills or the Government's expenses on health care.

Looking astonished, BG Yeo charged that the SDP MP was "making light" of the
debate. His definition of subsidies, the minister added, was "politically
convenient".

"I see him now preparing a defensive position for himself. It is a defence made
of paper. And it consists of this very simple proposition that my meaning of
subsidy is not your meaning of subsidy, and so sorry that all of you
misunderstood my meaning of subsidy."

Joining in, Minister without Portfolio Lim Boon Heng asked Mr Ling why he had
"made such a fuss" if it did not matter to Singaporeans whether there were
health care subsidises. He would consider lodging a complaint of contempt of
Parliament against Mr Ling, he said.

Asked by BG Yeo if Mr Ling's definition of subsidy was reasonable, Mr Teo Chee
Khiang, Deputy Auditor-General, said that going by the accountant's dictionary,
a subsidy meant any grant given by a government body.

Anything that was transacted below cost should be captured under the term "
subsidy", he added.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 680 words

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1996 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 9, 1994, Thursday

RESEARCH SUBSIDIES: NOT SO FAST

BYLINE: MICHAEL EBERT

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 979 words


In the final days of last year's GATT world trade talks, the Clinton
administration pushedthrough a major change in the official U.S. position on
industrial policy. Known as the "subsidies green light," it substantially
expands permissible government industrial subsidies. While the issue is
admittedly arcane, it is one of the little details that matters greatly to the
future workings of market economies. In this case, it bodes nothing but bad
news.

First raised earlier this year by Missouri Republican Sen. John D. Danforth, the
"green light" gives a protected go-ahead to industrial subsidies that have been
a serious source of trade disputes - but which previously could be curtailed
through countervailing (or anti-subsidy) duties. The administration claims the
green light provides the United States and others with a new level of certainty
and control over subsidies. Instead, it provides both an international safe
harbor for government aid and a domestic rationalization for statist industrial
program of questionable merit.

U.S. Trade Representative Mickey Kantor has described the green light as an
''incremental" change, one that reflects the consensus of a "majority of the
Congress." It was needed, he argues, to "protect" the United States from other
countries' anti-subsidy actions. He considers that imperative because U.S.
subsidies in some areas are more significant than those of our trading partners.

But, in fact, the green light idea flowed from a Cabinet-level meeting in which
the Commerce Department and White House political operatives subordinated trade
policy to politically laced industrial policy. The result goes well beyond a
reasonable definition of "incremental." And as for protecting American
interests, the United States most often has been the plaintiff, not the
defendant, in subsidy cases.

The subsidy green light became an issue during last December's trade talks. At
that time, the Clinton administration argued for increasing a government's
allowable "basic research" subsidies from 50 percent to 75 percent. But the
nuances for allowable research and development subsidies are far more troubling.
Eligible government subsidies for research costs and assistance to
''precompetitive development activities," which the administration says are
"equivalent to applied research and development activities through the creation
of a first, non-commercial prototype," would be allowed up to 50 percent of cost
without trade law remedy.

This provides the administration with cover for an industrial policy that tilts
away from basic research and, instead, puts taxpayer money into applied and
developmental funding of specific, government-led technologies. Moreover, since
R&D money is fungible in corporations, and since the definition of
''precompetitive" is being stretched to include a first prototype, the new
subsidies green light provides ample opportunities for mischievous government
accounting, here and abroad.

Instead of fostering more politically neutral civilian research that drives
private sector development of technologies whose viability is then determined by
the market, the administration will shower "free money" on the technologies du
jour.  Government subsidies, however, are rarely a free lunch. Corporations
typically spend huge sums lobbying for government grants, money that could be
spent on R&D and on developing human and technology assets. And small,
innovative companies that don't have a Washington connection are typically left
out or scrambling for crumbs.

The new green light on subsidies may also have an effect on international
investment and cross-border corporate alliances. Foreign direct investment
creates jobs, promotes economies of scale and scope and provides the greatest
technological innovation in nations where the barriers are lowest to the free
flow of capital and skilled labor. But virtually every government-subsidized
research program - from Cooperative Research and Development Agreements with the
federal labs to "new generation" vehicles to the Advanced Technology Program -
is encumbered by restrictions on foreign investment legislated by Congress.
Pending "competitiveness" legislation has even more Draconian forms of these
barriers. There is every reason to expect that as more subsidies receive a green
light, investment and alliance barriers will increase.

For all of these reasons, Sen. Danforth is right in asking that the subsidies
green light be thoroughly debated, even if that means a slight delay in U.S.
approval of the GATT implementing legislation. Allowing the subsidies provision
to take effect, run its course and then expire in five years is not an option;
government programs, especially those that dispense big money from the public
till, become institutionalized in far less time. Delaying approval of the GATT
agreement until Congress sorts out the impact of the subsidies provision is
reasonable, especially since other nations are increasingly unlikely to ratify
the trade pact by the Jan. 1, 1995, target date.

Because the subsidies green light is a Clinton administration initiative, it may
take some serious brinkmanship by the Congress and the U.S. business community
to coax the White House into a revised "understanding" with the European Union
and others. A revised deal should move allowable subsidies back closer to
earlier, more restrictive proposals - or, better yet, toward an original plan in
which any knowledge gained from government-subsidized R&D would be placed into
the public domain.

Compelling reasons clearly exist for making an otherwise good Uruguay Round
trade agreement critically better by negotiating a separate memorandum of
understanding on subsidies with the relatively few nations that count most. This
summer's G-7 economic summit in Naples, Italy, provides such an opportunity.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Michael Ebert writes on trade and investment issues from
Washington.

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

On tether to fossil fuels, countries speak using money;
Government subsidies for energy still dwarf climate change spending

BYLINE: JOHN SCHWARTZ

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1307 words

ABSTRACT

Government subsidies for conventional energy still dwarf spending on the fight
against climate change.

FULL TEXT

CORRECTION APPENDED

As representatives of nearly 200 countries gathered in Paris to discuss ways of
reducing emissions from fossil fuels, many pointed to what they consider a
simple and obvious way to change behavior: Stop widespread subsidies that
encourage the use of fossil fuels.

Industrialized nations agreed to start phasing the subsidies out after an
agreement at the Group of 20 summit meeting of the world's largest economies in
2009, and some progress has been made. The International Energy Agency said its
$490 billion estimate for worldwide fossil fuel subsidies in 2014 would have
been $610 billion if not for changes since that agreement.

But calls for greater cuts continue. The energy agency issued a statement last
month identifying the elimination of subsidies as one of the most effective
strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The subsidies are ''public
enemy No. 1 in terms of sustainable development,'' said Fatih Birol, executive
director of the agency.

On  the first day of the climate conference, representatives of 35 governments
and hundreds of businesses and organizations issued a call for countries to take
aggressive action to phase out fossil fuel subsidies. Christiana Figueres,
executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate
Change, said, ''The huge sums involved globally could be better spent on
schools, health care, renewable energies and building resilient societies.''

In their simplest form, fossil fuel subsidies amount to government spending to
keep the price of fuel low for citizens. They are why gasoline in Venezuela
costs about 2 cents per gallon. The International Energy Agency estimates that
global subsidies total about $490 billion a year. Those direct subsidies are
found chiefly in the developing world and in oil-producing nations.

Industrialized countries like the United States are less likely to reduce the
cost of fuel at the pump with government money, but experts who track subsidies
say that America, too, finds ways to support fossil fuel use through tax breaks
and in backing for exploration and production. The Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development has counted 800 ways that rich industrial nations
use taxpayer money to support fossil fuel producers.

A new report from Oil Change International, an energy research and advocacy
group, estimates that aid to the coal, oil and natural gas industries came to
$452 billion last year. The group said the situation amounted to governments
''allowing fossil fuel producers to undermine national climate commitments,
while paying them for the privilege.''

''We have to stop using government funds to support the industry that is causing
the problem,'' said Stephen Kretzmann, executive director and founder of Oil
Change International. ''That would seem to be the low-hanging fruit of solving
climate change: When you're in a hole, stop digging. And yet we really haven't
made much progress.''

The International Monetary Fund has come up with a much higher estimate for the
global total of fossil fuel subsidies - $5.3 trillion, which includes the costs
of the effects of energy use on people's health, the environment and climate
change. That figure constitutes 6.9 percent of the global gross domestic
product.

Whatever the estimates, they stand in sharp contrast to the money being spent on
reducing the effects of climate change. Even the lowest subsidy estimates far
exceed the pledge by advanced industrialized nations to spend $100 billion a
year by 2020 to fight climate change.

A recent report from the Climate Policy Initiative, a nonprofit research and
policy organization funded by the financier George Soros, suggested that to keep
the global temperature from rising more than two degrees Celsius would require
about $1 trillion per year.

Bill Hare, chief executive of the nonprofit research and policy group Climate
Analytics, said taking action on direct subsidies could have a profound effect.
''Emissions could be reduced by up to 20 percent from what would otherwise occur
if you removed fossil fuel subsidies,'' he added.

Critics of subsidies say their greatest benefits go to the middle class and the
rich, who can better afford cars.

By keeping conventional fuels at low prices, subsidies also make alternative
energy sources less affordable in comparison. The International Energy Agency's
2014 World Energy Outlook report warned, ''Fossil fuel subsidies rig the game
against renewables and act as a drag on the transition to a more sustainable
energy system.''

That report noted that some countries spent a greater share of their gross
domestic product on fossil fuel subsidies than on health or education.

Going into the Paris climate talks, China, Ethiopia, India, Mexico, Morocco,
Singapore and Vietnam had committed to addressing subsidies, Mr. Kretzmann said.
''Governments have a lot of incentive and opportunity to eliminate those now,
with oil prices so low,'' he added.

And as prices have dropped, subsidies have been reduced in many countries,
including India, Indonesia, Mexico and the United Arab Emirates, said Dr. Hare
of Climate Analytics.

While attempts to cut subsidies have led to social unrest, more recent efforts,
including a gradual phaseout to soften the blow, have enjoyed quiet success.

But previous efforts have often been abandoned when global fuel prices rise and
consumers are pinched. ''If you look at the history of fuel subsidy reform, it
doesn't always stick,'' said Michael L. Ross, a professor of political science
at the University of California, Los Angeles, who studies energy subsidies.

A study from the Carbon Tracker Initiative, the Institute for Energy Economics
and Financial Analysis and other groups suggested that eliminating production
subsidies for the Powder River Basin coal region in Wyoming and Montana alone
would raise the price of that coal enough to reduce demand for it by 30 percent,
which the study estimates would equal the emissions from as many as 32
coal-burning plants.

Michael A. Levi, an energy expert with the Council on Foreign Relations, said
that fuel subsidies were an inefficient way to help the poor, anyway. However,
he noted that better ways were not necessarily available. Giving money directly
to the poor to make up for the lost fuel savings would require a banking and
credit infrastructure that often cannot be found in the developing world.

''You shouldn't want to solve these countries' fiscal problems on the backs of
their weakest citizens,'' Mr. Levi said.

Eli Lehrer, the co-founder of the R Street Institute, a free-market think tank
in Washington, said the oil industry did not need many of the tax breaks it
received. ''I doubt that eliminating the intangible drilling cost write-off
would reduce oil production at all,'' he said.

Carlton Carroll, a spokesman for the American Petroleum Institute, said the tax
breaks for his industry ''are similar to other manufacturing sectors.'' He
added, ''As an industry, we pay higher taxes than any other.''

Such arguments do not convince Mr. Lehrer, whose group is part of the Green
Scissors coalition that includes environmentally conscious budget cutters across
the political spectrum. ''These subsidies on fossil fuels are a very good,
transideological issue,'' he said. ''To the left, it's a terrible act of
environmental destruction. To the right, it's crony capitalism. And both sides
are true.''

CORRECTION:

As published in the International New York Times

An article in some editions on Dec. 7 about global fossil fuel subsidies
misstated the amount of gasoline that sells for 2 cents in Venezuela. That is
the cost per liter, not per gallon. The error was repeated in an accompanying
picture caption.

Thursday, December 17, 2015

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Times of Oman

                             April 29, 2013 Monday

Government may revamp fuel subsidy

BYLINE: A.E. James

LENGTH: 414 words


Muscat: Oman government may revamp subsidy on fuel and food items, after a panel
...

Muscat: Oman government may revamp subsidy on fuel and food items, after a panel
submits its study report that is expected within few months. A panel is looking
into revamping subsidy in such a way to get the benefits to the deserving income
group, like other countries in the world. This follows a recommendation from the
Majlis A'Shura, said Dr Juma Al Hinai, Director General of Income, Ministry of
Finance.



"We are thinking of (bringing changes in) all kinds of subsidies and are
considering all options," he said, adding; "We are in the initial stage." The
panel was constituted with members from relevant ministries.

The comprehensive study will suggest implications of the present subsidy system
and alternatives for directly channelising it to the deserving groups. Dr Al
Hinai said that although there is no timeframe for making any change in the
subsidy, some changes can be expected by the end of the year.

Citing reasons for the need to revamp subsidies, he said the present subsidy
benefits are enjoyed by all sections of the society and the idea is to confine
it to eligible groups. The government provides subsidies to flour mills, animal
feed, power plants, cooking gas, petrol and diesel. Most of these are aimed at
controlling inflationary pressure and helping the people in reducing cost of
living.

For instance, the government re-introduced subsidies to flour mills to stabilise
prices of wheat flour, amid soaring wheat prices in the international markets.
This was aimed at checking any rise in prices of basic food items of daily use
like bread and bakery products.

The total subsidies on all these are expected to touch an alarming level of
OMR1.3 billion this year. This fund can be used by the government for other
purposes, including youth training or investment projects that could generate
new employment. Dr Al Hinai said that there will be a series of awareness
campaigns before implementing any change in subsidy structure, even if it is
done.

IMF has been calling on Oman to reduce subsidy in a move to prudently managing
state resources. Countries in the Middle East and Northern Africa region are
spending $200 billion on general subsidies and there is a need to curb this
spending. According to IMF, these subsidies are not an efficient way of helping
the poor, because the bulk of the spending is going to people who consume more
energy, who are generally better off.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 89


     Copyright 2013 Times of Oman - Muscat Press & Publishing House (SAOC)
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

Group: Healthful foods getting raw deal with farm subsidies

BYLINE: Joe Knight, The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 504 words


July 27--Alysha Burt sliced an apple in half and set it on a table next to 21
Twinkies.

Burt's act Wednesday afternoon in front of Just Local Food, 1117 S. Farwell St.,
was intended to show the disparity between federal farm subsidies spent on
nutritious foods such as apples and the much higher total that goes toward
ingredients used in less healthful fare.

"At a time when America is facing an obesity epidemic, crushing debt and a weak
economy, billions of taxpayer dollars are subsidizing junk food ingredients,"
said Burt, a campaign director for the Wisconsin Public Interest Research Group.
The organization was in Eau Claire Wednesday publicizing its new report, "Apples
to Twinkies 2012: Comparing Taxpayer Subsidies for Fresh Produce and Junk Food."

From 1995 and 2011, American taxpayers spent $277 billion in agricultural
subsidies. About $18.2 billion of the total -- enough to buy 21 Twinkies for
each U. S. taxpayer -- went to crops that ultimately become "junk food"
ingredients, according to Burt.

In contrast, most fruits and vegetables receive no subsidies, although apples
are an exception. They received $637 million in subsidies between 1995 and 2011
-- about half an apple per year for every taxpayer.

Most commodity crops are not eaten as is. They are processed into additives such
as high-fructose corn syrup and vegetable oils that can be used to provide cheap
doses of sweetness or fat to processed foods, Burt said.

Debate over subsidies is especially important now, Burt said, because that money
is part of the farm bill that is currently up for reauthorization in Congress.

Rachel Keniston, executive director of The Community Table, said low-income
people sometimes are criticized for spending food stamps money on junk food, but
fresh fruits and vegetables often are more expensive. Federal subsidies
exaggerate the cost difference and encourage people to eat high-calorie food
without much nutritional value, she said.

Bob Andruszkiewicz, a Just Local Food employee, said he tries to buy locally
from small producers, but farm subsidies that go primarily to very large farms
put small operations at a disadvantage.

"If you get rid of the subsidies, at least you make the playing field even," he
said.

U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-La Crosse, said some people may quibble about WISPIRG's
figures. But the point the organization makes about subsidies funding junk food
is valid, he said.

Five commodities -- corn, soybeans, wheat, cotton and rice -- receive the lion's
share of subsidy dollars. Meanwhile, specialty foods such as fruits, vegetables
and organic foods get no subsidies, he said.

"If we did it right the farm bill could be the healthy food bill of the 21st
century," Kind said. "Instead, we've got these huge taxpayer subsidy programs
that go to a few producers."

Knight can be reached at 715-830-5835, 800-236-7077 or joe.knight@ecpc.com

___ (c)2012 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120727-EW-Group-Healthful-foods-getting-raw-deal-with-farm-subsidies
-0727-20120727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2012 The Leader-Telegram


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Mehr News Agency (MNA)

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday

Govt. delays implementation of second stage of subsidy reform plan

LENGTH: 396 words


TEHRAN, May 26 (MNA) -- The spokesman of the economic reform plan working group
of the administration of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has announced
that the administration has no plan to implement the second stage of the subsidy
reform plan at this point in time. "In view of the problems in the Majlis
ratification (in regard to the subsidy reform plan) under the national budget
law for (Iranian calendar year) 1391 (started March 20), the administration has
made no decision and has no plan to implement the second stage of the subsidy
reform plan at the present time," Mohammad Reza Farzin said on Saturday. On May
5, the Majlis Integration Committee rejected the administration's proposal to
increase revenues from subsidy cuts, a move which could have effectively blocked
the implementation of the second stage of the subsidy reform plan in the current
Iranian calendar year.

The administration of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad presented the draft of the
national budget bill for Iranian calendar year 1391 to the Majlis on February 1,
in which it was proposed that the revenues from subsidy elimination savings
would be increased from about $44 billion to $110 billion. Reportedly, the
administration had decided to suddenly free up energy prices to complete the
implementation of the subsidy reform plan this year. But the Majlis said that
the administration's decision had run counter to the subsidy reform plan, which
calls for the subsidies on fuel, electricity, and certain goods to be cut over
the course of five years. The implementation of the subsidy reform plan began in
December 2010. On May 7, Vice President for Parliamentary Affairs Mohammad Reza
Mirtajoddini said that the Majlis Integration Committee's decision would delay
the implementation of the second stage of the subsidy reform plan. Later, the
Majlis rejected the committee's decision and increased the government's revenues
from subsidy cuts. On May 13, the Majlis approved an increase in the
government's revenues from subsidy cuts from about $44 billion to $53.8 billion
for the current Iranian calendar year. The parliament's decision allows the
government to raise energy prices and begin the implementation of the second
stage of the subsidy reform plan. But it seems that the administration is not
satisfied with the amount of increase in its revenues from subsidy cuts. AM/HG
END MNA

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 399


                        Copyright 2012 Mehr News Agency
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

End to largesse, finally;
The LPG subsidy enjoyed by those who can afford to pay for it was an aberration;
Govt should ensure that BPL households make the switch from unclean fuels to LPG

BYLINE: Edit

LENGTH: 682  words


The LPG subsidy enjoyed by those who can afford to pay for it was an aberration;
Govt should ensure that BPL households make the switch from unclean fuels to LPG

By discontinuing cooking gas subsidy for households with incomes over Rs10 lakh,
the central government has sent out the message that it remains committed to
subsidy rationalisation. In March, the government had rolled out an imaginative
"GiveItUp" campaign that appealed to the upper and middle classes to sacrifice
their LPG subsidy so that the government could offer these to BPL households
unable to afford an LPG connection. Nearly 57 lakh consumers had responded to
the campaign, a significant number by any measure, and given up their subsidies.
Alongside this voluntary initiative, the government tied in an element of
compulsion by ushering in direct benefit transfers and mandating that subsidies
would be transferred only through Aadhaar-linked bank accounts to eliminate
bogus and inactive users. Around three crore users were weeded out through these
measures, leading to savings of nearly Rs5,000 crore in subsidy outgo. This is
impressive, considering that the total LPG subsidy for 2014-15 was Rs40,500
crore. But by setting an income cap, the government is also sending the message
that the voluntary measures alone won't suffice.

The attempts to reform LPG subsidy could not have come at a better time.
Political compulsions had deterred every central government since the 1996-98
United Front government from deregulating fuel prices and eliminating subsidies.
Unlike early-2014 when Brent crude oil prices were over $100 per barrel and the
market price of LPG cylinders was Rs900, market prices have now come down to
Rs560 per cylinder, while the consumers pay Rs420 for a subsidised cylinder.
Last year, the government had taken advantage of the falling oil prices to
decontrol diesel prices. The downside is that if oil prices were to rise,
consumers will not have a subsidy cushion. With general elections some years
away and no allies to raise objections, the Modi government has been best placed
to begin the tough task of rolling back subsidies that impose huge fiscal
burdens but do not address the economic justice imperatives. In this context,
some will argue that petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan missed an opportunity
by pegging the income cap for LPG subsidy too high. But then the UPA must take
some of the blame for turning the LPG subsidy into a vehicle for unabashed
populism.

To court the middle classes, the UPA government increased the annual LPG
cylinder quota from six to nine and then to 12 cylinders, an act of sheer fiscal
imprudence. Pradhan has little option but to adopt a phased approach to easing
the subsidy burden, considering that the middle classes are among the most vocal
and influential sections in turning public opinion against governments. Going by
income tax assessments, around 20 lakh citizens fall in the Rs10 lakh-plus
income category, out of a total income tax base of four crore assesses. If many
of these citizens have already surrendered their subsidies voluntarily, Monday's
decision would have minimal impact. Interestingly, those households with piped
natural gas connections have never received the subsidies meant for cylinders. A
strong case exists for setting household income caps at Rs5-6 lakhs and reducing
the annual cylinder quota to six or nine. Though 25 lakh new LPG connections
were taken since March, there is no clarity on how many of these were BPL
households. In 2014-15, just 7.8 per cent of the Indian Oil Corporation's new
connections went to BPL households. While the government astutely packaged the
"GiveItUp" scheme as an act of philanthropy, the targeting of the LPG subsidy
will rank as an inclusive measure only if BPL households too receive the subsidy
like middle-class households. This voluntary scheme is now set to taper off. But
the government must not waver from its commitment to ensuring that BPL
households make the switch from unclean fuels like kerosene and firewood to LPG.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                Lucknow Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 626 words


There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the registered
consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more than Rs 10
lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday .

The cap will come into effect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of selfdeclaration at the time of booking a refill
in keeping with the "government's approach of trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so

that clean fuel can be provided to those who are still dependent on firewood or
cowdung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The

ministry's move will ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their subsidy , once the criteria are implemented fully by linking
the PAN number to the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it may also
raise the hackles of several middle-class voters.

The move indicates the Modi government's resolve to tackle the issue of kitchen
subsidy , long a holy cow of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with
various plans in the past but floundered under political pressure.

Governments have toyed with various ideas to tackle LPG

subsidy but have floundered under political pulls and pressures. The Modi
government's move to end the subsidy for all those earning above Rs 10 lakh
marks the first time that a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front government in 1997 unveiled a comprehensive oil reforms package
with timelines for deregulating fuel prices and removing subsidies. Carrying
forward that decision, the ministry under Ram Naik during the NDA-I rule decided
in 2002 to first freeze -and then gradually phase out -LPG subsidy by raising
rates in small measures.But this plan was dumped as polls neared and oil prices
spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy , first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly , households with a
car, house or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy . But the plan did not move
beyond the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on November 7, oil minister

Dharmendra Pradhan had last month given an indication that the government was
looking at stripping the rich of subsidy with the aim of ensuring more
responsible use of public money .

"I humbly submit that the time has come for the government, the finance ministry
can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be given
the subsidy... The question as to who should get subsidy should be debated.
Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket," Pradhan
had told the finance ministry's Delhi Economics Conclave on November 6.

The oil minister was reacting to a question from finance minister Arun Jaitley ,
who asked whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile)
programme aimed at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the
subsidy to people within a particular income bracket.

Nearly a year ago, Jaitley had told a media event in Delhi that "the next
important decision India will have to take is whether people like me... (are)
entitled to get our LPG subsidy . I think the sooner we are able to take these
decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies -of course some people would
be -the better it would be for our system. These decisions are all on our
agenda."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 16, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Trade Pact Tackles a Sacred Cow: Farm Subsidies

Peter Behr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE B15

LENGTH: 850 words

DATELINE: GENEVA, Dec. 15, 1993


Tucked in amid the jargon in the 550-page global trade accord approved today is
one of its defining accomplishments: The new GATT agreement will reduce sharply
the role of subsidies in the politically sensitive area of agriculture.

That's where the bloodiest battles have been fought in the past seven years --
over the rights of French wheat farmers and Japanese rice growers to expect that
cozy subsidies and protection would continue forever.

Analysts often warned that removing subsidies for these politically powerful
constituencies would be impossible. But when today's agreement was signed, the
subsidies were on their way out.

At the same time, the trade negotiators chose to increase the level of subsidies
governments can pay to their industries to make them more competitive --
possibly opening the door to a new subsidies problem.

Subsidies -- money that governments collect from taxpayers and pay to groups
with a special interest -- were a defining issue in the talks to strengthen the
world trade pact, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, that concluded
today.

A top goal of the negotiations was to shrink the $ 200 billion that governments
pay annually to the world's farmers -- money that helps keep some in business
and helps others sell abroad, said Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy.

In the past decade, the subsidies have soared beyond just a few core products as
country after country began using them to make their farm exports cheaper, said
Carol L. Brookins, a Washington trade analyst and newsletter publisher.

The GATT negotiations produced a half-victory, requiring a partial reduction in
those payments the nations make to support farm exports.

At the same time, the farm subsidies will not head back up again, Brookins said.
The GATT agreement mandates a 21 percent reduction in the volume of subsidies
for farm exports over six years, and a 36 percent cut in subsidy funds.

"A corner has been turned," Espy agreed. "I sat on the [House] Budget Committee
for seven years and watched us make these payments. We can't continue. We can't
afford them."

But the United States and others in the talks supported an increase in subsidies
for two other influential interests: high-tech research and environmental
protection.

"We have created several large loopholes in the [GATT] subsidies code," said
Sen. John C. Danforth (R-Mo.).

He fears that U.S. trading rivals will "use their treasuries" to send products
into the United States. Others fear that the Clinton administration is
interested in something like that, too.

To Australia's chief negotiator, Peter Cook, the way Japan and France handled
the farm subsidy debate is a metaphor for what is happening to them
economically.

Japan's prime minister, Morihiro Hosokawa, risked his government to offer
foreign importers the opportunity to sell rice in Japan, breaking a half-century
of protection for a powerful farm sector, Cook noted. Japan's offer, mirrored by
South Korea in the face of tremendous political opposition, too, helped propel
the GATT talks toward their eventual successful conclusion.

France, on the other hand, repeatedly threatened to block the GATT subsidy
reduction. Finally, it gave in when U.S. negotiators agreed to a slower phase-in
of the subsidy reductions.

In the end, Espy said, France kept intact farmer subsidies -- money that could
have gone back to taxpayers or to help other industries become more competitive
-- while Japan reduced similar trade protections.

"France and Europe think they won a political victory here. France proved it can
obstruct progress if it wants and they are pleased with themselves for doing so.

"Asia is already the fastest-growing region in the world and what it's done here
will help it keep growing. The region that has won the least is Europe, because
it has still shackled itself with protection," Cook said.

President Clinton's Republican predecessors had led the attack on farm export
subsidies in the 1986 opening rounds of the GATT negotiations.

While Clinton's negotiators took up that cause, they also insisted on pushing
through an increase in the ceiling on government support for basic and applied
research. Governments can contribute 75 percent of the costs of basic research
and 50 percent of an applied research project's budget.

GATT negotiators also gave a green light to sizable environmental subsidies --
as much as 20 percent of the cost of a project can be contributed by
governments.

These provisions were needed to allow the administration's ambitious research
partnership program with private industry to go forward, Clinton aides say. An
example is the money the Big Three carmakers in Detroit will get to pursue
revolutionary breakthroughs in designing a pollution-free, high-tech automobile
by 2000.

But if the environmental subsidies, for such equipment as pollution controls,
were diverted to build plants, American companies facing that competition could
feel enough pressure that they lobby Washington for money to stay in the fight.
And that's how farm subsidies got out of control.



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MIKE ESPY

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FOREIGN NEWS, ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                October 09, 2015

Rewane, Others Seek Review of Petroleum Subsidy

BYLINE: Ejiofor Alike

LENGTH: 486 words


The Chief Executive Officer of Financial Derivatives Company Limited, Mr.
Bismarck Rewane, and other discussants at a one-day conference held yesterday in
Lagos on 'Oil Subsidy Regime and National Economic Health,' have called for a
review of the subsidy regime to ascertain its sustainability and relevance to
the welfare of all Nigerians.

Delivering a paper on 'Oil Subsidy and Implications for National Economic
Growth' at the conference, which was put together by the School of Media and
Communication, Pan-Atlantic University, Rewane noted that with the drop in the
price of crude oil by over 50 per cent, it has become imperative for the
government to review the subsidy scheme.

According to him, the drop in the price of crude oil has reduced the cost of
petroleum products, thus reducing the burden borne by the consumers.

While declining to support or oppose the removal of subsidy, Rewane however
pointed out that with the current low price of crude oil, the burden on
consumers by subsidy removal would be minimal.

Rewane, who was represented by Damilola Akinbami, also of the Financial
Derivatives Company Limited, said subsidy removal would increase government's
revenue for the provision of other amenities to the people, adding that the
multiplier effect is so huge that it will erode the burden on consumers arising
from the removal.

According to him, Angola, Ghana and some other countries have reduced subsidy
payment or eliminated it completely.

"Is subsidy sustainable? Does it benefit everyone? I will not say yes or no," he
added.

He said the aim of subsidy payment was to reduce the burden borne by the
consumers in the purchase of petroleum products but argued that there is
corruption in the payment of subsidy.

According to him, an outright removal of subsidy without addressing the
fundamental problems of corruption and inadequate local refining capacity will
not provide the solutions.

In his speech, the Director of Communications at the Nigeria Extractive Industry
Transparency Initiatives (NEITI), Dr. Orji Ogbonnaya Orji, said the position of
the agency has always been a total removal of subsidy because of the corruption
in the scheme.

Director of International Press Centre (IPC), Mr. Lanre Arogundade, charged the
media not to fold its arm until issues come up before setting agenda on such
issues.

"The media wait for issues to come up before setting agenda on issues. This
means that it is other factors set agenda for the media instead of the media
setting the agenda. The media should also follow up on stories," he added.

In his remarks, Akin Oyebode of IBTC called for production subsidy, stressing
the current subsidy regime on fuel is a consumption subsidy.

The Dean of the School of Media and Communication at Pan-African University, Dr.
Ike Obiaya, said in his opening remarks that the theme of the conference was one
of utmost importance, given the present realities in the country.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 4, 2009 Wednesday

Iranian MPs term cash subsidy as "black hole" - paper

LENGTH: 656 words


Text of report headlined The subsidy black hole by Iranian newspaper Hezbollah
on 30 December

The targeted subsidies bill as the main and important part of the Economic
Reform Plan would be finally sent to the nation MPs to study. From the beginning
of the Economic Reform Plan's proposal and the clarification of its dimensions
by the president, the most important matter that attracted the public opinion
was the issue of targeted subsidies and cash payment to Iranian families.

Although the Economic Reform Plan includes matters like increase in profit
issues, changing the tax system, creating changes in custom duties, changing the
procedure of distributing goods and increasing the stability of national
currency, however, none of these have been as important as the targeted
subsidies or made people and authorities so sensitive.

Almost everyone believed that the amount of cash subsidies in the economic
system has affected Iran financial and official procedures and created
difficulties for the country. This matter became more grave and dangerous when
the amount and volume of these amounts kept adding annually due to the financial
and structural problems in banking and financial systems inside the country like
"inflation". In such a way, that now the budget amount which is spent for the
subsidies is by far larger than the constructional budget of the country. Not
only has the amount of budget not reached its main goal, which is to decrease
the difference between different strata of society, increase the buying capacity
and establish social justice, but the consuming power of the first level of
society as compared to the last level of the society has been widened and shows
considerable difference. From this point of view, the necessity for targeted
subsidies has reached a common and decisive agreement between all groups,
parties, political currents, elites and thinkers and now very few people are
opposed to amending the non-targeted system of the subsidies.

All the arguments and discussions which are raised around the performance and
changing of the system are defective. If the subsidies are being paid in cash,
the energy related subsidies like petrol, gas oil, gas, electricity and even
water should be separated from the current and normal system of the budget and
should be paid in national accounts, which have been opened for families and
prices of these goods would be calculated based on their free value. It is
natural that with the ups and downs in prices, the amount of the subsidies will
also be affected because the price of these products is affected by the oil
prices in the world, so the regulations would be done in a different way.

This matter makes the task more complicated and difficult so that now some MPs
believe that with the decrease in oil prices in the world, the matter of paying
subsidies in cash is cancelled. This is the same matter, which is called the "
subsidy black hole". "Subsidy black hole" points to the reality that something
which is calculated as the energy-related subsidy is not what clearly has a
foreign existence in the accounts and budget rows of the country, this in
reality if not referred as a calculation mistake, is only a way of assessing
opportunities and expenses and nothing else. This arrangement does not have a
foreign existence and the government clearly does not pay anything for it but
perhaps it gets affected by the price of one of the goods in the world and the
difference in the price of the same good in the country effects the calculation
and evaluation of amount of energy subsidy.

It seems that for the exact level of paying subsidies to be more realistic, a
general and basic study needs to be done on the country budget so that we
clearly get an exact figure. Otherwise, the black hole of subsidies not only
would not recover anything from Iran economy but also increase its
complications.

Source: Hezbollah, Tehran, in Persian, 30 Dec 08, p1

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                 August 8, 1994

Subsidies to pay workers expanded
244,000 companies covered by public program partially funding days off,
training, transfers

BYLINE: BY AKIRA IKEYA Staff writer

SECTION: ECONOMY; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 601 words


What can a Japanese company do to ride out the economic slump?  For one, turn to
the government for subsidies to help pay for keeping employees on the payroll.

That's the case even if it means giving the workers additional days off.

The Ministry of Labor seems happy to comply: as of Aug. 1, a record 314 business
sectors have been eligible for government subsidies for what the Japanese call
koyo chosei, or labor adjustments.  The ministry added five of the sectors this
month, including the airline industry for the first time.

The program now embraces about 244,000 companies with 5.75 million workers,
covering about 13% of all firms in Japan's national employment insurance system.

The insurance system, funded by required payments from both employers and
employees, is the source of the subsidies.  The budget for the subsidy program
is 112.74 billion yen (1.127 billion dollars) this fiscal year, up 18.8% from
fiscal 1993.

To receive subsidies, businesses must apply to the ministry and show that their
business sector is engulfed in difficulty.  In the August expansion of the
program, the ministry agreed that the eight airline companies which belong to
the Scheduled Airlines Association of Japan are eligible.

The ministry cited the decline of the industry's international competitiveness
due to the high yen and the preference of passengers to buy economy tickets
rather than first-class or business-class tickets.  The eight airlines,
according to the association, posted a total of 51 billion yen in losses for the
year ended March 31.

Making plans

Japan Airlines Co. and Japan Air System Co. are considering ways to use the
labor adjustment subsidies.  Already, JAL has transferred and relocated workers.
With the subsidy, the company is also considering adding days off on a temporary
basis, a company spokesman said.

Each company eligible for the subsidy program must submit its labor adjustment
plan to the ministry.  Payment is made as reimbursement to the company after the
adjustment costs are incurred.

The subsidies cover three forms of labor adjustment: days off, vocational
training and transfers.  For large companies, the subsidy has usually covered
half the costs.  For small and midsize companies, the subsidy has usually
covered two-thirds.

Because of the length and depth of the economic slump, the ministry has decided
to expand the portion of costs covered from June this year through March next
year.  Under this provision, large companies will receive subsidies covering
two-thirds of their costs for days off and personnel transfers.  Small and
midsize companies will receive subsidies covering three-fourths of their costs.

Bigger incentive

In the case of vocational training, subsidies under the temporary program covers
three-fourths of the costs for large companies and four-fifths for small and
midsize ones.  The ministry hopes that the larger subsidies will prompt
companies to train their workers for business restructuring, said an official at
the ministry's employment security bureau.

The ministry is also temporarily extending the period of eligibility for
subsidies.  Usually, a business sector is eligible for one year, which can be
extended only once to cover a second year.  Through March next year, however,
the ministry will allow business sectors to apply for a third year of
eligibility.

The Labor Ministry in May accepted the Japan Automobile Manufacturers
Association's request for an extension.  Automakers were first eligible for
subsidies in May 1993. They now are eligible to apply for subsidies for a second
year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

ECC approves export of 300,000 tonnes of urea

BYLINE: Imran Ali Kundi

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 321

LENGTH: 548  words


The Economic Coordination Committee (ECC) of the Cabinet on Monday approved
export of 0.3 million tonnes of urea fertiliser till 28th of April 2017 without
any subsidy.

The ECC chaired by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar also endorsed Prime Minister Nawaz
Sharif's decision to continue the fertiliser subsidy scheme for the ongoing
financial year (2016-17) on same terms, conditions and modalities. The
government is giving Rs200 per bag subsidy to support the farming community and
the agriculture sector.

A few days ago, the government withdrew the cash subsidy on fertiliser sales
that was announced in the budget for the ongoing financial year 2016-17. The
government had given subsidy worth Rs390 billion on urea, including cash subsidy
of Rs156 billion, reduction in GST worth Rs184 billion and price reduction of
Rs50 by manufacturers.

The price of urea had been reduced to Rs1,400 from Rs1,790 per bag following the
announcement of the subsidy. The government, in a recent decision, withdrew the
cash subsidy. The government had also withdrawn the cash subsidy of Rs300 per
bag on DAP fertiliser. Later, due to the pressure of the opposition political
parties and farmers, the government restored the subsidy.

The top economic decision-making body of the country has also approved export of
0.3 million tonnes of urea fertiliser without any subsidy. The government is
providing Rs200 per bag subsidy; however, this subsidy will not be available on
exports of fertiliser.

The ECC was informed that there was 1.7 million tones of urea stock with
fertiliser companies, including 0.27 million tonnes of imported urea, with the
National Fertilisers Marketing Limited. Similarly, the government is expecting
new urea production of 2.59 million tonnes, which makes the total availability
of urea at 4.32 million tonnes. The expected utilisation of urea in Rabi season
is around 3.3 million tonnes against the overall availability of 4.32 million
tonnes, leaving one million tonnes in surplus.

The Ministry of Commerce has recommended the ECC to allow urea export with
certain conditions, including registration of an export contract with the Trade
Development Authority of Pakistan, and allow export till April 28, 2017. The
Fertiliser Review Committee (FRC) will meet after April 28 to review exported
quantities.

The State Bank of Pakistan will monitor the export quantity like the mechanism
adopted for sugar exports. The Fertiliser Review Committee (FRC) will monitor
domestic prices of urea on a monthly basis and in case of an abnormal increase
in retail price as per weekly sensitive price index, the FRC will recommend to
ECC discontinuation of further exports. The permission for export was given in
view of around one million metric tonnes of surplus urea fertiliser in the
country.

The ECC approved, in principle, payment of outstanding claim of PASSCO on
account of supply of wheat in 2008-2009, and directed the Ministry of National
Food Security and Research and PASSCO to reconcile the outstanding amount with
the Ministry of Finance.

The ECC recognised the contributions and services of recently retired Dr Waqar
Masood Khan and Nisar Muhammad, both as ex-officio participants of the ECC and
as secretary of Finance Division and secretary/chairman of Revenue Division/FBR,
respectively.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

OUR OPINION: Subsidy check: Worth or waste?;
New Deal holdovers need to be expired

BYLINE: DAVID MCNAUGHTON, LYLE V. HARRIS; Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 827 words


President Franklin D. Roosevelt probably didn't have the likes of former NBA
star Scottie Pippen or Gov. Sonny Perdue in mind when he proposed government
subsidies to rescue failing American farmers in the 1930s. Even so, the two have
collected farm subsidies: almost $79,000 for Pippen and just over $116,000 for
Perdue.

That's the trouble with government subsidies; beside being expensive, even
well-meaning programs have unintended consequences or outlive their usefulness.
Others --- the worst of the lot --- are invented to pander to a constituency or
to funnel benefits to the chosen few.

Of course, what one taxpayer curses as a waste of public money, another welcomes
as a well-deserved assistance. And almost everyone gets some sort of subsidy.
You and your mortgage-paying neighbors, for example, cost the federal government
about $75 billion a year by claiming the interest deduction. That's a subsidy,
too, and it's worth several times more than what's doled out to farmers every
year.

Subsidies are back in the news because lawmakers are looking for ways to promote
alternative energy sources by creating various "incentives" --- a euphemism for
the "s" word. With billions of taxpayer dollars at stake, voters need to let
lawmakers know what if any subsidies should be continued and which ones deserve
to disappear. Here are some of the biggest government subsidies, separated into
three categories.

THE GOOD

Education subsidies, from Head Start to the college loan program, pay dividends.
The former give the children of low-income families a better foundation for
their school years, for example. Loan subsidies reduce the financial burden of
college and encourage more youngsters to continue their education beyond high
school.

Total = $6.7 billion (Head Start)

Housing subsidies work on several levels. The deduction for home mortgage
interest encourages home ownership, which in turn contributes to the economy
with construction jobs and demand for products from lumber to housewares.

For those too poor to buy a home, a subsidy in the form of Section 8 housing
vouchers helps families move out of public housing and into privately owned
homes as renters.

Total = $16 billion a year (Section 8)

THE BAD

As an incentive to domestic ethanol producers, the United States levies a
54-cent per gallon tariff on imported ethanol and gives domestic producers a
51-cent per gallon tax credit. That's difficult to defend when the United States
is trying to increase ethanol use.

It has also become increasingly questionable because the race to make more
corn-based ethanol is driving up the price of many foods --- everything from
steak to corn flakes. It doesn't help that corn is already the nation's most
heavily subsidized crop and ranks poorly compared to other biofuels as a
substitute for gasoline.

TOTAL = $6.3 billion

Despite raking in windfall profits, the oil and gas industries continue to be
one of the biggest winners in the federal subsidy sweepstakes. Among the overly
generous giveaways they were granted in the 2005 energy bill was in direct
payments to encourage drilling in deepwater wells, accelerated depreciation on
property owned by natural gas companies and waivers that lower the amount of
royalties they pay for drilling conducted on federal lands. The current energy
bill approved by the Senate last week would end some of those subsidies.

Total = $12 billion

THE UGLY

Agriculture prices were so low during the Depression that farmers couldn't pay
their bills. As a result, so many farms were foreclosed on or abandoned that
President Roosevelt worried the country would lose the ability to produce an
adequate and dependable supply of food. Equally troubling, penniless farmers
couldn't afford to buy goods that American factories could produce, so factories
closed too.

Prosperity has returned to farming, but the subsidies hang on, inviting fraud,
distorting international trade and principally rewarding a relatively few
operators and major corporations, such as Archer Daniels Midland, who run large
farm operations.

Total = $22 billion a year

"Clean" Coal Technology: As expensive boondoggles go, this one's a doozy.
Although technologically feasible (Hitler used it successfully during World War
II), converting coal into a liquid fuel on a large scale would undoubtedly
exacerbate the effects of global warming by racheting up carbon emissions, which
means it's not so clean in the first place. Fortunately, the Senate rejected a
measure that would have upped the ante for clean coal development to $10 billion
in subsidies over ten years.

Total = $5.7 billion a year

It's worth noting that President Roosevelt's first stab at farm subsidies, the
Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1933, was struck down as unconstitutional by the
U.S. Supreme Court. Some of the most wasteful subsidies ought to suffer a
similar fate at the hands of Congress.

--- David McNaughton(dmcnaughton@ajc.com and Lyle V. Harris (lharris@ajc.com)
for the editorial board

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Sask. businesses were subsidized $18.3B

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, The Starphoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: REGINA


Saskatchewan taxpayers have subsidized businesses to the tune of $18.3 billion
in the three decades from 1980 to 2009 - fifth-highest among the provinces -
according to a study released Tuesday by the Fraser Institute.

Saskatchewan was by no means the biggest spender. Among the provinces, Quebec
spent the most on government subsidies ($115.5 billion) followed by Alberta
($49.9 billion), Ontario ($46.7 billion) and B.C. ($34.5 billion), while Prince
Edward Island ($1.5 billion) spent the least, the study said.

Manitoba spent only $10.5 billion, while the remainder of the Atlantic Provinces
spent less than $5 billion each during the nearly 30-year period.

The study by the Vancouver-based conservative think-tank includes federal,
provincial and municipal government subsidies to private sector business and
Crown corporations. It also includes indirect transfers to consumers, through
subsidized or reduced electricity and heating bills.

From 1980 to 2009, federal, provincial and local governments in Canada doled out
$683.9 billion in subsidies, said the study, entitled Government Subsidies in
Canada: A $684 Billion Price Tag. The $684-billion subsidy bill included $342.6
billion from the federal government, $287 billion from provincial governments,
and $54.2 billion from local governments. Total subsidies peaked in 1984 at
$34.8 billion, dropped to a low of $11.6 billion in 1998, then rose to $24.4
billion in 2009. On a per-taxpayer basis, the cost for subsidies in 2009 was
equivalent to $1,507, nearly double the 1998 pertaxpayer rate of $797.

"Politicians and policymakers create and maintain these subsidies but
ultimately, taxpayers pay the freight," said Mark Milke, study author and senior
fellow at the Fraser Institute.

Unlike Alberta and Ontario, where government-mandated reductions in power bills
for consumers account for a significant portion of subsidy spending, Quebec
generally subsidizes businesses directly. In 2009, Quebec subsidy spending hit a
record high of $7.2 billion.

"The Quebec government leads the country in corporate welfare spending," Milke
said. In Quebec, subsidies increased almost every year, and the bulk of the
subsidies went to private businesses and government businesses - not ordinary
consumers.

The study raises questions about fairness and transparency, and the
politicization of subsidy spending. "Subsidies often cater to special interest
groups that may support or oppose politicians with an eye on government
handouts. At the very least, governments should lift the veil of secrecy that
often shrouds repayment records and other aspects of subsidy spending," Milke
added. bjohnstone@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Quarterly Updates to the Annual Listing of Foreign Government Subsidies:
Articles of Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty

LENGTH: 457  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the International Trade
Administration (ITA)

Dates

Effective Date: February 10, 2015.
For Further Information Contact

Stephanie Moore, AD/CVD Operations, Office III, Enforcement and Compliance,
International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, 14th Street and
Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230, telephone: (202) 482-3692.
Supplementary Information

Section 702 of the Trade Agreements Act of 1979 (as amended) (the Act) requires
the Department of Commerce (the Department) to determine, in consultation with
the Secretary of Agriculture, whether any foreign government is providing a
subsidy with respect to any article of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of
duty, as defined in section 702(h) of the Act, and to publish quarterly updates
to the type and amount of those subsidies. We hereby provide the Department's
quarterly update of subsidies on articles of cheese that were imported during
the periods July 1, 2014 through September 30, 2014.

The Department has developed, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture,
information on subsidies, as defined in section 702(h) of the Act, being
provided either directly or indirectly by foreign governments on articles of
cheese subject to an in-quota rate of duty. The appendix to this notice lists
the country, the subsidy program or programs, and the gross and net amounts of
each subsidy for which information is currently available. The Department will
incorporate additional programs which are found to constitute subsidies, and
additional information on the subsidy programs listed, as the information is
developed.

The Department encourages any person having information on foreign government
subsidy programs which benefit articles of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of
duty to submit such information in writing to the Assistant Secretary for
Enforcement and Compliance, U.S. Department of Commerce, 14th Street and
Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230.

This determination and notice are in accordance with section 702(a) of the Act.
Dated: February 3, 2015.
Paul Piquado,
Assistant Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance.
Appendix
Subsidy Programs on Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty Country
Program(s) Gross 1 subsidy($/lb) Net 2 subsidy($/lb)
28 European Union Member States 3  European Union Restitution Payments $0.00
$0.00
Canada Export Assistance on Certain Types of Cheese 0.38 0.38
Norway Indirect (Milk) Subsidy 0.00 0.00
 Consumer Subsidy  0.00  0.00
 Total 0.00 0.00
Switzerland Deficiency Payments 0.00 0.00
[FR Doc. 2015-02723 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-DS-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

ANC looks at 'subsidies for commuters'

BYLINE: NICKY SMITH

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 622  words


ANC looks at 'subsidies for commuters'

Transport Editor

THE African National Congress (ANC) is planning to review public transport
subsidies with a view to possibly overhaul the structure of subsidised transport
by allocating the money directly to commuters - under the existing system
service providers are paid by the state on behalf of commuters.

Public transport subsidies are largely available to commuters who use Metrorail
and bus services that operate under government contracts. But the subsidies
available to commuters are said to be inadequate. Combined the rail and bus
subsidies cost about R10bn a year.

The ruling party has established a study group and will meet public transport
providers - including bus associations and taxi operator associations and
commuter representative groups - to discuss the matter on September 17.

ANC member Ruth Bhengu, chairwoman of Parliament's transport committee, said
last week the group felt it was & high time that the transport subsidy is
reviewed and discussed within the context of ensuring universal access to
transport and an integrated transport system& To this end there was & a need for
considering the introduction of a transport subsidy system that targets the
commuter/passenger as opposed to the existing subsidy that targets a service
provider,& Ms Bhengu said.

Metrorail and certain bus operators are the only recipients of public transport
subsidies. & The ANC study group feels that a subsidy that goes direct to the
commuter/passenger would have far reaching positive benefits.& Head of the
department of transport and supply chain management at the University of
Johannesburg, Prof Jackie Walters, said it was not the first time this &
expensive& and & unworkable& reform to transport subsidies had been considered.

& This idea has been around for years ... I remember the DoT (Department of
Transport) looked at this years ago and it was proven too costly and too complex
to manage - there are too many questions around that kind of system,& Prof
Walters said.

For example, Prof Walters said, the existing system's administration costs were
between 3% and 5% of the subsidy, while the proposed new model would cost
anything from 15% to 30%.

The logistics of managing the proposed system would be problematic, and it would
require that the state identify targeted user groups and monitor the use of the
funds for public transport purposes - and the administrative costs of these are
prohibitive.

& You can just imagine how difficult this could be when you look at the abuse
with the child grant systems. But now you extend a subsidy, because everyone
must have access to transport, how would you be able to manage that and to
ensure that the people who need the subsidy get the subsidy?& Prof Walter asked.

& The ideology is nice but from a logistical point of view it would be a
nightmare,& he said. The timing of the review was also interesting since there
was a national election next year.

Stephen Sangweni, the president of the South African Commuters Organisation,
said he was pleased that the state was considering the system it had been
lobbying for since 1996.

& We support this idea and are very happy it is being considered,& Mr Sangweni
said. He suggested that a smart-card system be used to address some of the
abuses and unintended consequences raised by Prof Walters.

For years, taxi operators have lobbied the government to receive subsidies for
their operations. Minibus taxis provide about two-thirds of all daily commuter
trips in SA. The state has undertaken to restructure the public transport
sector, which would allow for the greater inclusion of taxi operators, including
the possibility of subsidies which are currently directed towards bus operators.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: 'Agri subsidies in India three times higher than Pakistan'

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Jan. 24 -- Agriculture subsidies in India are almost three times higher
than in Pakistan, according to a study conducted by the United States. According
to the study conducted by senior economists about the state of affairs of
agriculture sectors of India and Pakistan, India gave subsidies worth $53
billion to the agriculture sector in 2008-09, while Pakistan provided subsidies
of $2.676 billion. In India, subsidies are 5.2 percent of the gross national
product (GNP), while in Pakistan subsidies are just 1.2 percent of GNP.

Referring to the data compiled by the WTO Trade Policy Review, it is assessed in
a study conducted under the aegis of US Agency for International Development
(USAID) that agriculture subsidy has been calculated at 15.3 percent of the
value of production. In Pakistan, subsidies are 4.9 percent of value of
production. Subsidies as of value-added in agriculture stood at 23 percent in
India, while in Pakistan, subsidies are just 6.2 percent of the value-added in
agriculture.

The contents of the report were also explained to the highups of the ministry of
commerce in a presentation on potential impact, level playing field and policy
options of Pakistan- India trade liberalisation last week. The trade
negotiations between India and Pakistan gained momentum last year. However,
recent tension on borders has led to dampening such activities.

Nevertheless, as a strategic initiative, the two countries have been working
jointly for increasing trade between them. Agriculture subsidies to Indian
farmers, on the other hand, have been the source of concern for the farming
community of Pakistan. Local farmers believe that the cost of production of
Indian farmers is considerably less as compared to them.

Meanwhile, according to a report prepared by the United States International
Trade Commission in 2011, agricultural trade policy in India is part of a larger
food and agriculture policy regime that seeks to maintain food self-sufficiency,
while providing income support to the agricultural sector and poor consumers.
The government of India uses a variety of policy instruments in attempting to
achieve these goals, including domestic subsidies to inputs, output,
transportations, storage and consumption to reduce producers cost and consumer
prices. Other policy instruments are aimed at measures such as subsidies,
tariff, quotas, and nontariff measures to protect domestic producers from import
competition, manage domestic price level and guarantee domestic supply, it said.

As per the assessment of USITC, inputs subsidies are the most expensive aspect
of India's food and agriculture policy regime, requiring a steadily larger
budget share. Such quantum of subsidies results in effective financial support
to the farmers of 40 to 75 percent for fertiliser and 70 to 90 percent for
irrigation and electricity. India's agricultural sector is more dependent on
input subsidies than that of the other large emerging economies. In calendar
year 2007, India's input subsidies were equal to 9.6 percent of the value of its
total agricultural output as compared to less than five percent for China,
Brazil and Russia, it said Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 10, 1990, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

BUSH ATTACKS FARM SUBSIDIES PAYMENTS BRING RISK OF TRADE WAR, HE WARNS EUROPE

BYLINE: Lawrence M. O'Rourke Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1840 words


HOUSTON - President George Bush opened the annual Western economic summit
meeting Monday by warning of the risk of an international trade war if Europe
refuses to reduce its farm subsidies.  With the leaders of the major
industrialized democracies gathered in Houston, Bush said he was prepared to
fight for cuts in U.S. government aid to farmers and to take the political
criticism. He urged the other government leaders from Japan, West Germany,
Canada, Italy, Britain and France to do the same.  In a direct challenge to
Europe, Bush insisted that the nations of the Common Market, including West
Germany, France and Italy, must phase out their $10 billion annual export
subsidies over the next five years.  Several of the European leaders told Bush
that his demand could not be met, that European politics would not allow it. A
Japanese official said the farm discussion between Bush and the Europeans was
''heated.'' White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Bush had asked for a
''strong'' statement on farm subsidies and trade talks.  But ''divergent views''
surfaced at the meeting, Fitzwater said. ''There is not unanimity of opinion at
this point,'' he said, ''but it's moving in a good direction.'' The dispute over
farm subsidies - along with differences on aid to the Soviet Union and China,
how to protect the environment and ways to help poor nations deal with their
staggering debt - increased the risk that the meeting in Houston may reveal more
disunity than unity among the major industrialized democracies. Bush told other
participants that Western farm subsidies hurt the world's poorest nations.  U.S.
Agriculture Secretary Clayton K. Yeutter said Europe had so far insisted on at
least ''a thousand years'' before ending farm subsidies.  Yeutter said the
United States wanted to stop its $500 million annual export subsidy as quickly
as possible, but he indicated that the U.S. subsidy will remain until Europe
acts.  Bush told his fellow leaders that their refusal to make progress toward
cutting farm-export subsidies would prevent completion of the current round of
international trade negotiations, scheduled for completion in December.  Yeutter
said Bush had promised that the United States would put all ''trade-distorting''
measures on the negotiating table.  U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills said
that farm subsidies were the ''linchpin'' of trade talks. She said Bush hoped
the meeting in Houston would make Europeans aware that the subsidies that go to
their farmers cost Europeans hundreds of thousands of jobs and raise food
prices.  Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu said that his country was willing
to reduce the special advantages, including subsidies, it extended to its rice
farmers, but not until the Europeans agree to cut back subsidies to their
farmers. Kaifu said he supported Bush's position that Europe cease its
farm-export subsidies.  Bush's insistence that the Europeans end the $10 billion
in export subsidies through its Common Agricultural Program amounted to a
concession by the president that the U.S. goal of a total end to all farm
supports could not be forwarded in Houston.  White House Chief of Staff John H.
Sununu declined to say if Bush had abandoned that goal, which was a favorite
point raised at summit meetings by former President Ronald Reagan.  In a news
conference arranged by U.S. officials, former U.S. Trade Representative William
E. Brock predicted that failure in the international trade talks might lead to a
stock market crash, higher interest rates, pressure in Congress for
protectionism and ''the flowering of nationalism.'' Dean Kleckner, president of
the American Farm Bureau, said the number of Americans engaged in farming would
continue to drop if the subsidies were eliminated.  He said that U.S. farmers
benefited from U.S. farm subsidies, just as European farmers do. ''We in the
United States do our share,'' Kleckner said at the news conference.  The
confrontation over farm subsidies and trade was the first of several divisive
issues to surface at what Bush described as the first summit meeting of the
''post-postwar era.'' Standing in the quadrangle of Rice University on a hot,
muggy afternoon, Bush told his fellow leaders: ''We're called upon as allies and
as friends to work toward decisions here in Houston that will bring a new
stability and prosperity to the world by tapping the power and energy of free
wills and free markets.'' Bush and his guests stood on a platform vented so that
cold air could be pumped on the leaders.  Aid To Soviets The unity of the
leaders was to be put to the test Monday night at a discussion at dinner of a
proposal to give money and credits to the Soviet Union.  Sununu said Bush was
steadfast in his refusal to send any U.S. money to the Soviet Union until that
nation makes additional economic changes, halts aid to Cuba and stops expensive
modernization of its military.  But Sununu offered the first possibility of a
compromise by Bush that could allow the seven summit leaders to issue a common
communique on the subject of Soviet aid.  Noting that the administration
supported technical assistance to the Soviet Union, Sununu said the definition
of technical assistance could be interpreted in several ways. Bush has already
promised Soviet president Mikhail S.  Gorbachev that the United States is
willing to give the Soviet Union information on how to set up a private banking
system.  Sununu said the United States would like the World Bank and the
International Monetary Fund to study the Soviet economy and make assessments of
its needs.  West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, French President Francois
Mitterrand, Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and Italian Prime Minister
Giulio Andreotti favor offering Gorbachev either money or credits for the Soviet
Union to buy abroad the equipment it needs to build up its economy.  A spokesman
for the French government said Mitterrand had told Bush that direct aid to the
Soviet Union was ''urgently needed and justifiable.'' Environment On the
environment, Sununu said that Bush anticipated that European leaders would press
the United States to agree on targets and a timetable to reduce global warming
by reducing air pollution. The president will refuse, pointing out the need to
maintain a balance between environmental protection and ''economic vitality,''
Sununu said.  He said that 96 percent of the emissions that cause global warming
come from natural sources. In a statement distributed at the summit meeting's
press headquarters, Michael Fischer, president of the Sierra Club, said Sununu
had made ''a gross distortion of scientific fact.'' Fitzwater said Bush had told
the leaders at the opening session that preservation of forests and global
protection should be endorsed at the meeting in Houston.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO (COLOR)...AP...President George Bush, flanked by visiting
world leaders, walking through the Rice University campus in Houston on Monday
as they head for the first session of the economic summit meeting. Bush is host
for the meetings. PHOTO...AP...President George Bush thanking country singers
Charlie Pride (left) after Pride and Bill Monroe performed Sunday at a
Texas-style rodeo for visiting world leaders in Houston.

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                  Pune Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 630 words


There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the registered
consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more than Rs 10
lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday .

The cap will come into effect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of selfdeclaration at the time of booking a refill
in keeping with the "government's approach of trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so

that clean fuel can be provided to those who are still dependent on firewood or
cowdung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The

ministry's move will ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their subsidy , once the criteria are implemented fully by linking
the PAN number to the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it may also
raise the hackles of several middle-class voters.

The move indicates the Modi government's resolve to tackle the issue of kitchen
subsidy , long a holy cow of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with
various plans in the past but floundered under political pressure.

Governments have toyed with various ideas to tackle LPG subsidy but have
floundered under political pulls and pressures. The Modi government's move to
end the subsidy for all those earning above Rs 10 lakh marks the first time that
a concrete step has been taken. The United Front government in 1997 unveiled a
comprehensive oil reforms package with timelines for deregulating fuel prices
and removing subsidies. Carrying forward that decision, the ministry under Ram
Naik during the NDA-I rule decided in 2002 to first freeze -and then gradually
phase out -LPG subsidy by raising rates in small measures. But this plan was
dumped as polls neared and oil prices spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy , first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly , households with a
car, house or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy . But the plan did not move
beyond the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on November 7, oil minister

Dharmendra Pradhan had last month given an indication that the government was
looking at stripping the rich of subsidy with the aim of ensuring more
responsible use of public money. \x93I humbly submit that the time has come for
the government, the finance ministry can determine, that people in a particular
income bracket should not be given the subsidy\x85 The question as to who should
get subsidy should be debated.

Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket,\x94
Pradhan had told the finance ministry\x92s Delhi Economics Conclave on November
6.

The oil minister was reacting to a question from finance minister Arun Jaitley,
who asked whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan DhanAadhaar-Mobile)
programme aimed at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the
subsidy to people within a particular income bracket.

Nearly a year ago, Jaitley had told a media event in Delhi that \x93the next
important decision India will have to take is whether people like me... (are)
entitled to get our LPG subsidy. I think the sooner we are able to take these
decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies \x97 of course some people
would be \x97 the better it would be for our system. These decisions are all on
our agenda.\x94

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

[ed] Mobile subsidy war

BYLINE: By contrast, the business suspensions will help increase mobile
carriers' earnings because they don't have to spend on subsidies. According to
Daishin Securities Co., the three carriers may save up to 600 billion won in
marketing costs during the 45-day business suspension.

LENGTH: 425 words


There are many bizarre things in Korea, and one of them is for the government to
slap sanctions on mobile carriers for providing customers with subsidies on
purchases of phones and service plans beyond the legal ceiling currently set at
270,000 won per unit.

On the surface, it would benefit consumers if they could buy handsets cheaply
thanks to subsidies. But the reality is quite the opposite, given that
operators' fierce subsidy war results in consumers bearing the burden
ultimately.

The fact is that the nation's three mobile carriers - SK Telecom, KT and LG U+ -
feel it more advantageous to entice subscribers to change their carriers through
subsidies despite huge fines and business suspensions. Thus, some stores and
retailers often offer the newest handsets for free if guerrilla smartphone
subsidies emerge over the weekend, when the authorities loosen their crackdown
on illegal subsidies.

Last week, the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning imposed 45-day
business suspensions each on the three carriers for violating a corrective order
involving excessive smartphone subsidies. The Korea Communications Commission
also slapped business suspensions and fines on SK Telecom and LG U+ in an
unprecedented double punishment.

Yet mobile subsidies are not always bad. In fact, they have played a significant
role in elevating Korea to the ranks of IT powerhouses, enabling consumers to
buy handsets cheaply and phone manufacturers to produce and sell handsets
continuously. The result is what we see today - IT Korea.

As far as mobile subsidies are concerned, the telecom regulator deserves blame
for its zigzagging policies. At one point, it legally prohibited subsidies, but
soon lifted the ban causing consumers to be confused about subsidies.
Fundamentally, the regulator has not forsaken its regulatory control on mobile
rates in what appears to be a move aimed at protecting the carriers, prompting
their overblown marketing competition through subsidies.

What's most ironic is that the regulator's sanctions have produced innocent
victims. During the period of business suspension, smartphone retailers and
manufacturers suffer huge lost sales and consumers can't subscribe to phone
service and change carriers.

Now it's time to put an end to the vicious circle of illegal subsidies and
penalties in the telecom sector. The goal is clear: let mobile operators go head
to head over rates, not subsidies, and in the process, consumer benefits should
be maximized. This requires the regulator to make mobile rates free from
regulation.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Government to determine eligibility of cash subsidies applicants - Iran paper

LENGTH: 1360 words


Text of unattributed report headlined: "The needy to receive subsidies as
determined by the government" by Iranian newspaper Keyhan on 18 February.

Based on Majlis legislation, after the start of the year 93 [21 March 2014] cash
subsidies will be paid only to the heads of applicant households determined by
the government to be in need of subsidies.

At Monday's open session of parliament the deputies of the Islamic Consultative
Majlis examined the 92 General National Budget Bill returned from the Guardian
Council.

It is noted that to overcome a Guardian Council objection, at its Sunday evening
session the Compound Commission provided a replacement for a note approved by
the Majlis that said in the year 93 the government can take 59 trillion in
revenues out of the Targeted Subsidies. Therefore examination of the measure by
the Compound Commission about the Targeted Subsidies, was placed on the Islamic
Consultative Majlis agenda.

71-Per cent price increase for energy carriers?

In this regard Ahmad Tavakoli, deputy from Tehran, presented a memo at the
session noting that when this note is approved the price of energy carriers will
increase 71 per cent. He said: Based on Majlis Guidelines, measures approved in
open session cannot be changed and the only matters that should be examined in
the motions and bills are the ones to which the Guardian Council has objected.

Continuing Mohammad Baqer Nobakht, the vice-president of the republic for
planning and strategic oversight, spoke in agreement with the Compound
Commission's proposal on Note 21. He said: Based on the existing situation, to
obtain the resources for the Targeted Subsidies the government needs to withdraw
11.2 trillion tumans [approx 3.8bn dollars] from the Treasury without regard for
production or healthcare and treatment. Should this situation continue for
another year, or should we take a courageous step to correct it?

Nobakht emphasized: We are making decisions about economic measures in the year
93. It must be stipulated whether this situation should continue where people
are insisting on spending more subsidies without paying any attention to
healthcare and treatment or production, or should the situation be corrected?

He said in the existing situation we pay cash subsidies to households. He said:
Ten percent of the Targeted Subsidies Resources is paid for healthcare and
treatment and 10 billion tumans of these resources are allocated to the
production sector.

Likewise Alireza Mesbahi-Moqaddam, chairman of the Majlis Compound Commission,
said concerning this: The implementation of the Targeted Subsidies Law was a
courageous measure and if the Seventh Majlis and the Eighth Majlis had not had
this courage, this law would not have been implemented now and in the last two
decades parliaments and governments would not have had the courage to implement
this law.

He implored the deputies to take another step for implementation of the second
phase of the Targeted Subsidies because ending implementation of this law will
hurt the government. As the session continued the deputies of the nation voted
in favour of Note 21 of this bill about implementing the Targeted Subsidies Law,
with 118 votes in support, 74 votes in opposition and 11 abstentions of the 215
deputies present in the open Majlis.

The text of Note 21 is the following:

In implementation of the Targeted Subsidies Law enacted 15/10/1388 [5 January
2010], in the year 1393 the government is authorized to distribute to households
in need the financial resources obtained through the correction of the prices of
the goods and services given in this law and its subsidies resources, using
various cash, non-cash and insurance service payment methods, with priority to
the producing sector as follows:

A - The revenues obtained with the implementation of this law in the year 1393
up to R480 trillion rials [R] will be stipulated with the correction of the
prices of the goods and services given in articles one and three of this law.

B - The resources given in Paragraph A and the resources pertaining to subsidies
for bread, electrical power and the other goods and services included in this
law will be spent as follows:

1 - The amount of R100,000 trillion in implementation of Article 8 of the
Targeted Subsidies Law with priority to helping the production sector, improving
public transportation and optimizing energy consumption in production, service
and housing units

2 - The amount of R48,000 trillion to strengthen the health system

3 - The amount of R425,000 trillion for the cash and non-cash payments given in
Article 7 of the Targeted Subsidies Law

4 - The amount of R20,000 trillion for unemployment insurance and for support of
the unemployed applicants given in Article 7 of the Targeted Subsidies Law will
be allocated for insurance coverage and social supports.

J - Reallocations of up to 10 percent are authorized in the above instances.

D - 100 percent of the resources obtained by increasing the price of electrical
power will be deposited into a special National Treasury account and will be
allocated to the electrical power industry based on the provisions of Article 8
of the Targeted Subsidies Law.

h - In cities with populations above one million or that have pollution as
determined by the Environmental Protection Organization, special fees will be
set by the Council of Ministers for fighting pollution and helping with the
development of public transportation; the revenue obtained will be deposited in
revenue row 160149 Table 5 of this law; 100 percent of the funds obtained up to
a maximum of R11,000 billion from row 530000-139 Table 9 of this law will be
provided as revenue to each of these cities.

V - Cash subsidies will be paid only to applicant heads of households who are
determined by the government to be in need of subsidies (with total annual
incomes less than the figure stipulated by the government) and applicants for
cash subsidies must report to registration centers at the designated times. If
it is determined after investigation that people have received subsidies with
incomes greater than the above amount, they will be fined three times the amount
of the subsidies received.

The executive guidelines for this note will be prepared within three months by
the Office of Vice-President of the Republic for Strategic Planning and
Oversight with cooperation from the Ministry of Economic and Financial Affairs,
the Ministry of Oil and the Ministry of Industry, Mines and Commerce and with
the approval of the Council of Ministers.

Deputies statement of thanks to nation of Iran

The Majlis deputies signed a statement thanking the nation of Iran for its
ardent turnout at this year's glorious 22 Bahman [11 February] march. Part of
this statement said: We the Majlis deputies thank you the nation again and we
consider ourselves determined and obligated to serve you; we sincerely thank the
Proceedings Coordination Council which with better and more management and with
various national and province programs brought about the nation's presence at
the 22 Bahman march. We also thank the other serving agents and officials who
worked on this march.

Interpellation of minister of roads begins

Citing Constitution Article 89 and Article 214 of the Majlis Internal Guidelines
a number of Islamic Consultative Majlis deputies called for the interpellation
of the minister of roads and urban construction. In this regard 15 Majlis
deputies presented to the Speaker's Council the interpellation of the minister
of roads and urban construction because of the failure to implement the Mashhad
- Gorgan Railroad Project despite the approval of a budget of 960 million Euros.

At the end of Monday's session Mohammad Reza Bahonar, second deputy speaker of
the Islamic Consultative Majlis, said the next Majlis session will be held on
Wednesday the 30th of Bahman [19 February]. He said: We have an official session
on Wednesday at 8:00 a.m. and we will examine continuation of the weekly agenda
before examining the budget.

At the end he invited the deputies to attend the International Meeting of
Islamic Parliaments on Tuesday.

Source: Keyhan website, Tehran, in Persian 18 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               December 19, 2012

Need for Targeted Subsidy [editorial]

LENGTH: 481 words


In Nigeria, subsidy has become an exercise steeped in corruption. But subsidy is
good if well targeted. The chief executive officer of Nigerian Bank for
Agriculture, Alhaji Mohammed Santuraki, said recently in an interview that less
than 11 percent of the subsidy on agriculture gets to the real farmers.

It is worse in the oil sector where almost nothing gets to the consumers.

The subsidy protests of January this year opened the eyes of Nigerians to the
rip-off in that sector. Nigerians were told that close to N2.6 trillion was
wasted on supposed subsidy.

Again, there is nothing bad in subsidising critical sectors of the economy that
impact directly on the life of the average citizen. The challenge we have is
being able to target subsidy so that it gets to the beneficiaries. The problem
with subsidy in the two sectors mentioned is that it has become an instrument
for political patronage. Being a big time politician or political financier is
all that is required for one to be a middleman and be in a position to dictate
the flow of subsidy fund.

Elsewhere in the world, such as the United States of America and Europe,
government subsidises certain critical areas and they make sure that it gets to
the intended beneficiaries.

We argue that subsidy must not necessarily come in cash form. Putting in place a
sustainable value chain can be considered as subsidy. For instance, in the
agricultural sector, construction and maintenance of functional dams to make
possible all-season farming, access roads to the farms to ease the process of
evacuating produce, government buying up excess produce at current prices and/or
providing storage facilities can all be subsidy of some sort because the farmer
is assured of the vital infrastructure as well as market for his produce and
revenue will enhance his business.

In the oil sector, it is our opinion that all the talk of subsidy would have
been unnecessary if the refineries were all working to installed capacity. If
the oil majors and some private sector operators were compelled to take active
part in the downstream sector, there would not have been any argument about
subsidy: because there would not have been any need to import petroleum products
in the first place.

For the real sector of the economy, stability of key infrastructure like power
supply, water, roads and government policies can also be some sort of subsidy to
be transmitted to the final consumer in the form of affordable prices of goods
and services.

We, therefore, insist that the subsidy policy as presently packaged is wasteful
and breeds monumental corruption. It is attractive only to politicians who see
it as their own slice of the national cake. A transformation of the nation's
infrastructure and the refineries will go a long way in making the process
smoother, more cost effective and efficient with the average citizen getting the
real feel of it.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            February 8, 2015 Sunday

Fertiliser subsidy may touch Rs 71,000 cr in FY16: Ind-Ra report

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, Feb. 8 -- Fertiliser subsidy for FY16 is expected to increase to about
Rs 71,000 crore from around Rs 65,000 crore in FY15, says a report by India
Ratings & Research (Ind-Ra).


 Ind-Ra expects subsidy bills to increase to around Rs 71,000 crore (at a gas
price of about USD 6.0/mmbtu) for FY16 from around Rs 65,000 crore in FY15.
 Increasing subsidies by the government have remained insufficient, resulting in
a carry forward to next year. FY15 has not been any different and saw a spill
over of the FY14 subsidy of around Rs 30,000 crore.
 The build-up of subsidy dues and a lag in their payments in the second half of
every year will continue unless allocations are increased or subsidy obligations
are reduced through bold reforms such as decontrolling urea prices and moving
the commodity under NBS regime, it said.
 Delayed subsidy receivables have become a standard characteristic of the
industry with bills remaining pending for as long as six months at times.
 Since subsidy forms a substantial portion of the gross sales of fertiliser
companies, the delay leads to the funding of subsidy through short-term
borrowings which severely impacts their working capital cycle.
 Additionally, borrowing cost does not form a part of subsidy reimbursement and
is borne by fertiliser companies, which poses an interest burden and
significantly impacts their interest coverage.
 In view of delay on the part of the government in undertaking comprehensive
fertiliser reforms, Ind-Ra has maintained a stable to negative outlook on the
fertiliser sector for FY16.
 The industry continues to face challenges such as insufficient subsidy
allocation in Budget, unfavourable policies for setting up new urea facilities,
weak government support for setting up of overseas JVs and delays in providing
interim relief to naptha-based urea producers, the report said.
 It added that urea retail prices, delays in subsidy payments to fertiliser
manufacturers and domestic gas pricing & availability remain a concern.
 "We expect the government to push reforms to reduce its subsidy burden by
decontrolling urea prices and bringing it under the Nutrient-based Subsidy (NBS)
regime.
 "A series of reforms are long due in the sector primarily because of lack of
government initiative, with subsidy bills and import dependence increasing by
the year and no major policy reforms undertaken since the FY11 introduction of
NBS," it said.
 The recent natural gas price increase will seriously impact the EBITDA of
fertiliser manufacturers for post cut-off production.
 Also, amendments in the existing urea investment policy are awaited to make
further investments in the fertiliser industry lucrative, it added.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                          September 23, 2009 Wednesday

Obama to press G20 leaders to cut fossil fuel subsidies that benefit big
business

BYLINE: Suzanne Goldenbergguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 616 words

ABSTRACT

US president to propose elimination of tax breaks and cheap loans as
'downpayment to end global warming'

FULL TEXT

Barack Obama will press leaders at the G20 summit tomorrow to end the billions
of dollars of subsidies that encourage the use of fossil fuels around the world
and help drive climate change.

Obama, who will host the summit in Pittsburgh, will propose a gradual
elimination of the tax breaks, cheap loans and other measures extended to oil,
gas, coal and electricity producers. The White House said elimination of the
subsidies would be a "significant downpayment" to ending global warming.

Studies from the International Energy Agency (IEA) and the Organisation for
Economic Development (OECD) have estimated that carbon saving of ending
subsidies would be 10% by 2020.

But an end to the subsidies would bring world leaders into conflict with
powerful fossil fuel lobbies as well as developing nations where the subsidies
make fuel affordable. Over the past six years, oil and coal producers in the US
received more than double the subsidy of renewable energy companies.

The world's biggest polluters - America, India, China, Brazil and Russia - all
offer significant subsidies, totalling many billions of dollars every year which
encourage the use of fossil fuel. OECD and IEA studies also found that last
year, countries who subsidised fossil fuel increased their consumption by
1barrels of oil and in countries without subsidies, consumption fell by 1.5m
barrels.

Another OECD report last week noted that removing the subsidies would free up
cash for programmes that could help the poor. "Removing environmentally harmful
subsidies would be an important first step," the OECD secretary-general Angel
Gurría said. "It would also improve economic efficiency. For instance, the
budgetary savings could be used to reduce other distorting taxes or to alleviate
poverty in a more targeted and efficient way."

Obama has already faced multimillon dollar lobbying campaigns against his
proposals to force cuts in US greenhouse gas emissions.

The US government has consistently offered more tax breaks and other incentives
to the oil and gas industry - rather than producers of renewable energy -
undermining efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. In the last six years,
oil and coal producers got $72bn in tax breaks compared with $29bn for renewable
energy, said a report from the Environmental Law Institute.

Developing nations also spent heavily on fuel subsidies - and they are seen as
crucial to keep prices low for the poor. Twenty of the largest non-OECD
countries together spent $400m on subsidies last year.

Mike Froman, the national security adviser for international economic affairs,
said: "We are working with the rest in the G20 to see if we can forge an
agreement that would make significant contributions in direction [of removing
subsidies]."

He emphasised that the US administration was not opposed to targeted fuel
subsidies for the poor, but was seeking to phase out the blanket programmes that
also benefit big business and the wealthy. He also said that the administration
would maintain subsidies for cleaner technology, like carbon capture storage
from coal plants.

"The G20 is not trying to do anything that would keep people in the dark but
instead trying to encourage countries to move off blanket subsidies which are
regressive," he said.

But he noted that developing countries spent more than 1% of GDP on fossil fuel
subsidies last year. "So eliminating fossil fuel subsidies will promote more
efficient investment climate, increase real income by as much as two percent in
some developing countries and at the same time lead to better allocation of
resources."

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     March 20, 2013 Wednesday 3:17 PM  EST

INCENTIVES TO INDUSTRIES IN NORTH-EASTERN REGION AND JAMMU & KASHMIR AND SPECIAL
CATEGORY STATES

LENGTH: 524 words


NEW DELHI, March 20 -- The government of India issued the following news
release:

Incentives provided to existing and new industrial units in North-Eastern Region
including Sikkim and the Special Category State of Jammu & Kashmir include the
Capital Investment Subsidy, Central Interest Subsidy, Comprehensive Insurance
Subsidy, Excise duty exemption and Income Tax exemption. For the Special
Category States of Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand incentives of Capital
Investment Subsidy, Excise duty exemption and Income Tax exemption are provided.
In addition, Transport Subsidy Scheme (recently modified as Freight Subsidy
Scheme, 2013) is applicable to the above mentioned States as well as Andaman &
Nicobar Islands, Lakshadweep Islands and Darjeeling district of West Bengal to
provide subsidy on transport cost incurred on movement of raw material and
finished goods.

The date of expiry of each of the schemes are as under:

(I) The schemes under NEIIPP, 2007 will expire on 31st March, 2017.

(II) The Transport Subsidy Scheme, 1971 has been replaced by the Freight Subsidy
Scheme (FSS), 2013

(III) Freight Subsidy Scheme, 2013 will terminate after five years from the date
of its publication i.e. this scheme will expire on 21.01.2018.

(iv) The Package for J&K comprising the Capital Investment Subsidy, Interest
Subsidy and Comprehensive Insurance subsidy has expired on 14.6.2012. Income tax
exemption was allowed to all new units for initial period of 5 years.
Thereafter, 30% for Companies and 25% for units other than Companies, for a
further period of five years, under Section 80- IB of Income Tax Act,1961 was
allowed. The scheme was valid till 31st March, 2012. 100% Central Excise Duty
exemption with CENVAT benefit for a period of 10 years available to new
industrial units as well as to the existing units on substantial expansion. The
scheme was valid till 14th June 2012.

(v) Capital Investment subsidy under Package for Himachal Pradesh and
Uttarakahand has expired on 6.1.2013. 100% income tax exemption for an initial
period of five years and thereafter 30% for companies and 25% for other than
companies for a further period of five years under Section 80-C of Income Tax
Act, 1961 was allowed. Central Excise Duty exemption: 100% exemption on outright
basis to the industrial units set up or expanded in these States was available
till 31.03.2010.

Details of subsidies provided during the last three years are as under:

(I) The schemes under NEIIPP, 2007- Annexure-I

(II) The Transport Subsidy Scheme, 1971-Annexure-II

(III) Freight Subsidy Scheme, 2013 -nil.

(iv) Package for Jammu & Kashmir - Rs.106.54 crore till 18.03.2013

(v) Package for Himachal Pradesh - Rs.156.27 crore till 18.03.2013

(vi) Package for Uttarakahand - Rs.101.06 crore till 18.03.2013

Omitted Annexures can be viewed at:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=94032

This information was given by the Minister of State in the Ministry of Commerce
& Industry, Dr. D. Purandeswari in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha today. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Wheat subsidy: Punjab dithers on targeted flour subsidy for poor

LENGTH: 587  words


The Punjab government explained that it is reluctant to develop a new targeted-
subsidy system aimed at the poor as it will disrupt the current subsidy regime
in place, stated the province's Food Secretary Muhammad Aslam in a report
submitted to the Supreme Court.

A three-judge bench of the Supreme Court, headed by Justice Jawwad S Khawaja,
was hearing the suo motu case on Monday on the government's inability to provide
food at cheaper prices.

The Supreme Court had sought flour subsidies throughout the year only aimed at
the poor population of Punjab, instead of a general subsidy on wheat. Any abrupt
switchover from general to targeted subsidy will have serious implications
vis-a\xA0-vis the poor, the food secretary maintained.

The finance department has observed that during the current year, the government
has already committed a subsidy for the purchased wheat, said the report.
"[Therefore,] any additional subsidy beyond the allocated amount may not be
possible during the current financial year. The continuance of both the existing
and the new system of targeted subsidy would not be sustainable."

"If we launch a targeted-subsidy programme on the basis of Benazir Income
Support Programme (BISP) data compiled in 2011-12  which consists of around 2.9
million beneficiaries in the Punjab  and pay Rs1,000 per month to each
beneficiary, a huge amount of at least Rs34.8 billion per annum will be required
in addition to the administrative costs," Aslam explained in the report.

To provide food security to the common man, the government has already purchased
374,200 metric tons of wheat from growers this year, in addition to the
carry-forward stock of 133,000 metric tons, the report said.

For this purpose, the government has raised a loan of Rs205.32 billion at 12%
that tentatively includes a subsidy of Rs25 billion.

Due to the distribution of subsidised wheat to flour mills, to maintain the
supply of atta at a reasonable rate, the government had to bear the burden of a
Rs19.252 billion subsidy till March this year.

The report also mentions that a targeted subsidy of Rs5 billion has already been
earmarked for the Ramzan Package 2014 whereby 450,000 metric tons of wheat will
be released at a subsidised rate to ensure the provision of cheaper atta.

"The government subsidises that brand of wheat atta, which is consumed mostly by
the low-income groups. Other varieties, such as fine, super and other brands
that are bought by relatively well-to-do people, are available in the open
market at competitive prices. The focus of the government throughout has been to
provide that brand of atta, which is consumed by the poor at relatively cheaper
and stable rates."

The Punjab government did not increase the wheat purchase price by the
government to keep the price of atta low whereas in other provinces, it was
increased from Rs1,200 to Rs1,250 per 40 kg, the food secretary submitted.

Nevertheless, a cabinet committee, headed by provincial law minister Rana
Mashood Ahmed Khan, has been constituted to develop a system of targeted subsidy
on the Supreme Court's orders. The chief minister also chaired its meetings and
assigned the task to Dr Umar Saif, the Punjab Information Technology chairman,
to devise a foolproof and fair strategy, poverty mapping and modalities for the
targeted subsidy programme.

The food secretary added in the report that a proposal has been submitted to the
chief minister.

However, he reiterated that this is not a feasible option.

Published in The Express Tribune, July 8th, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 7, 2013 Monday
                                Regional Edition

Plow under the farm subsidies

BYLINE: Robert J. Samuelson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 876 words


Symbolic of the debate we're not having about government's size and role - the
essence of the deficit problem - is the future of farm subsidies. Running $10
billion to $15 billion annually, they don't do much good. For starters, they
haven't saved small farms. Since the 1930s, when subsidies began, the number of
farms is down 70 percent. Nor do farmers need subsidies to stay profitable.
Farmers' income for 2011 and 2012 ($135 billion and $133 billion, respectively)
were the highest and second-highest ever and would have been without subsidies.

Once upon a time, subsidies could be cast as an antidote for above-average
instability. Farmers faced floods, droughts, insects and wild price swings.
Subsidies smoothed their incomes. Other sectors were more stable. This is no
longer true. Technological upheaval and foreign competition have convulsed
countless industries and their workers: autos, steel, entertainment, newspapers
and many more. Farmers aren't unique.

Government support for agricultural research and food safety can be justified.
But direct subsidies to farmers can't. If subsidies ended tomorrow, wheat would
still be grown in Kansas. Subsidies qualify as "low hanging fruit" in cutting
federal spending. What's instructive is that no one is doing it.

Over the years, Congress has played a shell game. When one subsidy appears
unwarranted, it's erased and replaced with another. Thus, we've had set-asides,
price supports, direct payments, counter-cyclical payments and more. The shell
game continues. The Senate Agriculture Committee eliminated "direct payments"
and diverted most savings into a new subsidy ("agriculture risk coverage") and
expanded crop insurance.

Crop insurance sounds sensible; it cushioned the effect of last year's drought.
But as economist Bruce Babcock of Iowa State University shows, it's mainly
another arcane way to funnel money to farmers. It protects not only against
natural disasters but also against normal price fluctuations that could be
hedged in futures markets. Premiums are heavily subsidized, as are the expenses
of insurance companies. With subsidized premiums, farmers buy lavish protection.
Even before the drought, federal spending on crop insurance went from $1.5
billion in 2002 to $7.4 billion in 2011, Babcock reports.

In Congress, ending subsidies is unthinkable. The Senate's legislation would
trim existing levels. Still, the combined cost of direct subsidies and crop
insurance under the new legislation would average $14 billion annually from 2013
to 2022, estimates the Congressional Budget Office.

Hardly anyone asks basic questions. Would we create these programs today? Why
subsidize farming if it would do fine without subsidies? Indeed, meat and
vegetable production is largely unsubsidized; subsidies apply mainly to grains.

Politics fosters inertia. People feel entitled. Farmers like their payments.
Subsidies raise agricultural land values and, for absentee landlords, the rents
that can be charged. Farm groups protect these benefits with lobbyists and
campaign contributions. Congressional farm committees' power rests on their
control of subsidies.

Farm subsidies are a metaphor for our larger predicament. We no longer have the
luxury - as we did for decades - of carrying marginal, ineffectual or wasteful
programs. We can no longer afford subsidies for those who don't need them or, at
least, don't need so many of them (including affluent Social Security and
Medicare recipients). If we can't eliminate the least valuable spending, then we
will be condemned to perpetually large deficits, huge tax increases or
indiscriminate cuts in many federal programs, the good as well as the bad.

Despite a deficit obsession, Americans still seem ill-informed about the
magnitude of the gaps. A recent CBO report is illuminating. Even with a full
economic recovery, current policies imply annual deficits over the next decade
averaging 5 percent of the economy (gross domestic product); by 2022, federal
debt to GDP would hit 90 percent (the 2007 figure: 36 percent). Balancing the
budget in 2020 would require $1 trillion of spending cuts or tax increases. The
recent "fiscal cliff" agreement hardly alters these forecasts because it closes
only about 8 percent of the next decade's projected deficits, estimates the
Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.

Government needs reappraisal. Programs shouldn't be immortal in the face of
changing economic and social conditions. What's no longer justified should be
discarded. Unfortunately, President Obama has evaded and discouraged this
discipline. Republicans emphasize spending control but are often hypocritical on
specifics.

Politics favors the status quo; economics calls for change. Farm subsidies are
but one example. As the CBO observes: "Very few policy changes, taken
individually, can shrink the deficit [sharply]. . . . Significant deficit
reduction is likely to require a combination of policies, many of which may
stand in stark contrast to policies now in place." Still, agriculture would be a
good starting point. In 2013, Congress will continue debating a farm bill. It
would be refreshing, if surprising, to see subsidies phased out because -
whatever their historical justification - they're no longer needed.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

United States: The Effects of Spatial Subsidies on Amphibians

LENGTH: 502  words


EPA Grant Number: FP917093
Title: The Effects of Spatial Subsidies on Amphibians
Investigators: Earl, Julia E
Institution: University of Missouri - Columbia
EPA Project Officer: Jones, Brandon
Project Period: August 23, 2010 through August 22, 2013
Project Amount: $111,000
RFA: STAR Graduate Fellowships (2010)


Research Category: Fellowship - Ecosystem Services: Aquatic Systems Ecology ,
Academic Fellowships
Spatial subsidies are resources that move from one habitat to another, providing
linkages among ecosystems. I plan to determine how spatial subsidies affect the
vital rates of species with ontogenetic habitat shifts, which are themselves
spatial subsidies. I will assess the impacts of the presence and quality
(nutrients and plant secondary compounds) of spatial subsidies (forest leaf
litter input to ponds) when compared to within system inputs (aquatic grasses)
on amphibian larvae.
Synopsis:
Leaf litter, a spatial subsidy, is a resource linking forests and ponds. Leaves
provide food for pond organisms but also contain chemicals, like tannins, that
can be harmful. I will examine effects of leaf litter on pond amphibians by
manipulating leaf input into artificial ponds and examining tadpole survival and
diet. I will also measure tannins in pond water varying in tree species and
study the effects of tannins on tadpoles, helping us understand how forestry
affects pond communities.
Approach:
This study will examine the effects of the presence and quality of spatial
subsidies on the vital rates of species amphibian larvae. To investigate the
effects of the presence of spatial subsidies, I will compare tadpole vital rates
and diet (using stable isotopes) in pond mesocosms with spatial subsidy input
(deciduous leaf litter) to mesocosms containing within system input (aquatic
grass) and no input along a light gradient. Because frogs move away from ponds
into forest after metamorphosis (another spatial subsidy), this study is a
beginning step to understanding spatial subsidy feedback loops between forest
and ponds. Although spatial subsidies are essentially nutrient and energy
vectors from one ecosystem to another, the subsidy  s effects depend on the
degree to which the subsidy  s nutrients are labile, along with the
concentrations of other active compounds, such as tannins. To investigate the
effects of the quality (primarily tannin concentration) of spatial subsidies on
tadpole vital rates, a mesocosm study and a laboratory study have already been
performed to compare the community and chemical effects of litter input from
different species of trees on tadpoles. To adjust the laboratory study to be
more realistic, I plan to conduct an observational study on the tannin
concentrations in closed canopy ponds that vary in the species of surrounding
trees. Realistic concentrations will then be used in a laboratory experiment.

Expected Results:
Theory on spatial subsidies predicts that additional input will support ecosyst


country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 631 words


There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the registered
consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more than Rs 10
lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday .

The cap will come into effect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of selfdeclaration at the time of booking a refill
in keeping with the "government's approach of trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so

that clean fuel can be provided to those who are still dependent on firewood or
cowdung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The

ministry's move will ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their subsidy , once the criteria are implemented fully by linking
the PAN number to the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it may also
raise the hackles of several middle-class voters.

The move indicates the Modi government's resolve to tackle the issue of kitchen
subsidy , long a holy cow of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with
various plans in the past but floundered under political pressure.

Governments have toyed with various ideas to tackle LPG subsidy but have
floundered under political pulls and pressures. The Modi government\x92s move to
end the subsidy for all those earning above Rs 10 lakh marks the first time that
a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front government in 1997 unveiled a comprehensive oil reforms package
with timelines for deregulating fuel prices and removing subsidies. Carrying
forward that decision, the ministry under Ram Naik during the NDA-I rule decided
in 2002 to first freeze \x97 and then gradually phase out \x97 LPG subsidy by
raising rates in small measures. But this plan was dumped as polls neared and
oil prices spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy, first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly, households with a car,
house or twowheelers were to have lost subsidy. But the plan did not move beyond
the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on November

7, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month given an indication that the
government was looking at stripping the rich of subsidy with the aim of ensuring
more responsible use of public money.

\x93I humbly submit that the time has come for the government, the finance
ministry can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be
given the subsidy\x85 The question as to who should get subsidy should be
debated. Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income
bracket,\x94 Pradhan had told the finance ministry\x92s Delhi Economics Conclave
on November 6.

The oil minister was reacting to a question from finance minister Arun Jaitley,
who asked whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile)
programme aimed at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the
subsidy to people within a particular income bracket.

Nearly a year ago, Jaitley had told a media event in Delhi that \x93the next
important decision India will have to take is whether people like me... (are)
entitled to get our LPG subsidy. I think the sooner we are able to take these
decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies \x97 of course some people
would be \x97 the better it would be for our system. These decisions are all on
our agenda.\x94

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             August 8, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

For Perry, farm aid may grow into campaign issue

BYLINE: R.G. Ratcliffe AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1389 words


When Gov. Rick Perry was the state's agriculture commissioner, the federal
government paid farmer Rick Perry not to farm his 40 acres in Haskell County.

The $9,624 that Perry was paid under the Conservation Reserve Program to leave
his land fallow between 1991 and 1998 is tiny in comparison with the $15 billion
the federal government pays every year in federal farm subsidies. In fact, it
doesn't even put Perry near the top of the subsidy stack for farmers in his
family ZIP code.

But for Perry, a fiscal conservative who has called on the federal government to
"stop spending all the money," the issue of farm subsidies could be delicate if
he enters the presidential race, especially in the Iowa caucuses.

At least one of the GOP presidential candidates, U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann of
Minnesota, already has come under fire for her personal ties to farm subsidies.

Bachmann voted against the 2008 farm bill, saying it was loaded with "outrageous
pork and subsidies for agricultural business and ethanol growers." A year later,
she praised the U.S. Department of Agriculture for propping up pork and dairy
commodities, according to a Los Angeles Times story published as she entered the
presidential race in June.

The Times reported that Bachmann's father-in-law's farm, from which she and her
husband receive income, received $260,000 in dairy subsidies between 1995 and
2008.

"That wasn't about farm subsidies; that was about the hypocrisy factor," said
Drake University political scientist Dennis Goldford.

The 1990s payments weren't the only ones Perry or his family has gotten from
federal farm programs.

His tax returns from when he was in the Legislature show he received $72,687 in
agricultural program payments between 1987 and 1989, when he was farming his
land. His father, J.R., received a total of $6,443 in cotton and wheat subsidies
in 2002 and 2003.

As for his 40-acre farm, Perry sold it in 1998. Perry claimed a $17,693 loss on
his federal income taxes for that year.

To put the Perrys' subsidies in perspective, there were 21 farms in their ZIP
code that received more than $1 million in federal subsidies between 1995 and
2010, according to a database maintained by the Environmental Working Group, a
Washington-based advocacy organization that says farm subsidies harm the
environment and are a form of corporate welfare.

While campaigning for passage of the 1995 farm bill, Perry urged the nation to
move away from direct subsidies for farmers. He said they should be given
incentives, such as reduced capital gains taxes and inheritance taxes.

"In the 1995 farm bill, we must carefully but thoughtfully move our farmers and
ranchers away from a subsidized system to a market-driven system," Perry said in
a speech delivered in Iowa . "We must move away from government assistance to
opportunity enhancement."

Former U.S. Rep. Charles Stenholm, D-Stamford, was a leading Texas lawmaker on
the agricultural policy front in the 1990s. Stenholm said Perry's position was
very much in line with what the Republican Party wanted at the time. Stenholm
said Republicans eliminated most subsidies because prices were high but then
reinstated many of them when prices fell several years later.

One subsidy that Perry backed in 1995 but now opposes is federal support for
using grain such as corn in the production of ethanol.

As agriculture commissioner in 1993, Perry praised the federal Environmental
Protection Agency for requiring ethanol in reformulated gasoline. Perry said it
enhanced the chances of an ethanol plant being built in corn-growing regions of
Texas.

"Ethanol also has the potential to raise the price corn farmers receive by 16 to
20 cents a bushel," Perry said in a Dec. 15, 1993, news release. "I am excited
about its potential for the Texas economy, and I strongly support its increased
use and production in the Lone Star State."

As governor, Perry started coming out strongly against grain-based ethanol in
2007, saying it was driving up the prices of feed corn given to livestock and
poultry. At the behest of poultry producer Lonnie "Bo" Pilgrim, Perry
unsuccessfully sought an EPA waiver from fuel standards, a waiver that, if it
had been granted, would have effectively undermined the grain ethanol industry.

"We don't want to be put in the place of having to decide whether we are going
to feed cattle or fuel vehicles," Perry said in 2007. He favored instead the
conversion of biomass from city wastes or timbering into ethanol.

Perry spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger defended Perry's subsidies, saying, "The
governor is proud of his years in the farming industry, which he believes is an
important part of the nation's overall economy."

But Cesinger added that Perry also believes that "out of control Washington
spending is threatening every aspect of our economy, and now, more than ever,
the federal government has an opportunity and obligation to have a real
conversation about how to get our country's fiscal house in order."

Cesinger said Perry also supports a "comprehensive energy policy" for the nation
"that no longer artificially props up one industry at the expense of another."

Monte Shaw, executive director of the Iowa Renewable Fuels Association, said
that in the current presidential campaign, direct subsidies for corn and ethanol
are not an issue. He said corn prices are so high that most farmers cannot
collect a subsidy, and he said the subsidy for ethanol goes away at the end of
the year.

However, Shaw said Iowa corn growers and ethanol producers will be watching to
see if Perry and other candidates support congressional efforts to ban the EPA
from requiring an ethanol mix in gasoline.

Shaw said the ethanol industry also is interested in whether tax credits for the
oil industry continue while credits are denied to ethanol. He said the tax
credits give oil an unfair advantage over ethanol.

"If (Perry) says we shouldn't turn a single grain of corn into ethanol, he may
have problems in Iowa," Shaw said. "Ethanol support is very important in Iowa,
even in the Republican caucuses."

Iowa State University political scientist Steffen Schmidt said Perry's emphasis
on controlling federal spending would play well in the state caucuses because
"it's the tea party activists who are pushing the agenda."

He doesn't see Perry's past use of subsidies as a problem, saying most
politicians in Iowa have farms and receive subsidies, so Iowans do not hold the
acceptance of subsidies against them.

Stenholm said that in the current federal budget-cutting atmosphere, eliminating
traditional farm subsidies probably will be on the table when Congress starts
writing a new farm bill later this year.

He said most farmers and ranchers, other than corn growers, favor a better crop
insurance system for bad times rather than direct subsidies no matter what the
market is doing.

Opposition to agricultural subsidies, especially grain-based ethanol, by 2008
GOP presidential nominee John McCain was considered a major contributor to him
losing Iowa and Indiana to President Barack Obama.

However, in the context of this year's GOP primary, where budget cutting is a
prime requirement, sentiments might have changed. And reducing farm subsidies
has been an item in the negotiations over budget cuts as part of the debt
ceiling debate.

A recent poll done for The Iowa Republican political blog found that 56 percent
of likely Iowa caucus-goers would support a candidate who wants to cut ethanol
subsidies, while just 31 percent would favor a candidate who backs subsidies.

Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney has defended subsidies as an issue
of national defense to protect the food supply.

Candidate Newt Gingrich, the former U.S. House speaker, pushed to phase out farm
subsidies in favor of the free market while in Congress. In January, speaking to
the Renewable Fuels Association in Des Moines, Gingrich supported ethanol and
took a swipe at those who claim the use of corn to produce ethanol is driving up
the price of food.

"The people who talk about food versus fuel are just plain flat wrong," Gingrich
said.

Republican presidential candidates Jon Huntsman, Ron Paul and Tim Pawlenty all
oppose continued farm subsidies.

rgratcliffe@statesman.com

About this story
 This is the latest in an occasional series examining how Rick Perry's record
in Texas could affect a presidential bid, should he run.



LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Employee Benefit News

                                   April 2009

Don't let five-letter COBRA become a four-letter word;
Analyzing employers' new responsibilities under COBRA subsidy

BYLINE: Frank Palmieri

SECTION: LAWS AND REGS; Pg. 52 Vol. 23 No. 5

LENGTH: 1162  words


The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, commonly known as the stimulus
package, created a significant amount of work for employee benefits
professionals with its recent COBRA changes. ARRA creates a federal 65% subsidy
for COBRA insurance for individuals who involuntarily lost or will lose their
jobs between Sept. 1, 2008 and Dec. 31, 2009.

For example, if the monthly cost of COBRA coverage is $1,000, and employees are
responsible for the full premium, under the subsidy, the employee will only be
required to pay $350 each month for COBRA coverage, with a federal subsidy of
$650.

How it works

The mechanics of the subsidy are interesting. Employers will receive a credit on
their payroll tax returns for the federal subsidy. For example, if the federal
subsidy is $650, and employee pays $350 for COBRA coverage, the employer will
receive a credit of $650 on its federal withholding tax returns (i.e., Form
941).

For employers with more than 20 employees, these procedures will apply whether a
plan is fully insured or self-insured. However, workers at small firms, who are
not normally eligible for COBRA coverage, still will be entitled to the federal
subsidy if state-mandated coverage is comparable to COBRA. However, in these
circumstances, the insurance carrier, and not the employer, will be the entity
responsible for providing the subsidy and taking the payroll tax credit.

The COBRA subsidy only lasts for a maximum of nine months. When COBRA rights are
cut off, the subsidy ends. For example, if an employee receives new employment
with a one-month waiting period, when the employee becomes eligible for new
coverage, the COBRA subsidy ends. It is the responsibility of employees to
notify employers when new coverage exists.

If an employer denies the employee the federal subsidy, there is an appeals
procedure with the Department of Labor and the Department of Health and Human
Services. It is likely that disputes will exist with regard to employees who
fail to return to employment following a period of FMLA leave or other leave of
absence and consider themselves to be terminated. In many of these situations,
the employer will consider the employee to have voluntarily abandoned their
position when they fail to return to work following the expiration of an
approved leave of absence. Clarification regarding the definition of involuntary
termination is expected.

Who's eligible

Although the subsidy is available to employees who involuntarily lost their jobs
- for performance issues or as a result of a larger layoff - individuals who are
terminated for gross misconduct and denied COBRA benefits are ineligible.
Likewise, people who voluntarily retire or quit a job also are ineligible.

Further, the subsidy applies to joint tax filers with adjusted gross income
between $250,000 and $290,000. For all other tax filers, the credit is phased
out between $125,000 and $145,000.

What employers need to do

Employers must evaluate the reasons why employees were terminated after Sept. 1,
2008 and will need to do the same for terminations that occur between now and
Dec. 31, 2009. All such employees must receive notification of their new COBRA
rights.

Many employers that conduct layoffs agree to subsidize COBRA benefits, primarily
because subsidizing COBRA benefits is tax-free to employees, unlike cash
severance benefits. However, employers should review severance plans and
policies to determine whether they wish to continue an employer subsidy.

In my view, most employers would be better served to require employees to pay
100% of COBRA premiums and take full advantage of the federal subsidy. However,
employers are permitted to provide additional cash compensation in lieu of COBRA
subsidies.

Therefore, employers may simply amend their severance plan to confirm that any
future employer COBRA subsidies will be suspended between March 1, 2009 and Dec.
31, 2009. Thereafter, when the federal subsidy lapses, prior severance plan
provisions automatically will be reinstated.

For example, assume an employer continued the health benefits for former
employees during the period in which severance benefits are paid. If the cost of
COBRA is $1,000 a month, and the employer does not change its practices, the
employer would pay $800, and the employee would pay $70 (or 35% of $200). The
federal subsidy would be only $130 per month, rather than a potential $650 per
month.

Employers must send notifications about the federal subsidy to individuals who
elected COBRA coverage and are still paying for it; individuals who elected and
dropped COBRA coverage; and individuals who never originally elected COBRA
coverage. Employees who dropped coverage are eligible to re-enroll in COBRA.

Both large and small employers should coordinate with their insurance carriers,
third-party administrators, COBRA vendors and other parties to ensure proper
communication to employees and receipt of the credit. Failure to provide this
notice results in penalties to the employee.

Look for a Department of Labor model notice (At presstime, DOL had not issued
such a notice). Some employers have already begun to prepare individual notices
for use with or without the sample DOL notice.

Areas for clarification

Important issues to monitor include:

* Domestic partner coverage. Even if it is similar to COBRA, it is not COBRA
coverage. The federal subsidy will not exist for domestic partner and civil
union marriages.

* Switching plans. Employers may, but are not required to, allow employees to
switch to a lower-cost plan under COBRA. Employers will allow such changes, or
not, depending on the amount of administrative work associated with such
decisions. The ability to change coverage will not allow an individual to start
a medical flexible spending account or switch to coverage that provides only
dental, vision, counseling or other referral services.

* Reporting. Employers will be required to provide detailed information
regarding employees receiving the federal subsidy. These disclosures are
intended to avoid abuse of the federal subsidy.

* Mergers and acquisitions. COBRA individuals are assigned to buyers and sellers
in most corporate transactions. Given the fact that transactions may have
occurred between September 2008 and December 2009, buyers and sellers must
cooperate with identifying participants to whom notices must be issued and
clarifying the medical plans for which the COBRA subsidy will be available.

The rules seem complex at first blush. However, after many of the administrative
issues are ironed out and additional clarification provided, we are confident
that HR professionals will rise to the occasion of administering the new rules.

Contributing Editor Frank Palmieri is an employee benefits attorney with
Palmieri & Eisenberg in Princeton, N.J. and Alexandria, Va., and a fellow of the
American College of Employee Benefits Counsel. He has more than 25 years of
experience addressing employee benefit and employment-related matters for
employers.

URL: http://www.ebn.benefitnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: EBN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 July 16, 2014

Subsidy Must Go - Finance Commissioners, NECA

BYLINE: FUNMI KOMOLAFE, EMMA UJAH and VICTOR AHIUMA YOUNG

LENGTH: 645 words


Commissioners for Finance from the 36 states of the federation rose from their
monthly Federation Accounts Allocation Committee, FAAC, meeting in Abuja,
yesterday, insisting that petroleum products subsidy must be removed.

While their position was consistent with that of the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation, NNPC, it sharply contradicted the thinking of the Nigerian Senate,
which held a few days ago that petroleum subsidy should remain.

The commissioners had, three months ago, decided that the current subsidy was
not in the interest of the nation and wrote a letter to President Goodluck
Jonathan, demanding an end to it.

The Chairman, Forum of Commissioners of Finance, Mr. Timothy Odaah, told
journalists shortly after the meeting that there was no going back on their
position and that they had fully briefed their principals-- state governors.

According to him, the administration of the subsidy had been characterised by
massive fraud by oil companies whom he said had been paid several billions of
Naira for nothing and argued that the purpose for the subsidy regime had been
defeated.

He said: "The issue of subsidy removal re echoed today (yesterday) and it became
an issue of discussion and the report of the committee set up three months ago
is being awaited and we still stand on the removal of subsidy as it will be of
much benefit to the states, because what we have now is like robbing Peter to
pay Paul.

"The purpose for which government set up subsidy is being defeated and so it
should be based on consumption."

The Group Managing Director of the NNPC, Engr. Andrew Yakubu, had at the weekend
told newsmen that only the removal of subsidy from petroleum products would
attract investors to the downstream sub sector of the industry.

He argued that subsidy was creating distortion that scare away investors.

Meanwhile, Nigeria Employers' Consultative Association, NECA, and Nigeria Labour
Congress, NLC, yesterday in Lagos traded words over the continued sustainability
of fuel subsidy in the country.

At its 57th annual general meeting, while NECA argued that subsidy was not
sustaina-ble in the long term and was not sufficient and effective for the
overall development of the Nigerian economy, NLC insisted that it was
sustainable and would help Nigerians to cope with current harsh economic
realities.

Speaking through its President, Chief R. U. Uche, NECA said: "While we
acknowledge the fact that it might not be politically expedient in an election
year for the government to fully deregulate and privatise the downstream sector
of the oil and gas industry, the truth remains that it is not economically
justifiable for Nigeria to continue to depend on fuel importation.

"The current policy of fuel subsidy portends grave danger for the future health
of our economy. It is certainly not sustainable in the long term, neither is it
sufficient and effective for the overall development of the Nigerian economy."

Disagreeing with NECA position, NLC, through its President, Mr. Abduwaheed Omar,
noted that Nigeria had no business importing petroleum products, lamenting that
the problem had been government's lack of the political will to ensure products
were refined locally.

Omar contended that subsidy was being used by government officials to deceive
Nigerians that about N1.3 trillion was being spent annually for subsidy.

He said: "It is not correct to say that in 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014,
about N1. 3 trillion was spent annually for subsidy. What is provided for in the
budget is N260 billion.

"We believe that it is not too much for government to spend for Nigerians to
benefit from God given resources.

"Therefore, subsidy is sustainable. What is not sustainable is corruption.

"We should all join hands to fight the corruption therein. With the level of
poverty in the country, the Nigerian people need the subsidy and it is
sustainable."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             October 7, 2013 Monday

Fiscal discipline a must

BYLINE: Dr Hashim Hassan

SECTION: Letters; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 724 words


THE prime minister has made a bold move to deal with fuel subsidies. The move to
rationalise petrol and diesel subsidies by increasing the prices of RON 95 and
diesel by 20 sen and RON 97 by 15 sen is good economic sense.

In any functional economy, subsidies have an economic role. A subsidy payment
allows the public to enjoy certain products or services at lower market prices.

Subsidies on fuel and other essentials help to increase the real income of
buyers while a subsidy payment to producers reduces farm costs and helps them to
increase supply like subsidies to padi farmers and fishermen or to maintain a
service or employment such as support for taxis and public transport.

With subsidies, operating costs are kept below the market price. This is why
subsidies distort market prices and add costs to the economy.

It is costly to maintain subsidies as they bear heavily on taxpayers and is a
drain on the government's revenue.

By rationalising the subsidies on fuel, the nation saves RM1.1 billion this
year. With good measures to control the adverse impact from reduced subsidy
payment, the economy will benefit from additional money available while it
improves government access to more funds.

The cut in subsidies is small compared with the staggering allocation of RM24.8
billion for fuel subsidy this year.

For Budget 2014, the government is urged to examine and rationalise other fiscal
and non-fiscal macroeconomic measures that may affect the people's interests.

The government should also consider other parallel macroeconomic policies that
would improve fiscal policies.

One major area is private sector involvement. It has a strategic role to enhance
economic growth, employment, investment and trade.

The corporate sector too, benefits from various fiscal policy incentives and
even subsidies.

If the corporate sector is not producing efficiently, in the long run, it will
lose market competitiveness.

The corporate sector has a collective responsibility to invest more to boost
growth and generate income.

Their moves should not be to merely strengthen their conventional market
position but to invest in new wealth creating industries.

The New Economic Model (NEM) under the transformation agenda of the government
with the Performance Management and Delivery Unit (Pemandu) at the helm spells
out specific strategies for implementation and the active role of the corporate
sector.

Under NEM, favourable incentives and subsidies may even be justified to push the
economy ahead if it generates future growth in investment, employment and
potential revenue gain from profits growth.

This objective is predicated on creating competitiveness in the economy,
promoting savings at the national level, reducing public debt and cutting waste
in public expenditure.

We also need to consider the impact of deficit reduction on the economy -- would
it lead to higher corporate or individual savings? Would it offer investment
opportunities to boost output, raise incomes and higher tax receipts? Or would
it result in being more dependent on traditional revenue sources?

The NEM and transformation programmes present high impact strategies and, if
implemented effectively, will lead to higher economic growth.

The budget must also review the progress of private-public partnership,
initiatives that underpin Malaysia's development plans and past budget
prescriptions, particularly on reducing the deficit, improving public sector
finance, new employment and growth.

The budget deficit has implications on other non-fiscal policies of the
government.

It must not cause grievous harm to long term public sector finance. With lower
economic growth and less optimistic global trade, an unsustainable higher budget
deficit is risky. It is also important to avoid the "twin deficits", that is
fiscal deficit and international trade deficit at the same time.

The government cannot afford to lower investment that might also lower the
long-term real gross domestic product growth and associated revenue.

Thus, a large cut of the budget deficit is definitely not the answer.

We hope that the budget will look at the costs and benefits implication and
consider fiscal consolidation efforts to restore credibility and future high
growth.

A high standard of fiscal discipline must be in place in all public sector
bodies.

Dr Hashim Hassan, Petaling Jaya, Selangor

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             April 20, 2010 Tuesday

Spreadsheet

BYLINE: fe Bureaus

LENGTH: 359  words


Petroleum subsidies

As the global crude prices touch new peaks, petroleum product subsidies
worldwide have started rising upwards. After declining along with oil prices
during the second half of 2008, subsidies have started rising again, creating
concerns about the fiscal costs.

A recent IMF report underlines that in 2003 global consumer subsidies for
petroleum products totalled nearly $60 billion and are projected to reach almost
$250 billion this year. Tax-inclusive subsidies are estimated to be much larger
at $740 billion this year, which will be 1% of global GDP.

The report notes that G-20 countries account for over 70% of tax-inclusive
subsidies, with the emerging G-20 nations accounting for a major chunk. It says
that halving tax inclusive subsidies could reduce the fiscal deficits by
one-sixth in subsidising countries and will also help to reduce the greenhouse
emissions by 15% in the long run.

IMF projections are based on the commodity futures market which indicates that
international crude prices will increase by almost one-third between mid-2009
and end of 2010. Of the 58 countries with pre-tax subsidies in 2010, 46 have a
projected fiscal deficit in 2010, with the deficit expected to exceed 3% of GDP
in 27 of these countries. The report says reducing pre-tax subsidies by half
will decrease the average projected deficit in these subsidising countries from
2.1% to an average deficit of 0.8% of GDP.

By reducing tax-inclusive subsidies by half, IMF estimates that the average
deficit in subsidising countries will fall by about one-sixth, from 6.3% of GDP
to around 5.3% of GDP. Whereas emerging and developing countries account for all
of projected pre-tax subsidies, they account for 75% of tax-inclusive subsidies.
G-20 countries account for 57% of global pre-tax subsidies but over 70% of
tax-inclusive subsidies.

IMF calculates unit subsidies as the difference between an appropriate benchmark
price and domestic (tax-inclusive) retail prices. The benchmark price is taken
as the international US dollar price for the relevant product at the nearest
international hub adjusted cost of shipping the product within the country.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 12, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

We CAN save social programs: Calling business's bluff

BYLINE: By Neil Brooks

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1356 words


THE ECONOMY is in crisis. The need to cut government spending is urgent.
Everyone must be prepared to sacrifice for the good of the country.

As Ottawa prepares its annual budget, this is the central message in the
pre-budget presentations of business-sponsored groups such as the National
Council on Business Issues and the C.D. Howe Institute.

As a cure for Canada's economic ills, they peddle the standard business line
that Canada can no longer afford its social programs. However, it's not
neccessary to soak the poor or dismantle Canada's few remaining national
institutions to reduce the deficit.

The most wasteful government spending programs are contained in the federal
income tax act. It is presumably no coincidence that business groups seldom
refer to these when they urge more government cost cutting since these subsidies
benefit business and their owners almost exclusively.

Even a partial list reveals how the government could save more than $ 7-8
billion a year by cutting back on these cost-inefficient programs. Moreover,
doing so would likely increase Canada's international competitiveness since
almost all these subsidies result in what economists call a misallocation of
resources:

*Repeal the subsidies for taxpayers who realize capital gains. The most
inequitable and inefficient subsidies in the Income Tax Act are those that
provide preferential tax treatment to taxpayers who realize capital gains.
Taxpayers can realize $ 100,000 of capital gains tax free over their lifetimes,
and now only 75 per cent of gains more than this amount have to be included in
their income for tax purposes.

From 1985 to 1988, $ 15.7 billion of capital gains were exempt from tax because
of the lifetime exemption. The cost to the federal and provincial governments
was on average almost $ 2 billion a year.

Also, for each of these years, taxpayers reported another approximately $ 6
billion of capital gains. Only 50 per cent of these gains had to be included in
the income of taxpayers. Thus, governments lost at least another $ 1 billion a
year because of this subsidy.

Well over 50 per cent of these subsidies go to the richest 1 per cent of tax
filers.

The government claimed that a subsidy for capital gains would spur venture
capital activity. Venture capital represents a minute fraction of the assets
that would typically qualify for capital gains treatment - less than 1 per cent,
according to a U.S. study. Thus this subsidy to encourage risk-taking is not
only viciously regressive but also it is absurdly inefficient.

*Repeal the subsidy for those who invest in Canadian equity securities.
Shareholders who receive dividends can claim a dividend tax credit. This reduces
their income tax payable on dividend income by one-third. In 1988, this subsidy
for shareholders cost Canadian governments about $ 750 million. One-fifth of 1
per cent of tax filers, those earning more than $ 250,000, received more than 20
per cent of this subsidy.

The government introduced the dividend tax credit to reduce the cost of equity
capital for Canadian firms. But, in a small economy such as Canada's, in which
foreigners can freely invest and in which many large investors such as pension
funds are tax exempt, attempting to increase share prices by giving a tax break
to individual Canadian investors is futile. If share prices do increase because
of the dividend tax credit, foreign shareholders and tax-exempt institutions are
likely to withdraw some funds from this market. The over-all effect on the price
of Canadian equity securities might well be negative.

*Appeal the subsidy for corporations that make profits from manufacturing and
processing. A 5 per cent federal tax credit reduces the effective federal tax
rate for firms that make manufacturing and processing profits from 28 to 23 per
cent. This tax subsidy was introduced in the early 1970s to counteract a tax
subsidy that the United States provided for American exporters. The U.S. subsidy
was repealed in 1986.

After 1986, the government justified retention of this subsidy on the grounds
that Canadian manufacturing firms had to pay the manufacturers' sales tax. Since
the government has now successfully replaced the manufacturers' sales tax with
the Goods and Services Tax (GST), this tax credit should be repealed. The
subsidy costs more than $ 1 billion a year.

*Repeal all tax subsidies for real estate developers. Some of Canada's largest
corporations and wealthiest families are real estate developers. This is not an
accident - it is because, in part, they have received billions of dollars of
government handouts through the tax system.

Real estate developers can write off the cost of the buildings they build or
purchase, even though these buildings will likely appreciate in value. If the
buildings themselves do not appreciate in value, invariably any reduction in the
value of the building will be more than offset by an increase in the value of
the underlying land. Also, developers can borrow money to purchase additional
assets and secure the loan against the appreciated value of their older
buildings, even though they have never paid tax on this appreciated value.

*Repeal the subsidy for business meals and entertainment. Business people,
including self-employed professionals, can deduct 80 per cent of the costs of
their "business" meals and entertainment. Yet the personal benefit from meals
and entertainment are likely the same whether they are incurred in a business
context or not. When almost 400,000 Canadians, including 150,000 children, are
dependent on food banks for survival, this $ 1 billion subsidy for business
meals and entertainment represents an outrageous perversion of collective
morality.

In addition, like all these tax subsidies, this subsidy is not only inequitable,
it creates economic inefficiencies. If the subsidy were repealed, Canada might
have fewer workers waiting on and entertaining business people. But, since
business would presumably continue to spend its gross revenues on activities
designed to increase its profits, more workers would likely be engaged in
productive activities - maybe even doing research and development.

*Repeal the subsidy for business lobbying and other political activities
undertaken by business.Business spends hundreds of millions of dollars every
year lobbying governments for special treatment. A special rule inserted in the
Tax Act in the early 1960s allows these expenses to be deducted. The result of
this tax rule is that the public is forced to subsidize the efforts of
businesses to influence the political process, but not groups representing other
points of view.

*Repeal the subsidies for Canadian multinationals investing overseas.Canadian
multinationals receive billions of dollars of subsidies under the tax laws,
often to the detriment of the Canadian economy. Many of these subsidies have the
effect of encouraging them to locate their manufacturing operations overseas.
Thus, Canadians lose jobs, plant closings devastate communities, and Canadian
interests are undermined.

For example, multinationals that borrow money in Canada to finance overseas
operations can deduct the interest expense from their profits earned in Canada,
even though the income the borrowed money earns in the overseas operation will
never be taxed here. Billions of dollars have been borrowed from Canadian
financial institutions for this reason. Thus not only does the subsidy encourage
foreign investment by Canadian corporations and increase Canada's current
account deficit, but it also keeps Canadian interest rates needlessly high.

It's not only bad public policy, it is immoral for the federal government to cut
back on social programs - which benefit poor and middle-class Canadians - in
order to solve the deficit problem, while at the same time ignoring the
inequitable and inefficient spending programs delivered through the tax system,
which benefit the rich.

* Neil Brooks teaches tax law at Osgoode Hall, York University. He was recently
nominated vice-chairman of an Ontario government tax commission.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Geoffrey Moss): Women strangled by collar of man's button-down
shirt

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 12, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

We CAN save social programs: Calling business's bluff

BYLINE: By Neil Brooks

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1361 words


   THE ECONOMY is in crisis. The need to cut government spending is urgent.
Everyone must be prepared to sacrifice for the good of the country.

As Ottawa prepares its annual budget, this is the central message in the
pre-budget presentations of business-sponsored groups such as the National
Council on Business Issues and the C.D. Howe Institute.

As a cure for Canada's economic ills, they peddle the standard business line
that Canada can no longer afford its social programs. However, it's not
neccessary to soak the poor or dismantle Canada's few remaining national
institutions to reduce the deficit.

The most wasteful government spending programs are contained in the federal
income tax act. It is presumably no coincidence that business groups seldom
refer to these when they urge more government cost cutting since these subsidies
benefit business and their owners almost exclusively.

Even a partial list reveals how the government could save more than $7-8 billion
a year by cutting back on these cost-inefficient programs. Moreover, doing so
would likely increase Canada's international competitiveness since almost all
these subsidies result in what economists call a misallocation of resources:

*Repeal the subsidies for taxpayers who realize capital gains. The most
inequitable and inefficient subsidies in the Income Tax Act are those that
provide preferential tax treatment to taxpayers who realize capital gains.
Taxpayers can realize $100,000 of capital gains tax free over their lifetimes,
and now only 75 per cent of gains more than this amount have to be included in
their income for tax purposes.

From 1985 to 1988, $15.7 billion of capital gains were exempt from tax because
of the lifetime exemption. The cost to the federal and provincial governments
was on average almost $2 billion a year.

Also, for each of these years, taxpayers reported another approximately $6
billion of capital gains. Only 50 per cent of these gains had to be included in
the income of taxpayers. Thus, governments lost at least another $1 billion a
year because of this subsidy.

Well over 50 per cent of these subsidies go to the richest 1 per cent of tax
filers.

The government claimed that a subsidy for capital gains would spur venture
capital activity. Venture capital represents a minute fraction of the assets
that would typically qualify for capital gains treatment - less than 1 per cent,
according to a U.S. study. Thus this subsidy to encourage risk-taking is not
only viciously regressive but also it is absurdly inefficient.

*Repeal the subsidy for those who invest in Canadian equity securities.
Shareholders who receive dividends can claim a dividend tax credit. This reduces
their income tax payable on dividend income by one-third. In 1988, this subsidy
for shareholders cost Canadian governments about $750 million. One-fifth of 1
per cent of tax filers, those earning more than $250,000, received more than 20
per cent of this subsidy.

The government introduced the dividend tax credit to reduce the cost of equity
capital for Canadian firms. But, in a small economy such as Canada's, in which
foreigners can freely invest and in which many large investors such as pension
funds are tax exempt, attempting to increase share prices by giving a tax break
to individual Canadian investors is futile. If share prices do increase because
of the dividend tax credit, foreign shareholders and tax-exempt institutions are
likely to withdraw some funds from this market. The over-all effect on the price
of Canadian equity securities might well be negative.

*Appeal the subsidy for corporations that make profits from manufacturing and
processing. A 5 per cent federal tax credit reduces the effective federal tax
rate for firms that make manufacturing and processing profits from 28 to 23 per
cent. This tax subsidy was introduced in the early 1970s to counteract a tax
subsidy that the United States provided for American exporters. The U.S. subsidy
was repealed in 1986.

After 1986, the government justified retention of this subsidy on the grounds
that Canadian manufacturing firms had to pay the manufacturers' sales tax. Since
the government has now successfully replaced the manufacturers' sales tax with
the Goods and Services Tax (GST), this tax credit should be repealed. The
subsidy costs more than $1 billion a year.

*Repeal all tax subsidies for real estate developers. Some of Canada's largest
corporations and wealthiest families are real estate developers. This is not an
accident - it is because, in part, they have received billions of dollars of
government handouts through the tax system.

Real estate developers can write off the cost of the buildings they build or
purchase, even though these buildings will likely appreciate in value. If the
buildings themselves do not appreciate in value, invariably any reduction in the
value of the building will be more than offset by an increase in the value of
the underlying land. Also, developers can borrow money to purchase additional
assets and secure the loan against the appreciated value of their older
buildings, even though they have never paid tax on this appreciated value.

*Repeal the subsidy for business meals and entertainment. Business people,
including self-employed professionals, can deduct 80 per cent of the costs of
their "business" meals and entertainment. Yet the personal benefit from meals
and entertainment are likely the same whether they are incurred in a business
context or not. When almost 400,000 Canadians, including 150,000 children, are
dependent on food banks for survival, this $1 billion subsidy for business meals
and entertainment represents an outrageous perversion of collective morality.

In addition, like all these tax subsidies, this subsidy is not only inequitable,
it creates economic inefficiencies. If the subsidy were repealed, Canada might
have fewer workers waiting on and entertaining business people. But, since
business would presumably continue to spend its gross revenues on activities
designed to increase its profits, more workers would likely be engaged in
productive activities - maybe even doing research and development.

*Repeal the subsidy for business lobbying and other political activities
undertaken by business.Business spends hundreds of millions of dollars every
year lobbying governments for special treatment. A special rule inserted in the
Tax Act in the early 1960s allows these expenses to be deducted. The result of
this tax rule is that the public is forced to subsidize the efforts of
businesses to influence the political process, but not groups representing other
points of view.

*Repeal the subsidies for Canadian multinationals investing overseas.Canadian
multinationals receive billions of dollars of subsidies under the tax laws,
often to the detriment of the Canadian economy. Many of these subsidies have the
effect of encouraging them to locate their manufacturing operations overseas.
Thus, Canadians lose jobs, plant closings devastate communities, and Canadian
interests are undermined.

For example, multinationals that borrow money in Canada to finance overseas
operations can deduct the interest expense from their profits earned in Canada,
even though the income the borrowed money earns in the overseas operation will
never be taxed here. Billions of dollars have been borrowed from Canadian
financial institutions for this reason. Thus not only does the subsidy encourage
foreign investment by Canadian corporations and increase Canada's current
account deficit, but it also keeps Canadian interest rates needlessly high.

It's not only bad public policy, it is immoral for the federal government to cut
back on social programs - which benefit poor and middle-class Canadians - in
order to solve the deficit problem, while at the same time ignoring the
inequitable and inefficient spending programs delivered through the tax system,
which benefit the rich.

* Neil Brooks teaches tax law at Osgoode Hall, York University. He was recently
nominated vice-chairman of an Ontario government tax commission.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Geoffrey Moss): Women strangled by collar of man's button-down
shirtCanada; economy; welfare

                  Copyright 1991 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Loss of COBRA subsidies pinches jobless

BYLINE: Edward Gately, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 881 words


Dec. 2--Larry Peterson received a rude awakening when his latest monthly COBRA
insurance premium jumped from about $360 to nearly $1,100.

"My first 102 percent premium payment is due Dec. 31," the Chandler resident
said. "That's just to cover two people rather than three because my son has
other benefits as a Native American Indian. I had to reduce it from three people
to two, and, of course, dropped dental and a couple of other pieces just to
maintain the bare minimum."

Peterson, who lost is job in the pharmaceutical industry in January, is among
millions of laid-off workers and dependents nationwide who received federal
subsidies to help pay for COBRA health insurance coverage and lost the benefit
on Tuesday. COBRA provides workers who are either laid off or switch jobs the
right to temporarily continue their health coverage at group rates.

According to a new report by Families USA, many of those people losing the
subsidies may be joining the ranks of the uninsured. The federal COBRA subsidies
were started last March by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Under the
legislation, the subsidies pay 65 percent of the cost of COBRA premiums for nine
months.

Bruce Green, a Chandler resident who lost his job in the semiconductor industry
in mid-June, was at the Goodwill Career Center Tuesday applying for the federal
subsidy because his former employer is no longer paying for his COBRA coverage.

"I'm still unemployed and all of my separation pay is running out, and the
federal program to reduce the cost of that COBRA amount is really looking good
to me," he said. "If I can pay 35 percent of a $240 (monthly premium) for the
next six months or so, I would very much like to do that."

Nationally, the federal subsidies for COBRA coverage average $722 per month.
Without subsidies, premiums for family health coverage will cost laid-off
workers an average of $1,111 per month, 83.4 percent of the average monthly
unemployment insurance check ($1,333), according to Families USA.

Arizona is among nine states in which the average family COBRA premium without
the subsidy, $1,111, exceeds the average monthly unemployment insurance benefit,
$941. The average monthly COBRA premium with the subsidy is $389."Without the
subsidies, you have to pay 100 percent plus a 2 percent administration charge,
and as a result the cost for somebody who is without a job ... this is simply
unaffordable," said Ron Pollack, Families USA executive director. "People who
started receiving COBRA subsidies in March received the last of those subsidies
in November, and starting Dec. 1, those people ... no longer are eligible for
those subsidies."

Those people who began receiving the subsidies after March will be losing them
in the coming months, he said.

"When the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was adopted, the Congressional
Budget Office and the Joint Tax Committee estimated that approximately 7 million
adults and dependent children would receive the COBRA subsidy in 2009. We
believe that this will affect several million people right away and will
continue to affect additional people as the months go by," Pollack said. "It
means that anybody who wants to retain COBRA coverage is going to have to pay
for it completely out of pocket. That's roughly over $13,000 in annual premium
costs."

Health care reform legislation would provide continued insurance coverage for
displaced workers at a lower out-of-pocket cost, but it wouldn't take effect
until years from now, he said. In the meantime, legislation is pending in both
the U.S. House and Senate to immediately extend the federal COBRA subsidies
another six months, he said.

"After Dec. 31, anybody who loses their jobs (Jan. 1 and after), they're out in
the cold because the subsidy program will come to an end," Pollack said.
"Undoubtedly, the overwhelming majority of them will become insured because you
simply can't pay something like 83 percent of your unemployment insurance check
for the COBRA and still have a meaningful income available for shelter, food,
clothing and all the other necessities."

Peterson said he plans to seek cheaper insurance coverage for his daughter, and
then he would be the only family member on COBRA.

"Obviously maintaining the coverage is paramount and whatever I have to do, I'll
do it," he said.

The Maricopa Workforce Connections career center in Gilbert works with many
displaced workers to help them budget whatever income is available to cover
expenses like health insurance, said Joanna Abbott, program supervisor.

"(Losing the subsidies) could make a very drastic difference for folks who
haven't had to cover the whole amount of their COBRA costs in the past," she
said. "That would lead them to other options, and possibly not being able to
access health care insurance. As the subsidy loss starts to hit more and more
people, I imagine it will be a greater issue."

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091202-MZ-Loss-of-COBRA-subsidies-pinches-jobless-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Iran paper discuss negative consequences of new subsidies plan

LENGTH: 727 words


Text of commentary by Seyyed Javad Seyyedpur: "The objectives of the new
targeted [subsidies plan]" Tehran-e Emruz on 18 February.

Some people are saying a new class is forming-the needy class! This is the class
that will appear and form new layers in society following yesterday's Majles
legislation. However is this truly the case? The plan to stop payments of cash
subsidies beginning in the year 93 [21 March 2014 - 20 March 2015] and to
allocate such subsidies only to "needy" persons is the most important
development in the Targeted Subsidies Law's three years of implementation.

Since the time it was first prepared, approved and implemented this law has
encountered many buts and ifs as well as support and opposition but it has
become one of the main influential variables on the indicators of the nation's
overall economy. Although with this Majlis and government consensus a decision
has been made to give cash subsidies only to needy persons, it appears that a
law that has been implemented in Iran called Targeted Subsidies will not
withdraw its shadow from the economy this easily and that it will remain an
influential parameter, because the payment of cash subsidies to citizens is just
one part of the Targeted Subsidies Law, and other parts of this law still remain
such as the complete deregulation of the prices of energy carriers and the
allocation of energy subsidies to the production, industrial and agricultural
sectors.

At the same time, from here on another issue called "designating those in need
of receiving cash subsidies" will appear, because according to the Majlis
measure the government has been authorized to pay cash subsidies to people whose
incomes are below a designated point after re-registration.

So far two measures have been taken for designating the ten social and income
classes, which have more or less failed. The Ahmadinezhad government took the
first step. Its intent was to stipulate the economic standing of each citizen by
dividing the social classes into three clusters. The plan was to give more
subsidies to the weaker cluster, to allocate fewer subsidies to the middle
cluster and to deprive the affluent class of cash subsidies. As soon as this
decision was applied there was a loud voice of protest saying the government
would have to abandon the clustering plan and allocate the subsidies equally to
all citizens.

The second measure was taken by this new government, which distributed baskets
of commodities among heads of households with incomes less than 500,000 tumans
(approx 170 dollars). This caused extensive eliminations of more than 13 million
workers, retirees, unemployed persons and uninsured workers. This also raised
many voices of protest and the government announced that in the second stage it
would allocate baskets of commodities to all insured persons and retirees.
Therefore if we keep these two experiences in mind it is predictable that
beginning the first of the year [21 March] there will be a wave of new
registrants and in this process there will be events that demand careful
management.

For example it is not clear to which people the income criterion should apply.
Will the poverty line be the criterion or will it be the minimum wage of
labourers and government staff? What is the requirement for retirees, unemployed
persons and uninsured workers, who are mostly not mentioned in any information
systems?

These things are just part of the issue because announcing that the head of the
household is needy or in need could also have a special social or cultural
impact - which it does - and for example it might become customary to ask about
the social class of some particular head of a household. Does he need to receive
subsidies or is he affluent and not in need of subsidies?

Of course if more careful expert work is done on the matter one can also
postulate other possible consequences. The new Majlis legislation, which has
also come with support from the government, has been written simply on paper but
in practice it will also have many problems as well as unknown consequences. By
recognizing the problems the government, the Majlis and the other relevant
institutions ought to be able to put the matter in order at the least expense
possible, but is such an expectation natural for such an important matter?

Source: Tehran-e Emruz website, Tehran, in Persian 18 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above '10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 625 words


There will be no subsidy on cooking gas cylinders if the registered consumer or
his/her spouse has an annual taxable income of more han Rs 10 lakh, the oil
minis ry announced on Monday .

The income cap will come nto effect from next month.To begin with, the new
criteria will be applied on the basis of self-declaration at the time of booking
an LPG refill in keeping with the "government's approach of trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so

that clean fuel can be provided to those who are still dependent on firewood or
cowdung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The

ministry's move will ensure that consumers who fall in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their subsidy , once the criteria are implemented fully by linking
the PAN number to the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it may also
raise the hackles of several middle-class voters.

The move indicates the Modi government's resolve to tackle the issue of kitchen
subsidy , long a holy cow of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with
various plans in the past but floundered under political pressure.

Governments have toyed with various ideas to tackle LPG subsidy but have
floundered under political pulls and pressures. The Modi government's move to
end the subsidy for all those earning above

Rs 10 lakh marks the first time that a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front government in 1997 unveiled a comprehensive oil reforms package
with timelines for deregulating fuel prices and remov

ing subsidies. Carrying forward that decision, the ministry under Ram Naik
during the NDA-I rule decided in 2002 to first freeze -and then gradually phase
out -LPG subsidy by raising rates in small measures. But this plan was dumped as
polls neared and oil prices spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy , first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly , households with a
car, house or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy . But the plan did not move
beyond the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on No

vember 7, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last month given an indication
that the government was looking at stripping the rich of subsidy with the aim of
ensuring more responsible use of public money.

"I humbly submit that the time has come for the government, the finance

ministry can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be
given the subsidy... The question as to who should get subsidy should be
debated.Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket,"
Pradhan had told the fi

nance ministry's Delhi Economics Conclave on November 6.

The oil minister was reacting to a question from finance minister Arun Jaitley,
who asked whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile)
programme aimed at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the
subsidy to people within a particular income bracket.

Nearly a year ago, Jaitley had told a media event in Delhi that "the next
important decision India will have to take is whether people like me... (are)
entitled to get our LPG subsidy . I think the sooner we are able to take these
decisions as to who is entitled to these subsidies -of course some people would
be -the better it would be for our system.These decisions are all on our
agenda."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

Fuel subsidy: No clear roadmap

LENGTH: 518 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 19 -- The government has exempted oil producers ONGC and Oil
India from payment of fuel subsidy for the fourth quarter. In a letter the Oil
ministry said it will pay Rs 5,324 crore in fuel subsidy for the January-March
quarter, effectively, meeting all of the revenue retailers lost on selling
domestic LPG and kerosene at subsidized prices. Given the government's plan of
big-ticket disinvestments in oil PSUs including ONGC to meet the highest ever
divestment target of Rs 69,500 crore in FY16, its decision to bear the burden of
the LPG subsidy is welcome.

Usually, the government regulates price of cooking fuels like LPG and kerosene
to cushion consumers from high international prices. The difference between the
cost and the retail selling price is borne partly by the government by way of
cash subsidy and the other part by upstream producers like ONGC. According to
the new plan, the upstream oil firms-GAIL, Oil India and ONGCwill not share the
LPG subsidy burden, though they will have to continue to contribute a fraction
of the kerosene subsidy. What is not clear, however, is whether this is just a
temporary decision aimed at bolstering the ONGC share price ahead of the
divestment which was made possible by the sharp collapse in global crude oil
prices. Were crude oil prices to start rising again, will the government once
again ask oil PSUs like ONGC to share the subsidy burden? That will be nothing
short of opportunism. Thus, the government would do well to come out with a
clear-cut subsidy sharing roadmap.

The reason for the lack of roadmap, on the face of it, has to do with the
government's inability to bite the bullet on cutting subsidies. Which is why,
while diesel was decontrolled due to the UPA's decision to raise prices
steadily, there has been little progress in cutting other subsidies.

Naturally, once global crude prices rise, so will the subsidies.

The LPG subsidy for FY16 has been estimated at Rs 18,000 crore if the average
crude oil price remains $60 per barrel-and Rs 25,000 crore at $70 crude. While
this is dramatically lower than the Rs 46,000 crore in FY14, it is entirely
dependent on crude prices. Ditto for kerosene where, as compared to Rs 31,000
crore in FY14, the FY16 subsidy is projected to be anywhere between Rs 13,000
crore and Rs 16,500 crore depending upon whether crude stays at $60 or $70 per
barrel. Given the low global prices, it is still not clear why the government
has not moved on chipping away at LPG subsidies in the way the UPA did with
diesel prices. Similarly, in the case of kerosene, there has been no attempt to
link subsidy payouts to Aadhaar cards. If the situation in terms of pricing
remains the way it is, and oil prices start rising in the international market,
the subsidy bill will also go up. Given the tight budgetary condiotions, the
government cannot afford to pay the subsidy bill on its own.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2015 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday

Power subsidy: savings to go on for those who use less

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 390  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Delhi government announced on Monday that it will continue to provide a
targetted subsidy to all those who control the consumption of power.

Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit, however, was silent on a more crucial subsidy,
which ended on May 31 this year. Consumers have already seen a hike in power
tariff because of this. The crucial subsidy was announced by the Delhi
government in 2005, when a substantial tariff hike was passed that year.

In order to cushion the consumer from that hike, the government decided that it
would give a five per cent subsidy to all consumers and discoms would match it.
When the subsidy expired on May 31 this year, Dikshit said her government would
consider whether the subsidy ought to continue or not. Officials in the Power
department confirmed the government has now decided to permanently end that
subsidy. While the Delhi government did not make an official statement regarding
the reasons for ending this subsidy, officials said it was "due to the paucity
of funds." In the Delhi government's Budget announced earlier this year, no
provision was made for this particular subsidy.

Under this 10 per cent crucial subsidy, all categories of domestic consumers got
a reduction of 25 paise per unit for consumption up to 200 units, 35 paise per
unit for consumption between 201 and 400 units and 55 paise per unit for
consumption above 400 units. With the end of this subsidy, consumers have
already started noticing a hike in their bills. (see box)

Under the targetted subsidy, which also expired on May 31, domestic consumers
who limit their consumption to 150 units in non-peak months, and to 200 units in
peak months will get power at Re 1 per unit. Without this, the rate of power per
unit up to the consumption of 200 units is Rs 2.45. The low peak months include
February, March, April, September, October, and November. High-demand months are
January, May, June, July, August and December.

The targetted subsidy, however, was started in March 2008 by the Delhi
government, "to reward consumers who limit their power consumption". Officials
in the Power department said this subsidy has helped convince consumers to shift
to legal metered connections.

The government has also decided to continue a subsidy to agricultural consumers
who will continue availing power at a subsidised rate of Rs 1.55 per unit.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  August 08, 2001 Wednesday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Put an end to export subsidies

BYLINE: Neville Nankivell

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: EDITORIAL; Pg. C17, Editorial

LENGTH: 921 words


If a new round of talks on freer global trade does get launched later this year
in Doha, Qatar, eliminating export subsidies should be high on the agenda.
Politically driven government subsidy programs distort trade. They impede fair
competition.

Export subsidy programs are limited under present World Trade Organization
rules, but there are plenty of exceptions. 'Their use remains rampant and
pervasive worldwide,' says a timely new study by the Saskatoon-based Estey
Centre for Law and Economics in International Trade. This is particularly true
in agriculture, it notes, where there is heavy government subsidization and
other forms of government interference.

Subsidy programs for agricultural products have started to be constrained under
a WTO agreement, but to a much lesser extent than for other industry sectors.
Also, while export subsidies of industrial products are supposed to be banned,
interpretations of what exactly is prohibited are still evolving. The WTO's body
of jurisprudence is still relatively new.

For instance, the acrimonious dispute between Canada and Brazil over
preferential government export financing support for their aircraft makers --
Bombardier and Embraer -- still isn't resolved. Both sides have claimed
victories through a WTO dispute-settlement process that so far has mostly
favoured Canada, although it rightly has ruled some elements of our programs
offside. The Canadian government has the option of imposing countervail trade
penalties against Brazil, but is still trying to reach a negotiated resolution.
Brazil has launched a new legal challenge over Bombardier's recent massive
regional-jet sales to U.S. airlines, which involve Canadian government financing
support.

What is clear, however, says the Estey Centre's analysis of dispute-settlement
case results, is that the WTO has developed a broad definition of what
constitutes an export subsidy, and is getting tough on trade-distorting
subsidization. Canada's 'special milk scheme' -- under which the price of
exported industrial milk is lower than in the domestic market -- has been ruled
illegal. So has the preferential import duty treatment for a limited number of
our domestic automakers.

The WTO has two agreements covering export subsidies: an agreement on subsidies
and countervailing trade measures (the SCM), and one on agriculture (the AOA).
Generally, a government support program is considered a subsidy when a financial
contribution is made by a government, a benefit is conferred on the recipient
that wouldn't otherwise be available in the marketplace, and the financial
contribution is contingent on export performance (exports or export earnings
being increased). What amounts to a government financial contribution can be
disputed because the rules don't cover everything. But it does include the
provision of goods and services or the purchase of them by a government. Under
the complex AOA, some agricultural export support programs can be challenged,
but others are allowed if they fall within a member country's subsidy-reduction
commitment levels.

'Insights into how the wording of the agreements is being interpreted are only
coming to light as cases work their way through the [WTO] system,' says James
Leach, the Estey Centre's executive director. These precedents will bring a
better understanding of which kind of government support programs will be
considered onside, and which are 'actionable' under the WTO process. But the
study says a potential weakness is the failure, so far, to tie legal definitions
of an export subsidy to the actual impact of the subsidy on world prices or
export volumes. So far, it says, the dispute settlement body has not fully
explored 'appropriate economic principles' upon which to base its rulings, such
as what economic harm is done. Instead, it has been quite rigidly following
literal interpretations of the agreements, although this legalistic line is
understandable under a rules-based approach.

Another issue is that this might eventually trip up government-sanctioned
marketing schemes such as co-operative marketing boards for agricultural
products. Free traders would be pleased at this result, but it might not be what
some WTO members intended. The Canadian government, for instance, favours
reducing agricultural subsidies but wants to maintain farm-support programs and
marketing boards.

While there are still uncertainty and growing pains surrounding the WTO rules,
the Estey Centre study says the 'common conclusion' is that they will have a
significant restraining impact on domestic policy options involving subsidy
programs.

Reducing government involvement this way would create fairer competitive
conditions for global trade, leave it more market driven and contribute to
export growth. If agricultural subsidies were substantially reduced, consumers
would certainly benefit. But compliance by governments isn't likely to go beyond
the letter of the present agreements, the study says, because they find subsidy
reduction so politically difficult -- especially in agriculture. Also, when the
WTO does rule that certain export support programs are illegal, governments can
be pretty creative about inventing new forms of subsidies.

This is why another broad push on the subsidy issue is desirable in any new
round of WTO trade talks. As the Estey Centre report emphasizes, export
subsidies are trade inhibiting, trade distorting, and run counter to the spirit
of the trade liberalization the WTO is trying to promote.

LOAD-DATE: August 08, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Editorial

                    Copyright 2001 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

Still On Hardliners Over Fuel Subsidy Removal [opinion]

BYLINE: Yushau A. Shuaib

LENGTH: 861 words


Everyone, young and old alike felt the impact of the fuel subsidy removal and
nationwide strike that accompanied its implementation. The consequences of the
policy which took effect from January 1, 2011 before it was reverted to N97 by
the government, had brought untoward hardship not only on the oppositions but
also the proponents, especially those in the government.

Facts and figures became weapons of warfare; they were brandished by major
stakeholders from the both sides of the divide. While the oppositions were
mobilised and organised through television, radio, handbills and online social
media, it had no specific leaders as arrowheads or hardliners and their numbers
increased by the day, although notable among them are Mallam Nasir el-Rufai,
Femi Falana, and Pastor Tunde Bakare and some labour leaders. They were in
unison, insisting that the issue is not about subsidy removal, but about curbing
corruption and making Nigeria refineries functional. They stated that Nigeria's
problem is not about ethnicity or religion but about endemic corruption and
poverty.

While the major supporters of subsidy removal consisted of few cabinet members
in government, ethnic jingoists too were promoting divisive tendencies against
other sections of Nigeria. They placed inciting syndicated adverts in many
newspapers, costing millions of Naira to impute bogus sectional sentiments and
even treasonable felony to organisers and participants in the protests against
removal of fuel subsidy. Their arguments are not only childish and diversionary,
they do not worth repeat because of their seditious intents.

Surprisingly, as President Goodluck Jonathan continued to receive the blame over
the policy, it was not too clear if he was the principal initiator of the fuel
subsidy removal. Apart from the nationwide broadcasts where he pleaded with
Nigerians to exercise patient on the policy admitting that "I know that the
removal of the petroleum subsidy imposes an initial burden on our people,
especially the rising cost of transportation. Government will be vigilant and
act decisively to curb the excesses of those that want to exploit the current
situation for selfish gains."

The hardliners in the government who are conspicuous in identifying and strongly
supporting the removal of subsidy include the Governor of the Central Bank of
Nigeria, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, who admitted that the fight against corrupt
practices influenced his decision to back the subsidy removal. He unequivocally
disclosed that the two sectors that led to the near collapse of the banking
industry were capital markets and oil marketing. He disclosed publicly that two
companies alone owned by a businessman owed the Nigerian banking industry over
N220 billion. He said: "We all saw the amount of subsidy paid to those companies
published. Money had been taken, subsidy had been collected but loans were not
repaid, and we couldn't see the money either as product in tank farms or in fuel
stations or credit sales. So I became obsessed with trying to understand how
that industry operated and the more I saw, the more I hated it and I started the
war against subsidies."

He further admitted that for two years he had been convinced that fuel subsidy
was a scam and that it could not be stopped because "the entire controls have
been compromised. NNPC sells domestic crude, pays whatever subsidy PPPRA says
and then gives the balance after JVC (Joint Venture Cash) to the federation
account."

The Finance minister Okonjo Iweala, on the other hand denies that she is
mastermind behind the policy to remove subsidy on fuel, claiming in a BBC
Interview that "the World Bank and IMF have nothing to do with this, absolutely
nothing. This is an internal government decision... Six month before I came, the
governors have all pushed for subsidy removal."

Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger State claimed that Sanusi Lamido Sanusi was
the mastermind of subsidy removal. He claimed that "an alarm raised by CBN
governor led us (governors) to demand for the removal of fuel subsidy."

Meanwhile, the minister of Information who has been cautiously and consciously
defending the subsidy being a former student leader who led protests against
anti-people policy during his university's days in the 80s, said: "If the
federal government did not take this leadership decision of subsidy removal, the
economy will crash as it is been experienced in some parts of Europe recently.
The government has the burden today to save the economy and do not want to look
at the option of retrenching workers to save the economy from crashing as some
European countries have done."

President Goodluck Jonathan should summon the courage to fight and punish
corrupt criminals looting the system through the so-called fuel subsidy. He
should also attend to genuine advice from patriotic Nigerians rather than
listening to singsongs from ethnic jingoists using his name to create divisions
and disharmony in the polity. Though sectional leaders have the right to prove
their love for their 'son-of-the soil' but Goodluck Jonathan is not a tribal
leader but Nigeria's president.

-Shuaib wrote in from Finance Estate, Wuye, Abuja

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Syrian economy minister views market economy plans, redistribution of subsidies

LENGTH: 3185 words


Text of report by Syrian newspaper Al-Ba'th website on 25 September

[Interview with Dr Amir Lutfi, Syrian minister of economy and trade, by Adnan
Abd-al-Raziq; place and date not given: "I Do Not Like the Word Failure; Let Us
Say We Succeeded Relatively in Curbing Markets; I Believe in Strict,
Interventionist State in This Age of Market Economy"]

It looks as though the decision of lifting the subsidies has been postponed. At
least it seems that there is no specific scenario to follow, even though some
said that the decision to lift the subsidies has been made and there is no
looking back because it is a national necessity. It is aimed at keeping the
state treasury strong, because it represents the pockets of the subjects, as
Mu'awiyah Bin-Abi-Sufyan [first caliph in the Umayyad Dynasty, seventh century]
said.

Yet, is lifting the subsidies commensurate with the social market economy
because this decision rejects almsgiving and pampering the subjects, or does it
contradict it, especially after officials underlined the word 'social,' and
given the fairness involved and the intention not to overburden limited income
groups?

Is it true what some economists said; namely, that subsidies for diesel oil
reached 150 billion Syrian pounds? We wonder who finances the diesel oil if the
subsidies in the state budget do not exceeded 60 billion pounds. Can was declare
that the government has failed in controlling the prices despite its repeated
attempts and the numerous meetings with representatives of the business sector?

More importantly perhaps: Can the government dictate to the business sector,
under the social market economy conditions, what to do, or does that market have
its priorities and special tools? The question is: Where does the state's
intervention begins and where does it end?

In an attempt to find answers to questions that cause apprehensions to the
majority of the people, we met with Dr Amir Lutfi, minister of economy and
trade. We also asked him about the possibility of restoring the spirit to the
body of the partnership with the EU, especially after visits to Syria by
European parliamentary delegations, and their eagerness to sign a final
agreement.

[Abd-al-Raziq] It seems as though there are indications that the decision to
lift subsidies on oil byproducts will be abandoned. Has the government retreated
from its plan to redistribute subsidies?

[Lutfi] I think there is an ambiguity. I do not know how the idea developed that
subsidies would be a lifted. I assure you that studies are under way to
redistribute the subsidies in a more just and effective manner than what we have
at present. As to the reports that the government is abandoning its decision, it
is not true because the decision was that the current government would face this
often-postponed problem by adopting a better formula to ensure that the subsides
become beneficial to the people.

No ministry has a magical solution. However, the issue is extremely important
and the effects that will result from adopting any formula or scenario will be
significant. We are working now on studying several scenarios in order to
consider the redistribution of the subsidies. When the studies of these
scenarios have been completed, we will compare them and consider the pros and
cons of each scenario in order to focus on the best scenario.

Here I would like to point out two things. The first thing is that the scenario
will be presented to what is called power centres in the Syrian economy - the
popular organizations, the People's Assembly, the political leadership, and the
leadership of the National Progress Front - so that agreement can be reached
after the scenario, on which we have focused as the best one, is explained. The
second thing is related to a purely government mechanism, and I mean the
negative consequences of the implementation of this scenario. What measures and
steps the government should take to keep these negative consequences at a
minimum level? Once we agree on a scenario, we will have another job; namely,
what measures will we take to reduce the negative aspects of this scenario.

Let me give an example on these measures. If the implementation of one of the
scenarios results in placing an amount of cash in the hands of the people, this
cash will be an addition to the money in their possession and this extra cash
will not be balanced by commodities and services. Then there will be inflation.
Therefore, what measure should the competent departments take, especially the
monetary authorities, to bring this additional cash under control?

Now to your question. The decision that was made and which has not been changed
is a study to redistribute the subsidies. However, the decision on implementing
the final formula has not been made yet because we are studying the various
subsidies.

[Abd-al-Raziq] Mr Minister, we will put it to you diplomatically. The economic
team that called for a decision to lift the subsidies said that the decision was
made but has not been signed yet.

[Lutfi] I think that the ambiguity can be explained. The decision was made to
redistribute the subsidies but no decision was made on what scenario to adopt.
Therefore, those from the government who stated that the decision was made said
the right thing. The decision has not been abandoned and we are still following
up the issue but no decision has been made on the new formula to redistribute
the subsidies.

[Abd-al-Raziq] Mr Minister, you are a specialist in the transition from a
planned economy to the market economy. Do you think that the social market
necessitates maintaining the subsidies to realize social aims, or do you think
that this policy requires lifting the subsidies because it does not believe in
pampering the society?

[Lutfi] I believe in the political decision that was made to shift from the
planned economy to the market economy gradually, based on paying attention to
the social aspect. The leadership stressed the social side to the matter in
order to affirm the right of citizens of various sectors to demand that the
state pay attention to the social consequences. Restudying the current formula
on the subsidies is an affirmation of the social aspect in the market economy.
This is because the social market economy must always take into consideration
the major interests of the various strata of the society. When we say that the
current subsidies formula does not improve this social aspect, we mean that
there are failures resulting from the current formula such as smuggling and
unfair distribution of subsidies. Therefore, making a decision to confront this
problem and seek a formula providing a high level of social justice is an
affirmation that the government respects the shift to the social market economy.

[Abd-al-Raziq] Some said that exaggerations occurred during efforts to promote
the decision of lifting subsidies. The financial burden resulting from the
subsidies exceeded what was earmarked for general subsidies in the state budget
- rice, Sugar, oil. Are the figures accurate? And if they are correct, were the
money provided from outside the budget? Is this not a violation of the law?

[Lutfi] Whether the subsidies reach 50 or 100 billion pounds, the fact remains
that there are subsidies that do not benefit the deserving ones. The subsidies
have been growing year after year after the increasing demands for subsidized
commodities. Meanwhile part of the budget deficit was covered from the oil's net
balance sheet. The budget deficit is due to several factors, including the
subsidies. Now the net oil balance is minus. Therefore, we are no longer able to
finance the budget deficit. Therefore, we are now facing a real problem
regardless of the figures of the subsidies.

[Abd-al-Raziq] Let us suppose that the energy cost is raised, does this not mean
an increase in cost production and hence either raising the Syrian production
prices or compromising the quality of this production, and in both cases
reducing its ability to compete in the market at home and abroad?

[Lutfi] Exactly. The scenarios that are being studied on the redistribution of
the subsidies take into consideration the industry's need of energy. How can
this process be brought under control so that it might not lead to raising the
cost of the industrial production, and hence limiting its competitive power at
home and abroad.

When we redistribute the subsidies, we will have an extra cash. This cash will
be allocated to a number of categories - backing the industrial sector, backing
the agricultural sector, backing exports. These amounts change from one year to
the next, based on the needs submitted by such industries. Let us take the
subsidies for exports, for instance. We are still in the phase of laying down
the foundations of the draft decree on the Export Promotion Board. This board
will begin work the moment it is formed. It will not be able to spend 3 billion
pounds for instance. There are certain mechanisms that have to be drawn up,
which might begin with 500 million pounds. Therefore, we will be able to secure
these amounts of money to send them to these sectors in order to maintain their
competitiveness.

Nevertheless, this does not mean that we will be able to control the process
completely. In one form or another, there will be jumps in the production cost.
This is because the effects of any scenario will act in two parts. The first
part is direct, which can be calculated in an economic way; that is, purely
mathematical. Normally, in the economy this does not take place in reality but
these calculations are necessary as a basis, an indicator, to build upon. The
second part of these effects is indirect. The indirect effects are the ones that
cause concern. Part of them are called the epidemic phenomenon of spiraling
prices because the one who produces a commodity that does not use any subsidized
materials will raise his prices because he will buy materials whose prices were
raised. This means that as far as he is concerned, the cost of living will
increase which will make him raise his prices to maintain a certain level.

[Abd-al-Raziq] You mentioned the price hikes. To what extent can the government
bear responsibility for this? After the news spread about lifting the subsidies,
the psychological factor became the most important factor that caused price
hikes. Is history repeating itself now? Two years ago, the Syrian pound faced a
grave crisis because of the numerous official pronouncements?

[Lutfi] History has repeated itself somehow. Giving inaccurate concepts to the
people prompted the people to reach logical conclusions based on many domestic
and external reasons, and I emphasize the domestic reasons. We are in a stage of
transition and transformation. Therefore, the conditions of the Syrian economy
are not clear because we are still laying the pillars of this new economy in
terms of legislations, tools, and institutions. Therefore the pessimistic but
reasonable expectations compelled the people to think that the prices would
definitely go up. The prices did rise because some realize great benefits from
this shock. Therefore, we immediately began working on various levels to
re-explain this issue, which is related to reasonable expectations. We said that
we were studying this issue and would be drawing up regulations and would not
make any decisions until we have studied all these measures. Meanwhile, the
market and the prices are being strictly monitored.

[Abd-al-Raziq] You met with the business sector. You held dialogues and perhaps
issued threats but the reality demonstrates your failure to bring the prices
under control.

[Lutfi] I do not like to hear the word failure. Let us say that we succeeded
only relatively because this gives us optimism to continue and issue more
directives, given the fact that a number of commodities were affected in one
form or another. True, some commodities were impacted by world prices - a barrel
of oil now costs $80. We discussed the commodities that should not be impacted
by the world prices and, therefore, we concentrated on food prices. Therefore,
and in accordance with reports from the governorates, figures indicated a
relative drop in the prices of certain commodities. This means that we have not
failed.

[Abd-al-Raziq] But how can we understand the government's intervention and
perhaps its threat to the business sector if we are dealing with the social
market economy, its role, and its freedom? Why do you not intervene indirectly
and through your long arms?

[Lutfi] We are not dealing with a social market economy. Indeed we are on our
way to shifting to such an economy. We have not established this policy yet.
Legislations that organize the work of the social market economy have not been
enacted yet, at least the package that is directly concerned with this issue. In
the People's Assembly now we have the Trade Law, the Companies Law, the Law on
Food Safety, the Law on Protecting the Consumer, and the Law on Competition and
the Prevention of Monopolization. We have five draft laws that form the backbone
of the social market economy. Therefore we are on our way to the social market
economy, and therefore, we should not be held responsible for the existing
conditions, as if the social market economy is a failure.

We are in a transitional stage and naturally such shocks are normal regardless
of any external influences because the transformation period normally encounter
such shocks. I assure you that the shocks that we have experienced are much
smaller than the shocks that the European economies that were transformed into
the market economy had encountered. We asked the business sector to cooperate to
build a sound economy beneficial to all because the social part of the market
economy is what we are after. The main aim behind it is that the benefit of the
economy of scale should be felt by the public, even though in various degrees.

Therefore, at the instructions of the prime minister, the deputy [?premier] for
economic affairs and I met with the representatives of the business sector in
order to work together to have this phase pass with the least possible losses
and without harming low-income groups. Here, I would like to note that certain
corporations and entities, especially those that belong to the Economy Ministry,
are endeavouring to devise solutions. I am certain that they do not have the
tools to completely solve the problem because their resources are limited.

[Abd-al-Raziq] What I meant was: Have you the right to directly intervene in the
current economic reality?

[Lutfi] I am one of those who believe that the state should intervene in the
market economy. The state must be strict and interventionist. It should
intervene because the market economy does not have the inherent factors to
impose its own restrictions, and therefore there are flaws that certainly
require state intervention to remove them. The state should be strict in
punishing those who contravene the market economy laws because there are bodies
that will emanate from this market whose job will be to control the food safety,
protect the consumer and the national production, and guard against the flooding
of the market. These bodies are strict in punishing those who contravene laws
and regulations.

Therefore, the government's role must be an interventionist and a strict role
but we must distinguish between the state intervention that used to be felt
during the previous economic policy and the current methods of intervention. The
intervention now concerns strategic issues. It creates regulations that organize
the economic activity. The best intervention is that which aims to redistribute
the national income in a more equitable way.

[Abd-al-Raziq] The monetary inflation is the talk of the economists now. Has the
percentage of the inflation increased to the extent that it swallowed up the
production growth and the interest rate? What have you done to absorb or contain
this economic ailment?

[Lutfi] Now let me explain the difference between the inflation and the economic
growth percentage. The growth percentage is calculated in two ways. In the first
we use the term: the percentage of the current growth. This includes the rise in
prices. In the second we say: the percentage of growth based on fixed cost. This
means that we deduct from it the average rise in prices in general. In this
case, if we say that we have realized a growth percentage of 5.1 per cent, this
means that this percentage is a genuine one; that is, independent of the rise in
prices. As for the interest rates, there are two types: the current interest
rate, and the real interest rates. The real interest rate is the result of
deducting the inflation rate from the current interest rate. The result will be
the real interest rate. If the inflation rate rises above the current interest
rate, then the real interest rate will be below zero.

We are now proceeding towards a positive real growth rates. This means that the
investments that occurred in the economy produced returns - I mean realized
profits - that are higher than the interest rates. Therefore, we went for
investments and exceeded the rate of inflation. This means we have real rates of
growth. If the inflation rate swallowed up the real growth rate, then the growth
rate would be minus.

As for the Economy Ministry's role in fighting inflation, I must say that we do
not have comprehensive financial and monetary resources, whether direct or
indirect. We have limited resources, the most important of which is supervision
of the Currency Bureau and the Consumer Protection Department - formerly the
Supply Supervision Commission. But there are resources in other ministries - the
Finance Ministry, the Central Bank, the Agriculture Ministry, and the Oil
Ministry.

We have worked in accordance with the available resources and we are monitoring
the inflation rate on a monthly basis. We have formed a unit at the Economy
Ministry to collect data on a monthly basis and in cooperation with those
concerned in order to study the database and compare it with the consumer basket
and the qualitative weight of each commodity.

[Abd-al-Raziq] Finally, a British Parliamentary delegation and other European
delegations, visited the country and they stressed the need for signing the
partnership agreement between Syria and the EU. Are you preparing to sign? Are
the previous conditions still valid?

[Lutfi] Many delegations from the EU visit Syria. They all speak in this regard.
We have received nothing official so far. However, even if the EU comes back now
and declares a phase of new partnership with Syria, we will present several
demands. When the agreement was initialed in 2004, the Syrian economy had
reached a certain level of preparation and therefore we agreed to the EU
demands. However, now, three years later, I believe we have bypassed all that we
had agreed upon in the interest of the Syrian side. Therefore, if the issue is
broached once again, we will have a new round of discussions, and perhaps
present certain conditions.

Source: Al-Ba'th website, Damascus, in Arabic 25 Sep 07

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              March 3, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Save the Farms -- End the Subsidies

BYLINE: Chris Edwards and Tad DeHaven

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 718 words


"This nation has got to eat," President Bush said in a recent speech supporting
the $ 170 billion farm subsidy bill pending before Congress. In the new federal
budget, Bush is quoted as saying that "our farmers and ranchers are the most
efficient producers in the world . . . we're really good at it."

Does the government really need to subsidize such an efficient industry, then?
Do we need farming subsidies in order for Americans to eat?

Evidence from New Zealand indicates that the answer is an emphatic no on both
counts. In 1984 New Zealand's Labor government took the dramatic step of ending
all farm subsidies, which then consisted of 30 separate production payments and
export incentives. This was a truly striking policy action, because New
Zealand's economy is roughly five times more dependent on farming than is the
U.S. economy, measured by either output or employment. Subsidies in New Zealand
accounted for more than 30 percent of the value of production before reform,
somewhat higher than U.S. subsidies today. And New Zealand farming was marred by
the same problems caused by U.S. subsidies, including overproduction,
environmental degradation and inflated land prices.

Subsidy elimination in New Zealand was swift and sure. There was no extended
phaseout of farm payments, as was promised but not delivered under U.S. farm
reforms in 1996. Instead, New Zealand's government simply offered one-time "exit
grants" to those who wanted to leave farming when subsidies ended.

New Zealand's plan was initially met with protest marches on parliament and
organized resistance by farmers. Bolstering opposition was the government's own
prediction that 10 percent of all the country's farms would go out of business.
But the subsidies were ended, and New Zealand farming has never been healthier.

A report last year from the country's main farmers' group, the Federated Farmers
of New Zealand, documents the positive change and growth in that country's
agriculture industry since subsidies ended. While land prices initially fell
after reform, by 1994 they had rebounded, and they remain high today. The mass
of farm bankruptcies some had expected never occurred; just 1 percent of farms
have gone out of business.

Meanwhile, the value of farm output in New Zealand has soared 40 percent in
constant dollar terms since the mid-1980s. Agriculture's share of New Zealand's
economic output has risen slightly, from a pre-reform 14 percent to 17 percent
today. Since subsidies were removed, productivity in the industry has averaged 6
percent growth annually, compared with just 1 percent before reform. Farming in
New Zealand scores well on the export "report card," with producers competing
successfully in world markets against subsidized farm production in much of the
rest of the world.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) confirms that
New Zealand has the least subsidized farm sector among the industrial nations,
concluding that its reforms "resulted in a dramatic reduction in market
distortions." The OECD's data show that agriculture subsidies account for just 1
percent of the value of agriculture production in New Zealand and consist mainly
of scientific research funding. By contrast, subsidies represent 22 percent of
the value of U.S. farm production.

Forced to adjust to new economic realities, New Zealand farmers cut costs,
diversified their land use, sought non-farm income opportunities and altered
production as market signals advised -- for example, by reducing sheep numbers
and boosting cattle ranching. Farmers were aided on the cost side as input
prices fell, because suppliers could no longer count on subsidies to inflate
demand.

The striving for greater efficiency also supported environmental protection as
marginal land farmed only to collect subsidies was replaced with native bush,
and overuse of fertilizers ended when fertilizer subsidies were removed.

The Federated Farmers of New Zealand believe their country's experience
"thoroughly debunked the myth that the farming sector cannot prosper without
government subsidies." It is still not too late to revisit the U.S. farm bill
and debunk the myth in this country.

Chris Edwards is director of fiscal policy at the Cato Institute and Tad DeHaven
is a research associate there.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Wealthy continue to get farm subsidies, GAO finds

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 763 words


Nov. 25--WASHINGTON -- Millionaire farmers continue to pluck crop subsidies they
don't deserve, federal investigators say.

At least 2,702 farmers nationwide received subsidies between 2003 and 2006 even
through they were making more than the $2.5 million gross income cutoff. The
unwarranted payments totaled $49 million and exposed enduring Agriculture
Department management problems, investigators concluded.

"USDA cannot be assured that millions of dollars in farm program payments it
made are proper," the Government Accountability Office investigators noted in
the report issued Monday.

In one case, investigators noted, "an individual with ownership interest in a
professional sports franchise received a total of more than $200,000 in farm
program payments for 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006."

Other rich and unjustified crop subsidy recipients identified by investigators
included "a top executive of a major financial services firm," a "founder and
former executive of an insurance company" and a "former executive of a
technology company."

The department's Farm Services Agency stated in its official audit response that
it "made the best use of the resources available" and further stressed that the
reported improper payments amounted to less than 1 percent of total crop subsidy
payments.

But the critical findings do not entirely surprise activists who tried with
minimal success last year to restrain crop subsidies in the latest $286 billion
farm bill. They also underscore some of the major challenges facing whoever
President-elect Barack Obama taps as the new agriculture secretary.

"You have to have the right management team in place," former Agriculture
Secretary Ann Veneman said in an interview Monday.

No clear front-runner has yet appeared in the Agriculture Department
sweepstakes. When the new secretary takes office, he or she will find the latest
48-page GAO report figuratively sitting atop a stack of previous audits,
investigations and congressional hearing transcripts that convey a common
message.

"Without better oversight to ensure that farm program funds are spent as
economically, efficiently and effectively as possible, USDA had little assurance
that these funds benefit the agriculture sector as intended," the new report
warns.

Previous investigations likewise found loopholes and shortcomings in the
management of crop subsidies and other direct payments, which currently total
about $16 million annually. The payments favor Midwestern and Southern states
dominated by commodities such as wheat, corn, rice and cotton. Fruit and
vegetable growers don't receive direct subsidies.

California farmers, for instance, received $166 million and Florida farmers only
$11 million in 2005, according to a database compiled by the Environmental
Working Group. In wheat-rich Kansas, subsidies totaled $333 million.

The 2008 farm bill imposes some new income restrictions on these subsidy
recipients, while not going as far as self-styled reform groups hoped.

"There has been resistance to lessening farm subsidies, even when President Bush
proposed it," Veneman noted, adding that cracking down on overpayments "is also
a matter of enforcement."

Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois and Texas accounted for one-third of the
individuals receiving unwarranted subsidies, investigators found.

The new study matched IRS tax return data with payment records for 1.8 million
subsidy recipients, and also zeroed in on specific farm payments in Mississippi
and Louisiana. Of the 2,702 subsidy recipients whose average gross income
exceeded $2.5 million, 427 received potentially improper payments for every year
studied.

The improper recipients included a mix of corporations, partnerships and trusts,
although specific beneficiaries are not named.

Auditors attributed the problem in part to the Agriculture Department failing to
systematically check tax returns on subsidy recipients. Agriculture Department
officials retorted that they currently lack the legal authority to do so.

The 2008 bill changes the $2.5 million income cutoff for subsidy recipients.
Now, subsidies are banned to farmers with off-farm income exceeding $500,000 or
on-farm income exceeding $750,000.

To see more stories from the McClatchy Washington Bureau, go to
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, McClatchy Newspapers
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081125-WA-FARM-SUBSIDIES-20081125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             May 30, 2012 Wednesday

Why do we need to subsidise the rich: Jairam Ramesh

BYLINE: Urmi A Goswami

SECTION: INTERVIEWS

LENGTH: 1324 words


Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh says it is time the government took
tough decisions on pressing issues such as fuel subsidies. In an exclusive
interview to Urmi A Goswami, the minister invokes Isaiah Berlin's reading of
Greek poet Archilochus' fragment on the hedgehog and the fox, arguing that
governance is always about being a fox, or pursuing multiple ideas and
objectives. Excerpts:

Why hasn't the government managed to reduce fuel subsidies?

Somewhere along the line, we abandoned dismantling of the administered price
mechanism, which was begun by the United Front government and completed by Ram
Naik (petroleum minister under the BJP-led NDA regime). The blueprint, as
formulated by the Deve Gowda government, was that diesel and petrol would be
sold at market rates, while kerosene and LPG would be subsidised through the
Budget. It received Cabinet approval under (former prime minister IK) Gujral and
was implemented by the (Atal Bihari) Vajpayee government. Sometime in 2004,
under the UPA I, this policy was set aside - the smooth adjustment of prices was
abandoned in favour of Cabinet approval for increasing prices. That is where we
got boxed in. So, instead of frequent adjustment in paise, we have shock therapy
in rupee.

Since 1997, there has been talk of pruning subsidies but no action...

We finally had the courage to move on petrol, but it only accentuates the
problem with kerosene or diesel. All fuel subsidies are perverse. The annual
subsidy for diesel is nearly Rs. 1,10,000 crore; for kerosene, it is about Rs.
31,000 crore and Rs. 51,000 crore for LPG - taking the total to Rs. 1,90,000
crore. Subsidies are perverse not by themselves but in the incidence, not in
absolute prices but in the relative prices. Subsidies have made diesel
attractive; the share of diesel cars is at 20 per cent to 25 per cent and
growing. It is the upper middle-class that is taking advantage, which is
unjustified. Not touching kerosene has its fallout - 40 per cent of the fuel is
used in adulteration. There have to be rational ways to contain subsidy. We
import 80 per cent of our crude - import parity is the only rational way to look
at pricing. This is a depleting fuel and there are climate change repercussions.
So, from every aspect, it is beneficial to rationalise subsidies to improve
usage.

Are you suggesting differential pricing or special taxes?

There are several options. One suggestion is that of the eight LPG cylinders an
average family needs in a year, four can be at subsidised rates and the rest at
market price. This will result in savings of Rs. 15,000 crore to Rs. 20,000
crore. Another idea is a special tax on diesel cars. I don't see why the
middle-class and the upper middle-class need subsidies. We have to be ruthless
in our approach.

Do you see tax breaks and concessions for industry as different from subsidy?

I favour a rational subsidy regime, targeted at those who need it. I am against
subsidies that favour the rich. Why should we subsidise corporate entities
through concessions? I am opposed to SEZs and to giving them concessions. A
nation in need of public investment cannot afford a burgeoning subsidy bill. As
it is, the rate of growth of subsides is higher than the rate of investment,
particularly in agriculture.



Is the fear of political fallout holding the government back?

These are political decisions. We should not be in the business of fixing
prices. Oil companies should be fixing prices and the government should give
subsidies, which should be upfront from the Budget. Of the three Fs - food, fuel
and fertilizer - the subsidy for fuel is the most perverse. You can still make a
case for food subsidy. And, to some extent, for fertiliser, though it has
encouraged overuse of urea and has had disastrous consequences, affecting soil
quality and impacting yields. But if we have to start attacking subsidies, then
fuel is a good place to begin. It has been postponed for too long.

With an economic crisis looming large, is this a good time for taking such tough
decisions?

There never is a good time for tough decisions. There will always be an election
or something else. You have to pick courage and do it. Governance is about
taking tough, even unpopular, decisions. There will be protests, but we have to
communicate why we are doing it, and do it. We can't look at rahu-ketu and
decide on petrol prices. I hope that a decision on FDI in retail will be taken
soon. Governments can't keep looking over the shoulder or at the constellation
of stars. You have got to do what you have got to do.

Is Congress prepared for a backlash?

Whatever the government will do, the party will back it. The time for
pussyfooting is over. We still have two years left and it is time to take the
bull by its horns. Whatever the reaction, we will face it. We have to.
Leadership is about taking people on a trajectory where they were not going or
didn't want to go. It is not about going where you were already going.

How do you propose to deal with differences over the Land Acquisition,
Rehabilitation and Resettlement Bill?

There will be difference of opinion, but I have to carry the government. In
2007, a different Standing Committee on Rural Development, headed by Kalyan
Singh, discussed an earlier version of the bill. The report of that committee is
at variance with the present committee. Several leaders of the BJP have
expressed discomfort with the standing committee's recommendations. I can't
approach the situation ideologically. India needs investment and the industry
needs land, which needs to be acquired in a time-bound and transparent manner.
Governance is always about meeting multiple objectives. When you are sitting in
this chair, you can't be a hedgehog, you have to be a fox. Governance is all
about being a fox.



How much of a divergence is there with the standing committee?

I substantially agree with 80-85 per cent of its recommendations. It has
suggested greater flexibility for states, which our bill provided for, but it
has suggested more. I substantially agree with its recommendations on land
acquisition processes and procedures in the Schedule V areas, role of gram
sabhas and panchayats, changes and clarity in definitions, and that 16 Acts in
the Constitution's Fourth Schedule should adhere to provisions of the bill. The
differences are over the definition of public purpose and over the government
acquiring land for private companies in certain circumstances.

Why should the government acquire land for private businesses?

Given the imperfections of the land market and asymmetry of information and
power, the government's role in acquiring land is important to protect
landowners and landless who depend on it. The reality of land ownership
patterns, state of land records and access to muscle power for those who want
the land make it necessary for the government to be involved. Maybe 25-30 years
from now, things can change. This bill shouldn't be around for another 117
years; it should be replaced in 20 to 25 years.

The industry has also demanded a wider definition of public purpose...

The standing committee's recommendations on acquisition for private industry and
PPP have made industry see merits in my bill. So, now, (Godrej group chairman)
Adi Godrej has found good things to say about my bill.

Did the standing committee do you a favour?

I guess, you could say that. By the way, I did expect it. As for industry's
objections, I have always said that faster industrialisation and urbanisation is
desirable, but the state cannot abandon its obligations.

Mamata Banerjee will prefer the standing committee's version. So, how will you
get her support?

It's true that the standing committee recommendations are in line with her
thinking. But Mamata Banerjee didn't have any problem with our bill. Besides, I
am in agreement with the committee on giving states more flexibility. So, I
don't foresee Mamata having problems.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday

Loss of COBRA subsidies to put pinch on unemployed: Federal benefit ended
Tuesday; insurance premiums soar

BYLINE: Edward Gately, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 912 words


Dec. 2--Larry Peterson received a rude awakening when his latest monthly COBRA
insurance premium jumped from about $360 to nearly $1,100.

"My first 102 percent premium payment is due Dec. 31," the Chandler resident
said. "That's just to cover two people rather than three because my son has
other benefits as a Native American Indian. I had to reduce it from three people
to two, and, of course, dropped dental and a couple of other pieces just to
maintain the bare minimum."

Peterson, who lost his job in the pharmaceutical industry in January, is among
millions of laid-off workers and dependents nationwide who received federal
subsidies to help pay for COBRA health insurance coverage and lost the benefit
on Tuesday. COBRA provides workers who are either laid off or switch jobs the
right to temporarily continue their health coverage at group rates.

According to a new report by Families USA, many of those people losing the
subsidies may be joining the ranks of the uninsured. The federal COBRA subsidies
were started last March by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Under the
legislation, the subsidies pay 65 percent of the cost of COBRA premiums for nine
months.

Bruce Green, a Chandler resident who lost his job in the semiconductor industry
in mid-June, was at the Goodwill Career Center Tuesday applying for the federal
subsidy because his former employer is no longer paying for his COBRA coverage.

"I'm still unemployed and all of my separation pay is running out, and the
federal program to reduce the cost of that COBRA amount is really looking good
to me," he said. "If I can pay 35 percent of a $240 (monthly premium) for the
next six months or so, I would very much like to do that."

Nationally, the federal subsidies for COBRA coverage average $722 per month.
Without subsidies, premiums for family health coverage will cost laid-off
workers an average of $1,111 per month, 83.4 percent of the average monthly
unemployment insurance check ($1,333), according to Families USA.

Arizona is among nine states in which the average family COBRA premium without
the subsidy, $1,111, exceeds the average monthly unemployment insurance benefit,
$941. The average monthly COBRA premium with the subsidy is $389. "Without the
subsidies, you have to pay 100 percent plus a 2 percent administration charge,
and as a result the cost for somebody who is without a job ... this is simply
unaffordable," said Ron Pollack, Families USA executive director. "People who
started receiving COBRA subsidies in March received the last of those subsidies
in November, and starting Dec. 1, those people ... no longer are eligible for
those subsidies."

Those people who began receiving the subsidies after March will be losing them
in the coming months, he said.

"When the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act was adopted, the Congressional
Budget Office and the Joint Tax Committee estimated that approximately 7 million
adults and dependent children would receive the COBRA subsidy in 2009. We
believe that this will affect several million people right away and will
continue to affect additional people as the months go by," Pollack said. "It
means that anybody who wants to retain COBRA coverage is going to have to pay
for it completely out of pocket. That's roughly over $13,000 in annual premium
costs."

Health care reform legislation would provide continued insurance coverage for
displaced workers at a lower out-of-pocket cost, but it wouldn't take effect
until years from now, he said. In the meantime, legislation is pending in both
the U.S. House and Senate to immediately extend the federal COBRA subsidies
another six months, he said.

"After Dec. 31, anybody who loses their jobs (Jan. 1 and after), they're out in
the cold because the subsidy program will come to an end," Pollack said.
"Undoubtedly, the overwhelming majority of them will become insured because you
simply can't pay something like 83 percent of your unemployment insurance check
for the COBRA and still have a meaningful income available for shelter, food,
clothing and all the other necessities."

Peterson said he plans to seek cheaper insurance coverage for his daughter, and
then he would be the only family member on COBRA.

"Obviously, maintaining the coverage is paramount and whatever I have to do,
I'll do it," he said.

The Maricopa Workforce Connections career center in Gilbert works with many
displaced workers to help them budget whatever income is available to cover
expenses like health insurance, said Joanna Abbott, program supervisor.

"(Losing the subsidies) could make a very drastic difference for folks who
haven't had to cover the whole amount of their COBRA costs in the past," she
said. "That would lead them to other options, and possibly not being able to
access health care insurance. As the subsidy loss starts to hit more and more
people, I imagine it will be a greater issue."

CONTACT WRITER:

(480) 898-6814

or egately@evtrib.com

SEARCHING: Chandler resident Bruce Green works on a computer Tuesday at the
Goodwill job center in Chandler. THOMAS BOGGAN, TRIBUNE

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.eastvalleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091202-MZ-Loss-of-COBRA-subsidies-to-put-pinch-on-unemployed-1202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2009 East Valley Tribune


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Reining In Farm Subsidies

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 325 words


The June 20 front-page article "A Slow Demise on the Delta; U.S. Farm Subsidies
Favor Big Over Small, White Over Black" was heartbreaking.  But the adverse
consequences and distortions of the nation's farm programs are well known.

The current farm subsidy system costs taxpayers an average of $20 billion
annually. However, from 1995 to 2005, the top 10 percent of farm subsidy
recipients collected 73 percent of total subsidies and the top 5 percent
collected 56 percent.

As Congress debates the 2007 farm bill, it has an opportunity to explode the
myth that federal agriculture subsidy programs exist to help poor,
disadvantaged, struggling family farmers. If anything, farm subsidy programs
have accelerated and aggravated the plight of such farmers.

Congress could begin to right such injustices by introducing real free-market
reforms to this archaic system. At the very least, Congress should have the
decency to stop excessive subsidies to the wealthiest few.

LESLIE K. PAIGE

Media Director

Citizens Against Government Waste

Washington

As a taxpayer, and as an African American who was born in Mississippi's Bolivar
County,  I found the June 20 article on U.S. farm subsidies to be  telling.

I was struck by the comment by G. Rives Neblett, a lawyer, businessman and
family farmer, that he was not getting rich on the $3 million that his farms
have received since 2001. If $3 million in subsidies is not helping Mr. Neblett,
the federal government needs to think seriously about doing something else with
its money. Even Rogers Morris, a black man who said he receives $8,000 to $9,000
a year, said the subsidy only helps a little. Obviously these men don't need
their subsidies but are willing to take what is given to them.

The main conclusion that can be drawn is not that there are disparities between
large and small farms or whites and blacks but that farm subsidies don't work.
Congress should take note and save our tax money.

VICTOR N. DAVIS

Burke

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 20, 2008 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

We don't want to subsidize porn

BYLINE: Charles McVety, For the Calgary Herald

SECTION: THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Charles McVety; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 896  words


Opponents of subsidies for pornography face the same arguments given generations
ago by defenders of government assistance for tobacco production. If you opposed
tobacco subsidies, you were against farmers, against agriculture and probably
against any government assistance to weak sectors of the economy.

If you opposed tobacco subsidies then, you must have been religiously motivated
(read "irrational," "unscientific," "medieval") at best. You were a closet
killjoy at worst. After all, for many Canadians, smoking three packs a day was
the main pleasure and recreation they could enjoy, insisted the subsidy
defenders. If tobacco subsidies were stopped, where would it all end?

The domino theory that an end to tobacco subsidies would mean an end to joy and
happiness is now being borrowed by the defenders of subsidies that could be used
to create pornography. If we end subsidies for porn today, we will end subsidies
for culture tomorrow, and perhaps bring an end to joy and happiness the day
after?

These critics will ultimately lose for the same reason that the defenders of
tobacco subsidies ultimately lost. Society got tired of paying the costs of
subsidizing a habit that risked harm to human health, family cohesion, and even
family survivability if the breadwinner(s) were smokers.

Society got tired of paying to cause a problem and then paying a second time in
a sometimes vain attempt to fix it. Not all lung cancer was curable.

As in the case of tobacco, defenders of porn subsidies use a kind of attempted
character assassination in saying that only the religiously minded are against
it. One doesn't have to be religious to recognize inanity.

A Compas poll released this past week shows that three-quarters of Canadians
oppose subsidies for porn films. They can't all be religious and they can't all
be Christian. In fairness, it's possible that a high proportion of Sikhs,
Muslims, Jews and people of no faith oppose such subsidies.

According to the poll, in practice, opposition to such subsidies is especially
strong among women, 30 per cent of whom would ban porn films outright.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians oppose the idea of subsidizing
pornography because they intuitively understand the wastefulness of spending
taxpayers' money in this way instead of on health care, caring for the poor, or
in other productive ways. They understand that pornography has become especially
destructive of human, sexual and family happiness in the Internet era.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians do not want to see the precious resources
that support the arts and culture industry of Canada diverted to a handful of
films that feature an abundance of gratuitous sex and/or violence, including a
few that I would describe as pornographic.

Since the inception of the subsidy program, the tax credit guidelines have
deemed pornographic films not to be an "eligible genre" of production. Once a
film is given a certificate of approval for production, however, the government
currently has no avenue to enforce this or any other regulation after the film
is completed.

Federal Auditor General Sheila Fraser cites this process as one of the least
accountable expenditures of government funds and recommends changes. In her
audit of 2005, Fraser stated that the government can't even be assured it's
funding real expenses. Like the vast majority of Canadians, I believe
unequivocally in free speech and freedom of expression, not censorship. The
apparently offending clause in Bill C-10 only creates the requirement of "the
Minister of Canadian Heritage certifying that the production is a Canadian film
or video production in respect of which the Minister is satisfied that . . . (b)
public financial support of the production would not be contrary to public
policy."

No reasonable person would suggest that the government should fund films that
don't meet the standards the producers undertook to receive a certificate of
approval. This same clause has existed for years in four provinces and no one
has ever called it censorship until now, and productions have increased.

An overwhelming majority of Canadians agree with the unanimous vote of the House
of Commons that this clause is necessary to ensure that taxpayer funds don't go
to pay for the production of pornographic films.

Almost every week I hear of the hardship of my friend's family with their
autistic daughter. Each day the mother has to put on a football helmet and
shoulder pads to go in the room to care for her 18-year-old daughter. Their
family budget has been decimated yet the government cannot find one dollar to
help them or the many thousands of families with autistic children.

Like any other beneficiary of taxpayer support, the film and television industry
should be grateful for the $22 billion it has received for 12,000 productions
over the past 12 years. Surely taxpayers can expect that producers should be
willing to maintain the commitment they make when applying for a tax credit
certificate.

Instead, the free speech of 75 per cent of Canadians is oppressed as we are
vilified, accusations of censorship are levelled, and yet no one can give a good
reason to allow tax dollars to fund pornography, or to fund films focusing on
sex with corpses, or others with memorable names like Young People F---ing and
The Masturbators.

Charles McVety is president of the Canada Family Action Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Final straight for CAP reform

LENGTH: 721  words


If all goes according to plan we are now into the last few weeks of CAP reform
negotiations.

A deal by the end of June or the first few days of July is now almost certain.
This will be followed by months of negotiation at EU and national level over the
implementation details.  Whatever the outcome the bottom line will still be that
something over £30 billion a year will go to agriculture via the CAP.  The EU is
not alone in this.

Every developed country supports agriculture in some form or other - New Zealand
still being the only exception.

The definitive guide to farm subsidies is the OECD annual survey of what each
country pays.  To standardise these, it converts aid to a producer subsidy
equivalent, calculating support as a percentage of gross farm receipts.  This
may not be perfect, but it does give a realistic indication of the scale and
direction of farm subsidies.  The headlines figure is that around the world
countries spent just short of £150 billion supporting agriculture in 2011.  The
cost of support has been falling, not because of any great political drive, but
simply because higher global commodity prices have reduced the need for
governments to get between farmers and markets.

The bad old days of milk lakes and beef mountains and cut-throat transatlantic
subsidy wars to export commodity products at ever cheaper prices are long gone.
The OECD believes the future shape of subsidies has to be different.  It
recognises that things will change as the global demand for food grows.  It
believes some of that £150 billion now being spent on subsidies for production
and exports has to be directed towards innovation to boost productivity - the
goal of so called sustainable intensification which has become agriculture's
latest buzz phrase.

In terms of who gives what it ultimately still comes down to a battle between
the European Union and United States, with everyone minor players. This is
because it is these two agricultural superpowers that have the real potential to
distort global trade.  If they pump in subsidies that encourage production, or
go head to head to battle for markets with export subsidies, they really do have
the potential to distort commercial markets. This has become less of an issue in
recent years, but behind the rhetoric in Brussels and Washington about reducing
trade distorting subsidies they are both like cold war enemies, capable of
mutually assured destruction of each other's agriculture if either decides to
raft up support.

The most recent global average for subsidies was 19 per cent on the OECD league
table.  The low subsidy countries were, predictably, Australia and New Zealand.
At the other extreme are countries like Norway, Switzerland, Korea and Japan
with subsidy levels above 50 per cent.  They have small farming industries and
want to keep them - and are quite happy to pay the price through government
subsidies.  The EU, through the CAP, is still top of the agricultural
superpowers, with a figure of 20 per cent, just a percentage point above the
global average.  In percentage terms the EU is well ahead of the US figure of 9
per cent, but not too far ahead of Canada's 16 per cent.

The US may well feel it has won the moral high ground over Europe, with a lower
percentage of farm incomes arriving in farmers' bank accounts via subsidies.
However the bigger question is which of the two has moved further from trade
distorting subsidies - and this is a less clear cut victory for the US than the
figures suggest.  While the EU has successfully moved away from production
incentives and export refunds these are still the central planks of US policy.
And while Europe has developed concepts such as rural development the US has
done little in this area.

Time and economics will change support more dramatically than politicians ever
could.  We are seeing global agricultural power move into countries like Brazil,
Argentina, and even Mexico - all capable of dominating commodity markets without
the need for subsidies.  Against that background the US and EU will have to find
ways to direct support to farmers in a way that helps deliver goals beyond food
production.  That is already changing the shape of subsidies - arguably more
successfully in Europe than in the US.  The new, post-2014, CAP will be a big
step on that long journey.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                              June 3, 2013 Monday

Final straight for CAP reform

LENGTH: 721  words


If all goes according to plan we are now into the last few weeks of CAP reform
negotiations.

A deal by the end of June or the first few days of July is now almost certain.
This will be followed by months of negotiation at EU and national level over the
implementation details.  Whatever the outcome the bottom line will still be that
something over £30 billion a year will go to agriculture via the CAP.  The EU is
not alone in this.

Every developed country supports agriculture in some form or other - New Zealand
still being the only exception.

The definitive guide to farm subsidies is the OECD annual survey of what each
country pays.  To standardise these, it converts aid to a producer subsidy
equivalent, calculating support as a percentage of gross farm receipts.  This
may not be perfect, but it does give a realistic indication of the scale and
direction of farm subsidies.  The headlines figure is that around the world
countries spent just short of £150 billion supporting agriculture in 2011.  The
cost of support has been falling, not because of any great political drive, but
simply because higher global commodity prices have reduced the need for
governments to get between farmers and markets.

The bad old days of milk lakes and beef mountains and cut-throat transatlantic
subsidy wars to export commodity products at ever cheaper prices are long gone.
The OECD believes the future shape of subsidies has to be different.  It
recognises that things will change as the global demand for food grows.  It
believes some of that £150 billion now being spent on subsidies for production
and exports has to be directed towards innovation to boost productivity - the
goal of so called sustainable intensification which has become agriculture's
latest buzz phrase.

In terms of who gives what it ultimately still comes down to a battle between
the European Union and United States, with everyone minor players. This is
because it is these two agricultural superpowers that have the real potential to
distort global trade.  If they pump in subsidies that encourage production, or
go head to head to battle for markets with export subsidies, they really do have
the potential to distort commercial markets. This has become less of an issue in
recent years, but behind the rhetoric in Brussels and Washington about reducing
trade distorting subsidies they are both like cold war enemies, capable of
mutually assured destruction of each other's agriculture if either decides to
raft up support.

The most recent global average for subsidies was 19 per cent on the OECD league
table.  The low subsidy countries were, predictably, Australia and New Zealand.
At the other extreme are countries like Norway, Switzerland, Korea and Japan
with subsidy levels above 50 per cent.  They have small farming industries and
want to keep them - and are quite happy to pay the price through government
subsidies.  The EU, through the CAP, is still top of the agricultural
superpowers, with a figure of 20 per cent, just a percentage point above the
global average.  In percentage terms the EU is well ahead of the US figure of 9
per cent, but not too far ahead of Canada's 16 per cent.

The US may well feel it has won the moral high ground over Europe, with a lower
percentage of farm incomes arriving in farmers' bank accounts via subsidies.
However the bigger question is which of the two has moved further from trade
distorting subsidies - and this is a less clear cut victory for the US than the
figures suggest.  While the EU has successfully moved away from production
incentives and export refunds these are still the central planks of US policy.
And while Europe has developed concepts such as rural development the US has
done little in this area.

Time and economics will change support more dramatically than politicians ever
could.  We are seeing global agricultural power move into countries like Brazil,
Argentina, and even Mexico - all capable of dominating commodity markets without
the need for subsidies.  Against that background the US and EU will have to find
ways to direct support to farmers in a way that helps deliver goals beyond food
production.  That is already changing the shape of subsidies - arguably more
successfully in Europe than in the US.  The new, post-2014, CAP will be a big
step on that long journey.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                             May 26, 2012 Saturday

Jairam's war on rich man's fuel subsidies

BYLINE: By Mail Today Bureau in New Delhi

LENGTH: 445  words


AS OUTRAGE against petrol price hike poured on to the streets across the
country, rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday took the reformist
line calling for removal of subsidy on petroleum products such as diesel,
kerosene and LPG. Ramesh called the subsidies " misdirected" and argued that
they are meant for the benefit of the rich. He pointed at the 20 per cent
subsidy for diesel, which is guzzled by the SUVs.

" In our country if we combine diesel, kerosene and LPG ` 1, 90,000 crore is the
amount of subsidy given. The budget of the entire rural development and drinking
water ministries in comparison is ` 99,000 crore.

What kind of a country is this?" he asked.

" For development of rural areas ( we spend merely) ` 99,000 crore, but give
such heavy subsidy for diesel SUVs. For defence we spend ` 1,00,080 crore but
give much more as subsidy," Ramesh added replying to a question on petrol hike.

He called for a roadmap to be drawn for phase out of the subsidies.

Ramesh, who pushes for aam aadmi schemes of the UPA government, used a similar
argument to defend the hike in diesel, kerosene and LPG prices.

" Taxes had to be imposed on sale of petrol so that  development work could be
carried out in the country. Where does the tax go? Where does the money come for
NREGA? Where does the money come for Prime Minister's Gramin Sadak Yojana? It
comes from taxes," he said.

After the petrol hike, murmurs have already started for a hike in diesel and LPG
prices to cushion the oil companies that are losing crores because of these
subsidies.

Hitting out at the misdirected subsidies, the outspoken minister said, " There
were many in the country who were getting subsidy benefits without really
needing them. There are many lower and middleincome families which use LPG, but
there are many rich, including myself, who get subsidy on LPG cylinders despite
not needing it. There is a subsidy of ` 503 on every LPG cylinder." From an
economic point of view, Ramesh's arguments are sound and are in line with other
proponents of anti- subsidy economists such as deputy chairman of Planning
Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia and chief economic adviser Kaushik Basu, but
will the UPA government already battling charges of policy paralysis bite the
bullet.

Ramesh suggested a way out.

" Subsidy should only be given to those families which are poor and for whom it
is important I don't say that subsidies should be immediately scrapped. No
government is that insensitive. But a roadmap for the next two three years
should be formed," he said.

' Many lower & middle- income families use LPG, but there are many rich who get
subsidy on cylinders despite not needing it'

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Credit Union Capital: Is the Heft Healthy?;
Counterpoint

                          September 12, 1989, Tuesday

Robert H. Dugger, Chief Economist, American Bankers Association


CREDIT unions are possibly the most heavily subsidized financial institutions in
the United States. They receive five specific federal subsidies:

* A tax subsidy from their federal income tax exemption.

* Operating subsidies from sponsor contributions, which are tax deductible for
the sponsor.

* A return-on-equity subsidy resulting from lenient federal capital enforcment.

* An operating-expense subsidy, which is the result of not being required to
expense premium payments for federal deposit insurance, and instead being
permitted to carry the payments on their books as an asset.

* An operating subsidy, which arises from not being required to meet community
reinvestment and other social obligations required of other depository
institutions.

These subsidies allow credit unions to charge significantly lower loan rates and
pay higher deposit interest rates than other federally insured depository
institutions. Consumer demand for subsidized services has caused credit union
growth over the past decade to far exceed the growth of any other kind of
federally insured depository institution.

The effect of the subsidies on growth has in turn required the traditional
credit union customer-base limitation, the "field of membership" or "common
bond," to be relaxed substantially - to the point that it no longer functions as
a limit to the expansion of the subsidies. And lastly, the imbalance in consumer
demand and deterioration in "field of membership" constraints have resulted in
growth that in many instances has not been accompanied by comparable increases
in credit union capital.

The significance of the subsidies can be expressed in terms of loan interest
rates. The Michigan Credit Union League estimates the federal income tax
exemption subsidy alone is worth 80 basis points - that is, without the tax
exemption, credit unions would have to increase their loan rates about 80 basis
points. Adding to other subsidies would raise the necessary loan rate increase
to a full percentage point or more, according to comparable American Bankers
Association calculations.

The competitive implications of this are clear and substantial - much of the
credit union reputation for "service" is the result of federal subsidies, not
credit union efforts.

Ending the credit union subsidies would result in:

* A more realistic and stable operating environment for credit unions.

* Full-cost pricing for credit union services - credit union members may have to
pay a bit more, but what they pay would reflect the true costs of the services.

* An end to the transfer of wealth to the credit union members from more
numerous nonmember taxpayers.

* More moderate credit union growth.

* And a more financially sound and competitive framework for community banks,
credit unions, and thrifts. If Credit Unions Were Taxed

Would removing the tax exemption hurt credit unions? The answer is no. The tax
exemption and other subsidies are making credit unions overweight. It may take a
while for some credit unions to adjust to operating without the subsidies - but
like dieting, the adjustment would be healthy and necessary.

The public policy questions are these: First, are some Americans subsidizing
others, and if so, is the transfer from one group to the other justified on
equity grounds? Second, are there activity limits on credit unions that justify
the tax subsidies? And, would removing the subsidies endanger the credit union
financial stability?

There are more than 100 million U.S. taxpayers, and less than half are credit
union members. Over half the tax subsidy to credit unions is paid for by
nonmember taxpayers. This could perhaps be justified if credit union members
were lower-income individuals deserving of taxpayer assistance in some form. The
evidence from surveys done by credit unions themselves, however, shows that
credit union members are not, as a whole, disadvantaged - they are predominantly
employed, educated, home-owning, middle-income people. Thus, it is hard to
justify noncredit union members subsidizing credit union members.

Credit unions are no longer limited to a few basic financial services. They can
and do offer a full range of banking services. They even offer some services
banks cannot, including insurance. Directly or through subsidiary service
companies, credit unions can offer the services generally associated with banks,
thrifts, consumer finance companies, insurance companies, brokerage firms, and
financial planning consultants.

And credit unions are no longer limited with respect to services or customers.
The reasons that caused Congress over 30 years ago to withdraw the tax exemption
from mutual insurance companies and thrifts apply to credit unions today.
Members of Congress need to weigh the equity issues, not the mountains of mail
from credit union officials, and balance the needs of all their constituents in
the interests of long term financial system health.
The American Banker

SECTION: CREDIT UNIONS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 834 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Robert Dugger

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 June 03, 2014

We Are Making the Rich Richer, the Poor to Subsidise the Rich - Diete Spiff

BYLINE: Henry Umoru, Joseph Erunke and Levinus Nwabughiogu

LENGTH: 2593 words


ABUJA- DELEGATES at the on- going National Conference were sharply divided over
the total removal of subsidy on Petroleum Products as recommended by the Senator
Adamu Aliero led Committee on Public Finance and Revenue.

Meanwhile, the Committee has also recommended on or before September 30 th as
time frame for the presentation of the annual budget to the National Assembly
preceding the budget year; while the passage and presidential assent must be
completed on or before December 31.

At resumed plenary yesterday during debates on the recommendations of the
Committee, while some delegates supported the removal of subsidy, some disagreed
with the recommendation, just as some delegates proposed to the federal
government to improve on the technology being used by operators of illegal
refineries in the Niger Delta to boost oil production since there were no
functional refineries by the government that would satisfy the yearnings and
desires of the people.

The Committee in its report noted that subsidy on petroleum products was an
avoidable major financial burden the nation has been made to bear and stressed
that between 2006 and 2007, subsidy accounted to 30% of government expenditure
which translated to 118% of capital budget and 4.18% of the Gross Domestic
Product, adding that subsidy payment of N2.527 trillion in 2012 and 2013
averaged N1.263 trillion per annum and described it as "a burden too heavy for
the nation and its populace.

Meanwhile, the National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party, Alhaji Adamu
Muazu, a delegate on the platform of Elder Statesmen Category was yesterday
replaced by Mallam Ado Yakubu Manka.

According to the Aliero's Committee the situation at the moment was anomalous
and has been encouraging smuggling, even as it explained that government
resources which ought to have been channeled into more developmental projects
were being spent on subsidy, adding, "subsidy removal will most certainly ensure
product availability at all times and significantly mitigate illicit
cross-border activities."

It was the Committee's position that the poor and the rural dwellers to whom the
subsidy scheme was initially targeted were not reaping the benefits; and that
removal of subsidy would encourage investments in refineries and the downstream
sector generally.

In his contribution, a delegate Professor Anya O. Anya who noted that it was
unfortunate that the argument has been reduced to "I support subsidy or I oppose
subsidy," however described such arguments as "over-simplification of a more
complex issue."

Anya who suggested that those boys in the Niger Delta who operate illegal
refineries must be encouraged by the Federal government by providing them modern
equipment to enable them improve on their businesses as that will solve the
problem of fuel scarcity in the country, adding that Nigeria must come up with a
road-map in the area of having the crude oil refined in Nigeria.

Professor Anya who demanded that delegates should come up with "a comprehensive
national plan for the withdrawal of subsidy, such that people will not suffer at
the end, however suggested a phased withdrawal that should follow a
comprehensive overhaul of the system with the requisite infrastructure in place
such that would make the subsidy issue completely irrelevant and unnecessary.

Also in his contribution, a delegate. Representing the Organised Private Sector,
NACCIMA, Bassey Edem also suggested that the way out of the problem was for the
government to embrace these youths in the Niger Delta, improve on their
equipment to engage in full refinery business and help refine our crude since
they already have the know how and that would create jobs for them.

In his contribution, Senator Mimibariya Amange who urged the federal government
to work with these boys who engage in illegal refineries, stressed that if
encouraged through the provision of modern equipment, there will be no pipeline
vandalisation, even as he decried the arrest and detention of boys in the Niger
Delta creeks because they were refining crude oil through modular processes,
adding, "Our boys in the creeks have invented how to refine oil and I think
government should cooperate with them so as to upgrade their technology. These
boys are not the people stealing the crude oil, we know them, they are the big
men, leave these boys alone, protect them, modernise these refineries these boys
have. "

Also speaking, King Alfred Diete-Spiff from Bayela State while lamenting the
level of corruption in the country, spoke in support of the removal of the
subsidy and warned that if care was not taken, Nigeria would soon become one of
the most corruption nations in the world, adding, "We are making the rich richer
and comfortable and making the poor to subsidize the rich. The masses don't even
have cars. The truth is that we don't take far reaching decision you will see
that we will regret it. We must be careful. If we are not careful Nigeria will
become the worst corrupt country in the whole world. Subsidy should be removed.
How many Governors are here, this is the time to make up the managing and
damaging that has happened in the past."

For Orok Etuk Duke who expressed support for the removal of subsidy, expressed
the concerns of his people who are not getting the product at its recommended
price, even as he alleged that some persons were paid N5 billion to protest in
Lagos, adding, "If you are removing subsidy let us also remove the monopoly from
the importation of kerosine and liberalize it for all to participate,"

Also contributiing, a delegate and former Chairman of the Punch, Chief Ajibola
Ogunshola who noted that the real problem about Fuel Subsidy was the fact
Nigerians find it difficult to trust their governments that they will embezzle
their money, was however quick to add that his observation had nothing to do
with the present government.

According to him, Nigerians don't have hope that government would utilize the
money to be realized from the subsidy removal to their advantage, adding, "We
don't trust our governments. I'm not talking about the present government. We
don't trust that the government would utilize the money well."

In his contribution, a delegate representing the Peoples Democratic Party, PDP
and former National Chairman of the party, Dr. Ahmadu Ali who urged the
government to unravel the revenue being withheld by the Nigeria National
Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, said that the removal of fuel subsidy should be
done gradually and not at once, adding that the NNPC does not take instructions
from the Presidency hence no results.

For a federal government delegate, Chief Mike Ozekhome, SAN who opposed to the
recommendations of the committee that the fuel subsidy should be removed, said:
"I have always argued in the last 25 years when we were still selling a litre of
fuel for about 25 kobo, that we cannot about removing of subsidy from a product
that you own. God has given us oil in his infinite wisdom and surprising we are
exploiting this oil in the form of crude and export the crude and buy the
refined product back to Nigeria. It is one of the greatest ironies that I have
to confront with in this country. Does a farmer subsidise a pieace of yam he
wants to eat in his family? Do you begin to take a knife and begin to measure
and say for me to eat this, I must find out how much it sold in the Utako market
or at Ogbete Market in Enugu, before I can allow my family to eat it.

"We do not subsidise our own product. I think it is high time we drop this issue
of fuel subsidy because it encourages our elites who have held us by the jugular
vein to continue to exploit the common man. I do not agree that there should be
removal of any fuel subsidy".

Dr Mrs Hanatu Ibraham,supported the recommendation for removal of fuel subsidy,
saying the interests of the poor masses should be taken at heart.She, however
added that the fuel subsidy be rather subsidized, noting that such development
would discourage young children who have stopped schooling to trade on fuel in
jericans.

She charged the conference to place responsibilities on all delegates to
read,understand and educate their communities on the Physical Responsibily Act
so that they can monitor developmental and economic issues that affect them,
adding that the Physical Responsibility Act be removed from the constitution,
saying that most people, especially those in the rural communities do not
understand the constitution.

Hon. Salvodor Moshood, a delegate from Lagos State commended the recommendations
of the Committee on Public Finance and said sharing of the nation's resources be
fairly shared.

Prof. Olabisi Aina,kicked against removal of subsidy.

Dr Isaach Osuoka, a delegate from the Civil Society: We are not talking about
subsidy here,we are talking about the Nigerian state regulating energy
products.We are talking about a situation where the people that produce are
lacking the products.It is not just about the rich, the fuel susidy should
stay,what we need to address,Mr Chairman is corruption, the looting of public in
every aspect national life.It has been observed that over 80 percent of public
funds have been looted by officials and those that connive. No country can make
progress under this situation.Those that loot our resources are not hiding, they
display everywhere-in the mansions that they build,in the cars that they
drive.We cannot make progress in this country if we don't identify the need to
recover public funds held by a few persons. For this, I suggest that this
conference should recommend that a law be enacted kwown as the Ill Goten Wealth
Act and under this law,there shall introduce a new radical criminal
jurisprudence that will reverse onus of proof.In this case,if any ex official or
serving officials of government,whether civil servant or 'legislootors' build
any house that is deemed to be more expensive beyond what they can reasonably
reach and legitimately earn,then they consfiscate it until they themselves are
able to prove their innocence.

Sergeant Awuse who supported the removal of fuel subsidy, stressed that the
conference must be seen to be protecting the interests of majority of Nigerians

Opposing the move, a Labour delegate, Isah Aremu said when compared with other
oil producing countries, Nigerians pays outrageous prices on fuel, adding that
the issue of proposal for subsidy removal should be dropped from the report of
the conference.

Another delegate representing the Speakers forum, Hon. Anayo Nnebe urged
delegates to rise up and write their names in gold by supporting the removal of
petroleum subsidy for the reason that it was not in the interest of Nigerian
masses.

Mr. Atedo Peterside who suggested that rather than total subsidy removal,
Nigeria could to alter the way it applies the fuel subsidy by identifying every
Nigerian and then applying the subsidy in such a manner that the actual targets
of the subsidy would be reached, adding that what was happening now is that the
government is subsidizing mainly the rich and the multinational companies with
several fleets of cars tomthe detriment of the poor and needy.

The Committee also recommended that in order to enhance accountability,
transparency and avoid mistrust between the three tiers of government, it has
become absolutely necessary to have Accountant Generals of the Federation and
that of the Federal Government and that Accountant General of the Federation
would thereafter, manage the accounts of the federation while Accountant General
of the Federal Government would handle the finances of the Federal Government.

It was observed by the Committee that in the 1970s, budgetary allocations, up to
70%, were always in favour of capital expenditure; a situation it said enhanced
economic development; but that the situation has since changed, adding that in
the last 10 years, it said approximately 73% of the annual budgets have been
devoted to recurrent expenditure leaving a mere 27% for capital.

The committee remarked: "The present budget mix is unacceptable as no economy
can grow with such a paltry allocation for capital and still be expected to
provide vital infrastructure and social amenities for the populace."

It also frowned at situations where budgets are submitted to the National
Assembly and thereafter, the crude oil benchmark is subjected to upward reviews,
thereby increasing the size of the budget, adding, "it is the prerogative of the
Executive branch to propose the annual budget and to determine crude oil
benchmark."

The Committee therefore recommended that the country maintains a budget mix of
at least 60% capital expenditure and 40% recurrent expenditure to leave
substantial fund to address infrastructural gap, provide jobs and promote
general economic growth and development.J

It urged that the time frame for the presentation of the annual budget to the
National Assembly should be on or before September 30th preceding the budget
year; while the passage and presidential assent must be completed on or before
December 31.

It was also the opinion of the Committee that the Fiscal Responsibility Act of
2007 which deals on budget issues be enshrined in the 1999 Constitution and all
the controls and sanctions therein adhered to.

On solid minerals, the Committee provided a comprehensive list of essential
solid minerals found in states of the federation explaining that these can be a
veritable source for diversification of the country's non-oil revenue base and
that when fully tapped, the revenue profile would change from oil dominance.

Under the Sovereign Wealth Fund (SWF), the Committee recommended that a minimum
of 50% of all funds in excess crude account be transferred to the SWF while the
balance should be used to augment where necessary, certain shortfalls in the
FAAC in the short term.

To make it more effective with a higher legal backing, it was the recommendation
of the committee that the SWF be enshrined in the 1999 Constitution.

In order to stop the on-going revenue losses due to oil and gas pipeline
leakages and theft, the Committee urged that commensurate security be deployed
to these areas to deter, detect, apprehend and prosecute perpetrators of the
crime.

Besides deployment of security personnel, Committee members said there was need
for acquisition and deployment of appropriate technology to check fuel and
pipeline vandalism, even as it demanded of government to provide opportunities
for young people to be involved in the oil and gas activities as this would
engender gainful employment for youths.

While calling for the passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill, it emphasized the
need for intelligence gathering and processing in tracking movement of ocean
bound vessels coming in and going out of Nigeria and urged the government to
consider the involvement of private companies in the management and replacement
of oil pipelines, some of which it said are over 50 years old.

It was the position of the Committee that as things stand now, Nigeria's
external debt ration is below the international benchmark of 40%; and that this
has created room for further external borrowings.

It said back home, instead of the stated position helping in the growth of the
economy, domestic debt profile, especially debt owed local contractors, unpaid
salaries of public servants, pensions and gratuities have contributed to hamper
the growth.

It recommended that while there was room for borrowing, such external borrowing
must be tied to designated projects which must be efficiently and prudently
implemented to reduce pressure on lendable funds.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

'Agri subsidies in India three times higher than Pakistan'

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Agriculture subsidies in India are almost three times higher than in Pakistan,
according to a study conducted by the United States. According to the study
conducted by senior economists about the state of affairs of agriculture sectors
of India and Pakistan, India gave subsidies worth $53 billion to the agriculture
sector in 2008-09, while Pakistan provided subsidies of $2.676 billion. In
India, subsidies are 5.2 percent of the gross national product (GNP), while in
Pakistan subsidies are just 1.2 percent of GNP.



Referring to the data compiled by the WTO Trade Policy Review, it is assessed in
a study conducted under the aegis of US Agency for International Development
(USAID) that agriculture subsidy has been calculated at 15.3 percent of the
value of production. In Pakistan, subsidies are 4.9 percent of value of
production. Subsidies as of value-added in agriculture stood at 23 percent in
India, while in Pakistan, subsidies are just 6.2 percent of the value-added in
agriculture.

The contents of the report were also explained to the highups of the ministry of
commerce in a presentation on potential impact, level playing field and policy
options of Pakistan- India trade liberalisation last week. The trade
negotiations between India and Pakistan gained momentum last year. However,
recent tension on borders has led to dampening such activities.

Nevertheless, as a strategic initiative, the two countries have been working
jointly for increasing trade between them. Agriculture subsidies to Indian
farmers, on the other hand, have been the source of concern for the farming
community of Pakistan. Local farmers believe that the cost of production of
Indian farmers is considerably less as compared to them.

Meanwhile, according to a report prepared by the United States International
Trade Commission in 2011, agricultural trade policy in India is part of a larger
food and agriculture policy regime that seeks to maintain food self-sufficiency,
while providing income support to the agricultural sector and poor consumers.
The government of India uses a variety of policy instruments in attempting to
achieve these goals, including domestic subsidies to inputs, output,
transportations, storage and consumption to reduce producers cost and consumer
prices. Other policy instruments are aimed at measures such as subsidies,
tariff, quotas, and nontariff measures to protect domestic producers from import
competition, manage domestic price level and guarantee domestic supply, it said.


As per the assessment of USITC, inputs subsidies are the most expensive aspect
of India's food and agriculture policy regime, requiring a steadily larger
budget share. Such quantum of subsidies results in effective financial support
to the farmers of 40 to 75 percent for fertiliser and 70 to 90 percent for
irrigation and electricity. India's agricultural sector is more dependent on
input subsidies than that of the other large emerging economies. In calendar
year 2007, India's input subsidies were equal to 9.6 percent of the value of its
total agricultural output as compared to less than five percent for China,
Brazil and Russia, it said.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Senators Divided Over Subsidy Removal

BYLINE: Henry Umoru& Inalegwu Shaibu

LENGTH: 1030 words

DATELINE: Abuja


Senators were, yesterday, divided over plans by President Goodluck Jonathan to
remove subsidies from petroleum products in January 2012.

The division came to the fore during the consideration of the 2012-2015 Medium
Term Fiscal Frameworks (MTFF) sent to the National Assembly by President
Jonathan, even as the Senate plans to extend the 2011 budget to March, 2012.

Senate President, David Mark who presided over the session decried the high cost
of running the executive arm of government even as the senators faulted the
revenue projection of government in the MTFF.

While some of the senators believed fuel subsidy removal will trigger
development and national growth, others contended that subsidy removal will
compound the economic woes of the masses.

Some of them urged government to be cautious in its approach to removal of
subsidy, while others held the view that government cannot continue to fund
subsidies in the oil sector that does not have direct benefit on the masses.

But the senators were, however, unanimous in commending the Federal Government
for its foresight in developing a long term fiscal development strategy for the
nation.

Senator Emmanuel Paulker, PDP, Bayelsa Central, lauded government plans to
deregulate the downstream oil sector.

He said: "Deregulation is a very good policy as far as I am concerned. If one
quarter of budgetary provision is going to one sector and we are not seeing the
benefits, then it is not good enough. It is my view that government cannot
continue to spend resources for Nigerians to get fuel at N65 per liter to the
detriment of the poor."

Senator Hope Uzodinma, PDP Imo West, who was in support of fuel subsidy removal
called for prudent management of the resources upon the eventual removal of oil
subsidy.

According to him: "The planned removal of fuel subsidy in 2012 is part of the
fiscal strategy. The plan envisages that this will free up about N1.2 trillion
in savings in 2012 alone. Emphasis should be placed on core areas of national
needs especially on security and agriculture."

But speaking against removal of fuel subsidy, Senators Dahiru Awaisu Kuta, PDP,
Niger East and Babayo Gamawa, PDP, Bauchi North both said government has lost
sense of direction in the management of the nation's economy.

Kuta in his argument against subsidy removal said: "Unfortunately for us, we do
not know where we are and it is difficult for us to know where we are going. We
pumped a lot of money into the power sector without any result. Everything is
geared towards removal of subsidy. I appeal to government to please look at this
approach again. If they have to remove subsidy, let it be gradual. It will be
too negative, too sudden and our masses will suffer."

Gamawa in his contribution said: "One of the major components of the policy of
physical consolidation is government's intent to phase out subsidy beginning
from 2012. And this subsidy removal, Nigerians are still very unclear on how it
is going to impact on their lives so we need to be very cautious.

"My colleagues will agree with me that right now we have problems all over in
every sector, health, education roads, security things are not right. We have
these problems especially this issue of subsidy; enlighten our electorate on how
subsidy removal will impact on their lives. I am not in support of subsidy
removal anyway until we are satisfied on how it will impact on the lives of
Nigerians."

Senator Sani Stores, CPC, Katsina kicking against subsidy removal said: "I am
surprised that people are saying this is a good document. When you are planning,
you need to plan 10, 15, 20 100 years ahead, this is just two years or three
years from 2012-2015. That is a short term fiscal policy. If we recall, the
price of oil used to be nine dollars per barrel; as of today, it is over 100
dollars per barrel.

"The budget is set between $70 per barrel to $75; there is an excess of over 25
per cent per barrel. We produce over 2.5 million barrels a day. Where is that
excess money? Before our late president died there was over $20 billion in our
foreign reserve, where has that $20 billion gone to? It would have been used to
cushion everything we need without the removal of fuel subsidy. In my opinion,
failing to plan is planning to fail; we have four refineries none of them is
working."

Senator Mark while ruling on the debate dismissed misgivings about the MTFF,
noting that it is just mere government intentions for the four year period.

Senator Mark also said the MTFF is a good replacement for the yearly budgetary
process which has failed in terms of development and transforming the economy.

His words: "I will like to sum up by saying that I think the paper is just a
framework at this stage and for all intents and purposes the figures are
preliminary figures; they are not fixed. There is no doubt that a paper of this
nature will not capture everything, there will be omissions and by going to the
committees, the essence is for the committee to take a better look at the
details of the paper that has been submitted to us.

"It is based on the four year rolling plan or budgetary plan. I think we are
agreed that this yearly budgeting system has not worked, if we have a rolling
plan it is easier for us to see at a glance what we are looking at for the next
four years.

"However, even as a person, I am a bit worried that the capital increase is just
per N170billion from 2011 to 2012. How will a mere increase of N170 billion
really be a projection. So, when the paper gets to the joint committees, I think
these are the areas they may want to look at.

"The Federal bureaucracy obviously is over bloated, how has it been captured?
What have we done in this paper to ensure that this over bloated Federal
bureaucracy is not continued? In fact, we should make every effort to reduce the
federal bureaucracy.

At the moment we simply cannot sustain it. It is not only over bloated it has
got a very high consumption rate and national consumption rate too. These are
some of the areas that when we refer them to the committee, the committee will
have to look at properly."

Meanwhile the Senate also referred the ambassadorial screening to the committee
on foreign affairs.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            January 17, 2017 Tuesday

Fertilizer importers seek payment of Rs 5 billion DAP subsidy

BYLINE: RIZWAN BHATTI

SECTION: Vol. 53 No. 17

LENGTH: 646  words


Fertilizer importers have approached the Prime Minister for immediate payment of
pending DAP subsidy claims of over Rs 5 billion to continue the scheme. They
said that fertilizer importers are facing financial difficulties due to delay in
payment of billions of rupees subsidy for the last four months and unable to
further participate in DAP subsidy scheme.

In a letter to Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Fertilizer Importers Council (FIC)
has raised the DAP subsidy payment issue. According to the letter, fertilizer
importers have done their best to wholeheartedly participate in the subsidy
scheme and assist the government in its objective by selling imported DAP
fertilizer at subsidized prices at their entire risk and cost in the hope of
being refunded the subsidy by the government within 15 days as envisaged under
various notifications.

However, for reasons unknown and unexplained, the Ministry of NFS and R is
delaying the forwarding of claims to the SBP for payment in clear violation of
the subsidy notifications mentioned below which has put all the importers in a
position that we cannot further fund the subsidy for the government and may not
be able to continue business, the letter said.

According to FIC, the government has announced a subsidy of Rs 300 per bag on
DAP and as per procedure subsidy claims will be sent by the Ministry of National
Food Security and Research (NFS and R) to the State Bank of Pakistan (SBP) for
payment immediately upon receipt from the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) and it
is the government's commitment that the subsidy claims will be paid within 15
days of receipt.

September 2016 claims were received by the Ministry of NFS and R in the 1st week
of November 2016 from the FBR. These are still with Ministry of NFS and R after
more than two months and not forwarded to the SBP for payment.

In addition, October claims were received by the Ministry of NFS and R in the
1st week of December 2016 from FBR. These are still with Ministry of NFS and R
after more than a month and also not forwarded to the SBP.

Similarly, November claims have also been received by the Ministry of NFS and R
and are yet to be forwarded to the SBP. December claims are still pending with
the FBR and not yet forwarded to Ministry of NFS and R.

The FIC said as of January 14, 2017, subsidy claims of around Rs 5.1 billion are
pending payment to importing companies for all imported DAP sales from September
to December 2017. "These huge pending amounts are not allowing us to contribute
to the subsidy scheme anymore. Starting January 13th we are not in a position to
participate under the existing DAP subsidy scheme anymore," it added.

Fertilizer importers have proposed to the government to devise a DAP subsidy
scheme where fresh DAP subsidy can be given directly to farmers instead of
through importing companies.

Out of the 2.2 million tons of DAP offtakes in calendar year 2016, around 64
percent was supplied to farmers through imports. The importers have
wholeheartedly supported the government's objective by ensuring availability of
DAP fertilizer at subsidized prices.

"However, our subsidy claims are delayed in clear violation of the government's
own notifications and process. We are under severe financial stress. Our banks
are now blocking our financing lines which will not allowing us to import DAP
for the Kharif season. This will result in a shortage of DAP in the Kharif
season," the FIC said.

Fertilizer importers requested the Prime Minister to urgently intervene and
order payment of subsidy claims for September, October, November and December to
the importing companies.

They said that farmer-friendly policies that have not only helped farmers to
obtain subsidized fertilizer but also increased the consumption of fertilizer
that will raise the farm productivity in coming years and usher in an era of
prosperity in rural Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 10, 1990, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BUSH ATTACKS FARM SUBSIDIES PAYMENTS BRING RISK OF TRADE WAR, HE WARNS EUROPE

BYLINE: Lawrence M. O'Rourke Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1947 words


HOUSTON - President George Bush opened the annual economic summit meeting Monday
by warning of the risk of an international trade war if Europe refuses to reduce
its farm subsidies.  R With the leaders of the seven wealthiest industrialized
democracies gathered in Houston, Bush said he was prepared to fight for cuts in
U.S.  government aid to farmers and to take the political criticism. He urged
the other government leaders from Japan, West Germany, Canada, Italy, Britain
and France to do the same.  m In a direct challenge to Europe, Bush insisted
that the nations of the Common Market, including West Germany, France and Italy,
must phase out their $10 billion annual export subsidies over the next five
years.  Several of the European leaders told Bush that his demand could not be
met, that European politics would not allow it. A Japanese official said the
farm discussion between Bush and the Europeans was ''heated.'' White House
spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said Bush had asked for a ''strong'' statement on
farm subsidies and trade talks.  But ''divergent views'' surfaced at the
meeting, Fitzwater said. ''There is not unanimity of opinion at this point,'' he
said, ''but it's moving in a good direction.'' The dispute over farm subsidies -
along with differences on aid to the Soviet Union and China, how to protect the
environment and ways to help poor nations deal with their staggering debt -
increased the risk that the meeting in Houston may reveal more disunity than
unity among the major industrialized democracies. Bush told other participants
that Western farm subsidies hurt the world's poorest nations.  U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Clayton K. Yeutter said Europe had so far insisted on at least ''a
thousand years'' before ending farm subsidies.  Yeutter said the United States
wanted to stop its $500 million annual export subsidy as quickly as possible,
but he indicated that the U.S. subsidy will remain until Europe acts.  Bush told
his fellow leaders that their refusal to make progress toward cutting
farm-export subsidies would prevent completion of the current round of
international trade negotiations, scheduled for completion in December.  Yeutter
said Bush had promised that the United States would put all ''trade-distorting''
measures on the negotiating table.  U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills said
that farm subsidies were the ''linchpin'' of trade talks. She said Bush hoped
the meeting in Houston would make Europeans aware that the subsidies that go to
their farmers cost Europeans hundreds of thousands of jobs and raise food
prices.  Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu said that his country was willing
to reduce the special advantages, including subsidies, it extended to its rice
farmers, but not until the Europeans agree to cut back subsidies to their
farmers. Kaifu said he supported Bush's position that Europe cease its
farm-export subsidies.  Bush's insistence that the Europeans end the $10 billion
in export subsidies through its Common Agricultural Program amounted to a
concession by the president that the U.S. goal of a total end to all farm
supports could not be forwarded in Houston.  White House Chief of Staff John H.
Sununu declined to say if Bush had abandoned that goal, which was a favorite
point raised at summit meetings by former President Ronald Reagan.  In a news
conference arranged by U.S. officials, former U.S. Trade Representative William
E. Brock predicted that failure in the international trade talks might lead to a
stock market crash, higher interest rates, pressure in Congress for
protectionism and ''the flowering of nationalism.'' Dean Kleckner, president of
the American Farm Bureau, said the number of Americans engaged in farming would
continue to drop if the subsidies were eliminated.  He said that U.S. farmers
benefited from U.S. farm subsidies, just as European farmers do. ''We in the
United States do our share,'' Kleckner said at the news conference.  The
confrontation over farm subsidies and trade was the first of several divisive
issues to surface at what Bush described as the first summit meeting of the
''post-postwar era.'' Standing in the quadrangle of Rice University on a hot,
muggy afternoon, Bush told his fellow leaders: ''We're called upon as allies and
as friends to work toward decisions here in Houston that will bring a new
stability and prosperity to the world by tapping the power and energy of free
wills and free markets.'' Bush and his guests stood on a platform vented so that
cold air could be pumped on the leaders.  Aid To Soviets One issue testing the
unity of the leaders was a proposal to give up to $15 billion in money and
credit to the Soviet Union.  West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, French
President Francois Mitterrand, Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and
Italian Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti favor offering Gorbachev either money or
credit for the Soviet Union to buy abroad the equipment it needs to improve its
economy.  A spokesman for the French government said Mitterrand had told Bush
that direct aid to the Soviet Union was ''urgently needed and justifiable.''
''If we don't decide now to help the Soviet Union there is a risk that there
will be no progress, no further reform,'' the spokesman quoted Mitterand as
saying.  But on the other side, Britain's Margaret Thatcher said, ''We must not
put ourselves in the position . . . of propping up regimes that have only
half-changed so we make it easier for them to avoid the full rigors of change.''
Japan supports that view, whereas Canada is willing to extend commercial credit
but not cash.  Sununu said Bush was steadfast in his refusal to send any U.S.
money to the Soviet Union until that nation makes additional economic changes,
halts aid to Cuba and stops expensive modernization of its armed forces.  But
Sununu offered the first possibility of a compromise by Bush that could allow
the seven summit leaders to issue a common communique on the subject of Soviet
aid.  Noting that the administration supported technical assistance to the
Soviet Union, Sununu said the definition of technical assistance could be
interpreted in several ways. Bush has already promised Soviet President Mikhail
S.  Gorbachev that the United States was willing to give the Soviet Union
information on how to set up a private banking system.  Sununu said the United
States would like the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund to study
the Soviet economy and assess its needs.  Environment On the environment, Sununu
said that Bush anticipated that European leaders would press the United States
to agree on targets and a timetable to reduce global warming by reducing air
pollution. The president will refuse, pointing out the need to maintain a
balance between environmental protection and ''economic vitality,'' Sununu said.
He said that 96 percent of the emissions that cause global warming come from
natural sources. In a statement distributed at the summit meeting's press
headquarters, Michael Fischer, president of the Sierra Club, said Sununu had
made ''a gross distortion of scientific fact.'' Fitzwater said Bush had told the
leaders at the opening session that preservation of forests and global
protection should be endorsed at the meeting in Houston.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO (COLOR)...AP...President George Bush, flanked by visiting
world leaders, walking through the Rice University campus in Houston on Monday
as they head for the first session of the economic summit meeting. Bush is host
for the meetings. PHOTO...AP...President George Bush thanking country singers
Charlie Pride (left) after Pride and Bill Monroe performed Sunday at a
Texas-style rodeo for visiting world leaders in Houston.

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            December 25, 2011 Sunday

Subsidy Removal - A Means to an End? [opinion]

BYLINE: Juliet Alohan

LENGTH: 1145 words


The removal of fuel subsidy is the moment at the front burner in national
discourse, with many berating the government for contemplating such an idea. But
could it possibly be a means to an end?

writes.

Despite criticisms against the federal government for its planned withdrawal of
fuel subsidy, it has continued its campaign aimed at convincing Nigerians on why
subsidy should be withdrawn.

Although government has been unable to convince Nigerians on why subsidy, which
is perceived as a benefit of the common man should be removed, the big question
however, are, who benefits most from this subsidy? Could it be a means to an
end? And can the government be trusted with the gains from subsidy when
eventually withdrawn?

Government functionaries at various fora have reiterated the need for subsidy
withdrawal, arguing that it benefits only a few Nigerians who are getting richer
by the day at the expense of others.

According to the Minister of Petroleum Resources, Mrs. Diezani Alison-Madueke,
while addressing an international press conference recently in Doha, Qatar, fuel
subsidy has only been benefiting the rich and making them richer. She stressed
that its removal would be in favour of the poor as the money saved would be
channeled to the development of major infrastructure.

"As a matter of fact, if you look at it critically PMS (fuel) is subsidising the
middle class and the rich. It is the rich in Nigeria that have up to six cars
and above, not the ordinary man and woman, they (the rich) are the ones who are
enjoying the sudsidy on PMS," the minister said.

Explaining further she added, "at this time it is the thinking of government
that Nigerians have not benefited from the subsidy put in place to benefit the
ordinary man and woman on the street for a number of reasons and government
would rather see some very aggressive policies put in place that would cut
across all strata and impact on every Nigerian no matter their level in an
immediate and obvious manner."

She said gains from subsidy would be used to address infrastructural projects
like critical irrigation and water project desperately needed by the farming
sector and individuals, critical areas of health as well as education and urban
mass transportation, which she noted, is delivered on the back of diesel and not
PMS, amongst others.

Also, the Minister of Information, Mr. Labaran Maku, has informed that subsidy
removal will result in value addition to various sectors of the economy, which
would be opened up. He said government would utilise its share of the resources
from the subsidy to implement a combination of programmes that would stimulate
the economy and alleviate poverty.

Maku maintained that the potential impact of the discontinuation of the subsidy
regime on the poor could be mitigated through properly targeted safety net
programmes.

According to him, "the federal government is desirous of discontinuing subsidies
on prices of petroleum product because this poses a huge financial burden on the
government. It disproportionally benefits the wealthy, whereas the poor masses
who are supposed to benefit from the subsidy hardly get to enjoy it.

He also informed that high price disparity has encouraged smuggling of petroleum
products across the borders to neighbouring countries, where prices are much
higher. "Nigeria therefore, ends up subsidising consumption of petroleum
products in neighbouring countries," he said.

Meanwhile, analysts have posited that unless subsidy is removed to encourage
private investors to build more refineries and crash down fuel price in the
country, Nigeria's pump price of fuel will remain one of the highest among the
Organistaion of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) member nations, even at N65
per litre,

Unfortunately, governments intensions is being doubted by Nigerians who have
become skeptical about the issue since it has become a ritual for governments to
make promises without fulfilling them. Past administrations have made numerous
promises which never left the drawing board.

The apprehension of Nigerians is against the background of belief that rather
than making more resources available for developmental projects, removal of
subsidy would make more money available for some corrupt government officials to
steal and earn alarming allowances.

Regrettably, this was further heightened by the manner in which the governors'
forum hinged their demand for the removal of subsidy on their desire to have a
larger portion of the revenue shared monthly by the federal, state and local
governments, even as they capitalised on the need to implement the minimum wage
act to demand for the removal of fuel subsidy.

No doubt, fuel price would skyrocket following subsidy removal, but if urgent
steps are taken to boost local refining capacity, and make the country
less-dependent on importation of fuel, the price would go down in no distant
time.

With over 36 billion barrels of crude oil reserves and average daily production
of 2.6million barrels per day, Nigeria is the seventh exporter of crude oil,
with 10th largest reserves in the world, but remains the only country among OPEC
that imports refined petroleum products.

Since the country imports fuel, the price of products in Nigeria is a reflection
of international oil prices, instead of a reflection of the cost of local
refining.

However, if the assurance by the petroleum minister recently in Doha is anything
to go by, government was already putting in place structures that would see to
the increase of local refining capacity, which is crucial to the crash of pump
price in the country.

According to her, final negotiations with the original builders of the nation's
three refineries are being finalised for the purpose of transparency and
elimination of past abuses associated with past efforts at turn-around
maintenance.

"Port Harcourt refinery will kick off in a couple of months once we finish the
negotiations; they (original builders) have assured us that the refinery will be
up to 90 per cent utilisation. Warri and Kaduna refineries will be phased in
over the next 12 months, and by the time we finish in two years time we should
have 90 per cent utilisation in all three refineries.

Also, she informed that final negotiations would begin in January 2012, with the
green field refinery consortium having just finished the feasibility study. "We
are moving into final negotiations, hopefully within the next quarter we will
kick off with the green field refineries and we have a time period of 36 months
to be up and running fully and that will give Nigeria another 445,000 bpd in
refining production.

In addition to this, it is envisaged that full deregulation will encourage
private-sector participation in the building of more refineries and bring down
prices in the long run, while also creating thousands of jobs for the teeming
unemployed Nigerian population.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Independent on Saturday (South Africa)

                                 June 07, 2008
                                   e1 Edition

Government subsidy for taxi operators under discussion

BYLINE: CARVIN GOLDSTONE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 411 words


RISING fuel prices have forced the taxi industry to increase prices dramatically
but a government subsidy is being worked on to help hard-pressed passengers.

High-level government talks have already begun with taxi stakeholders about the
feasibility of introducing a commuter subsidy.

Bus and rail operators already receive a subsidy which enables them to carry
passengers at reduced prices.

But the taxi industry is South Africa's most popular mode of public transport,
ferrying between 60% and 70% of South Africa's commuters every day.

National Department of Transport spokesman Collen Msibi said there were plans
afoot for a subsidy of some form and the discussions were at quite an advanced
stage.

The department says there are several options before them, and they are
discussing it with the National Treasury to see how the subsidy will work.

"The subsidy will not subsidise taxis but commuters.

"Something should be decided within the coming weeks."

Msibi said there had been a couple of proposals that they had looked into, but
the most likely one was that the public transport subsidy for taxis would be an
extension of the bus industry subsidy system now in operation.

He explained that with the bus subsidy the bus company was paid according to the
number of kilometres travelled and the number of passengers carried.

So, if this model were to be implemented, taxi operators would have to keep
records of both in order to qualify for a subsidy.

Msibi said they were hoping that the subsidy would be implemented before the
2010 Fifa Soccer World Cup.

He said the department was pleased that plans for the subsidy were at an
advanced stage in Gauteng and Free State.

Preparing

He said in the Nelson Mandela Metro (formerly Port Elizabeth), the municipality
was at an advanced stage in preparing for the subidy.

Bus and rail transport are the only two modes of public transport which are
subsidised by provincial and national government.

In April national Transport Minister Jeff Radebe advocated "transport networks
that ensure integration of all modes" in order to reduce public transport costs.

Radebe also indicated that the operational subsidies for taxis had been under
discussion in his department for more than two years.

However, KwaZulu-Natal Taxi Alliance chairman Eugene Hadebe said there could not
possibly be a taxi subsidy in the pipeline because they had not been consulted.

"They can not subsidise if they have not consulted the relevant taxi bodies," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 25, 1989, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Canadians may fight U.S. countervailing laws

BYLINE: Fred Blaser and Gary Horlick

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1345 words


  After eight years of revival-tent capitalism and vigorous competition with
Asia for industrial supremacy, many U.S. businesses feel confident of success.
Many other U.S. companies are terrified, when they consider that Japanese,
Korean and Canadian goods still flood into their market. What does it take to
beat these guys?

A popular answer is that foreign producers cheat. They steal U.S. copyrights.
They sell below cost (this is a crime?). A major U.S. concern today is that
foreign governments give money to chosen industries, letting them compete
unfairly in the U.S. market against domestic companies which do not receive the
same subsidies.

The U.S. attacks subsidized goods far more often than any other country. Because
Canada is the U.S.'s biggest trading partner, we are most affected by this
expression of U.S. import phobia. Last month, Sydney Steel Corp. and Algoma
Steel Corp., the latest targets of U.S. corporate anger at foreign exporters,
were ordered to pay special U.S. duties because of alleged subsidies on steel
rails, a decision upheld yesterday by the International Trade Commission.

As the free trade agreement reduces tariff and other trade barriers between our
two countries, U.S. producers may increasingly resort to antisubsidy actions.
Particularly vulnerable Canadian industry sectors include agriculture, mining
and minerals, and high technology.

To help reduce the tension, Ottawa recently made the first comprehensive
proposal to reform the way the 96 members of the General Agreement on Tariffs &
Trade treat supposedly subsidized imports. Canada and the U.S. have already
started negotiating a subsidy code, meant to be part of the free trade agreement
by 1994. Since neither set of negotiations will produce results for years, alert
Canadian companies also need private solutions to this nasty problem.

Under the terms of a subsidy code adopted in 1979, the GATT lets any member
country impose a penalty, called a countervailing duty, on subsidized exports
which injure a domestic industry.

But it is quite easy for each country to administer its own countervail rules so
as to restrict imports excessively, without being inconsistent with the loosely
worded GATT code.

Canadian objections to the way the U.S. interprets the GATT system start with
the question of what makes a subsidy illegal. All countries agree a product is
unfairly traded, when it benefits from a subsidy intended specifically to
improve export capability. No country objects to another nation using fiscal
policy to support domestic industrial activity, encourage regional development
or enhance social welfare.

Unfortunately, almost all subsidies fall inconveniently between the two
extremes, leaving it up to each country's trade authorities to determine whether
or not a particular subsidy is innocent or evil.


The U.S. lets its industries attack foreign exports which receive domestic
subsidies, if the effect of such subsidies is mainly to benefit a particular
industry which makes the exported goods.

This reasonable principle has been abused in practice. In 1986, U.S. producers
successfully argued that low prices charged for government-owned timber,
although available to all users, mainly benefited Canadian lumber companies
selling in the U.S. market. In fact, Canadian plywood, furniture and pulp and
paper industries used more low-cost timber than lumber producers.

Another concern is that the U.S. system often finds a domestic industry has been
injured by subsidized foreign goods, simply on the basis of coincidence - an
illegal subsidy exists and domestic profits are down. Such an analysis fails to
prove a connection between subsidy and injury, or to account for many other
economic factors that could explain U.S. industry problems.

In other cases, the U.S. has forced Canadian exporters to defend themselves in
expensive countervailing duty cases involving a ridiculously small amount of
subsidy.

In an economically rational world, Canadians and Americans would toast each
other with bourbon and rye, respectively, and chorus:

''Subsidies? Who cares? We all believe market allocations produce the greatest
possible amount of wealth, but if either government wants to intervene in its
own economy, it can be our guest.

''Each nation has finite resources. If either country's government strengthens
an industry by shifting resources to it, it must expose another to tougher
competition from the other country. So, everything balances in the end. As for
lower prices produced by one country's subsidization, the other country will
happily take the money and run.''

In the real world, we must work for practical solutions. As one way of solving
its differences over subsidies with the U.S., Canada this summer proposed an
extensive reform of GATT subsidy rules.


Floating a GATT proposal while negotiating a bilateral subsidy code with the
U.S. makes strategic sense, since many other countries share our concerns over
the state of U.S. countervail law.

Important recommendations include the development of clear rules to identify a
domestic subsidy that helps a single industry sector to export at artificially
competitive prices. An industry claiming it is being injured by subsidized
exports would have to provide meaningful proof that the subsidy is a significant
cause of the economic damage. New rules would increase the level of
subsidization that must be proved to exist, before a countervailing duty action
can proceed.

One of the most sensible proposals would require any industry bringing a
countervail action to prove it is not itself receiving a subsidy. If the
industry is in fact getting a benefit, the subsidy's value should be subtracted
from any countervailing duty imposed on imported goods. As well, no industry
could launch an action against foreign exporters, where the amount of the
subsidy involved is negligible.

Negotiating an improved international subsidy code will take years. While they
are waiting, Canadian producers should adopt a six-point program to reduce the
threat of U.S. countervailing duty actions.

Possible targets should assess U.S. demand for their products. In a buoyant
market, it is less likely that U.S. competitors will be suffering or that they
can prove injury due to imports. Domestic industries rather look for scapegoats
in a shrinking market.

It is important to know how many other countries are exporting the same goods to
the U.S., how much market share they take and whether or not their goods are
subsidized. The more imports entering the U.S., the more likely a countervailing
duty action against all subsidized goods.

To measure their vulnerability, Canadian exporters to the U.S. should analyze
any public benefits they get, as well as the way U.S. trade authorities have
treated such subsidies in recent countervailing investigations.

Companies should determine whether competing U.S. companies get subsidies which
lower the costs of their exports. If so, the threat of retaliatory action in
Canada or elsewhere might cool U.S. ardor for bringing a countervail action.

Canadian exporters should improve information exchanges and develop joint
strategies with natural allies - exporters in other countries and associations
of U.S. industries and consumers which use Canadian imports.

Events of the past decade show that, for all its free-market rhetoric, in
adjusting to competitive international pressures U.S. industry often seeks help
in the form of artificial import barriers. To get assistance, U.S. producers
appeal to a combination of patriotism and fair play - preserve U.S. jobs,
exclude foreign cheaters.

Canadian industry should likewise be ready to play the political card. This
means public relations campaigns telling U.S. lawmakers and the public that
selling competitive goods in the U.S. is not unAmerican, that domestic
adjustment creates more jobs than it takes away, and that no exporter can be
judged unfair, if the judgment is itself unfairly reached.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Sydney Steel, whose products are shown here, was ordered to pay
duties on rails because of suspected subsidies

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday

Iran commentary calls for "judicious social policy measures"

LENGTH: 2750 words


Text of commentary by Dr Mahmud Meskub, researcher at the International
Institute of Social Studies of Erasmus University in the Netherlands:
"International Lessons for Subsidy Reform" published by privately-owned business
newspaper Donya-ye Eqtesad on 5 January

In political terms the reform of cash subsidies may possibly be as important to
Dr Rouhani's presidency as an international agreement on the nuclear issue.
There is an economic link between the two because part of the budgetary problems
of financing the cash subsidies programme is due to economic sanctions that have
reduced government income both directly as a result of decline in oil exports,
and indirectly because of domestic recession and decline in tax revenues.

What was the law? What was done?

What has become popularly known as cash subsidies in fact started as a major
adjustment of domestic prices of energy and public utilities to close the gap
between domestic and international prices over the 5th Development Plan. Fifty
per cent of the income generated from the energy price rise was stipulated by
law to be spent on direct cash transfer to the households, as well as providing
them with an indirect subsidy through support to social security and general
social support in areas of housing, health, and so on. Support to agriculture
and industry would take another 30 per cent of income generated whilst the state
was expected to use the remaining 20 per cent to mitigate the impact of fuel
price rise on its current and capital expenditure.

No date has been set for ending of the programme. One interpretation for lack of
an end date was that so long as the oil prices held up and the government
generated sufficient funds from its sale of fuel in domestic market at
international prices, the programme of targeting subsidies to households and
other designated beneficiaries would continue. (1)

However, in my view the end of the 5th Development Plan would effectively have
set a marker for at least a revision of the whole project. A wholesale revision
if not total abandonment of the subsidies project has become even more urgent
considering the disastrous economic legacy of Ahmadinezhad's government.

Targeting Subsidies Was Not for Poverty Alleviation

It is important to reiterate that the Iranian programme of targeting subsidies
has not been designed to be a poverty alleviation programme, but part of a
relative price adjustment programme. In fact the first article of the law passed
by the Iranian parliament in Dey 1388 (2009) stipulates that by the end of the
5th Development Plan in 1394 [2015], domestic prices of all fuels in Iran must
gradually be raised to reach 90 per cent of the FOB price of fuel in the Persian
Gulf. The issue of targeting of subsidies was in the first instance about the
mitigation of the adverse impact of the fuel price increases. This is the first
major difference between the Iranian and other cash transfer programmes that in
that past 20 years have become popular in some developing countries as poverty
alleviation projects, and more important, as part of the general social policy
with regard to health and education. This has important implications for the
cost of the programme and its wider economic impacts.

The Experiences of Brazil and Mexico

Most noted international cash transfer programmes like Bolsa Familia (family
purse) in Brazil or Opportunidades (opportunities) in Mexico have a smaller
coverage than Iran. They cover about 20 per cent of the total population in both
countries and their cost is between 0.5 to one per cent of the GDP. By contrast
the Iranian programme in 1388 [2009] ended up covering at least 90 per cent of
the population and cost about 10 per cent of the GDP. This is not a problem in
itself so long as income could be generated from higher energy prices making the
programme self financing (as planned in the original Iranian law of targeting
subsidies) without any need to resort to deficit financing and its inflationary
implications. But the financing problems in the second year of the targeted
subsidies programme in Iran led to the government borrowing from the Central
Bank. This increased liquidity that combined with the massive devaluation of the
rial that led to an annual rate of inflation of at least 40 per cent since 1390
[2011], while food price inflation according to the latest figures of
Statistical Centre of Iran has reached 50 per cent.

The second difference is that cash transfers in Mexico and Brazil were
introduced during periods of relative domestic macro-economic stability that
ensured the cash payment to households would hold its purchasing power over
time. According to the World Bank, since the mid-1990s the annual consumer price
index in both countries has, on average, been well below 10 per cent.

An important feature of cash transfer as a poverty alleviation programme in
other countries has been its linkages with other social policy programmes in
order to enable the poor to benefit from a range of services that would
complement their cash transfers from the state. This is no more evident than in
the cases of Brazil and Mexico where cash transfers have been conditional on
school attendance and regular health monitoring of children. This feature along
with the extensive and regular evaluation and monitoring of the programme
allowed for fine-tuning of the programme that resulted in improved results both
in terms of coverage and desired outcomes of poverty alleviation and supporting
human capital development of the poor households.

Given all this, regrettably the implementation of the subsidies programme in
Iran has failed on all accounts. It had no poverty alleviation objective and it
had no link to other social policy measures. However, it helped the poor at
least in the first year of its implementation, more by default than design. The
situation of the poor would improve because the ratio of a universal cash
transfer to income would be larger for the poor than for the rich. And during
its implementation no attention was paid to its inflationary consequences nor
was the programme adjusted to take full account of the high inflation. Moreover,
it had no evaluation and monitoring system.

What are the policy implications of international experiences for the reform of
the targeted subsidies programme in Iran? The current debate on the programme in
Iran is dominated by whether or not it should be targeted towards the poor. What
does not get sufficient attention is the link between targeted subsidies and
social policy issues in areas of health and education, and I would add
food/nutrition and housing (since these four items account for at least three
quarter of household budget, especially in poor households). For example,
according to the Ministry of Housing and Urban Construction in 1380 [2001] the
ratio of rent to income in Iran was about 33 per cent, a ratio that has most
probably increased to about 45 per cent of the monthly income.

Returning to the Heart of the Targeted Subsidies' Reform Plan

Social policies have to return to the heart of the targeted subsidies reform in
Iran, which would be well within the Targeted Subsidies Law. A social policy
could ease off the pressure on family budget by providing targeted subsidy to
health and education. Let us bear in mind that the cash transfer of 45,000
tumans has lost at least 60-70 per cent of its purchasing power since 1388
[2010] due to annual inflation that ranges from 20 per cent in 1388 to 50 per
cent in 1392 [2013], according to the latest estimates provided by Dr Nowbakht
of Management and Plan Organization. In other words 45,000 tumans can only buy
30-40 per cent of goods that it used to buy when the targeted subsidies
programme was introduced.

In 1388 when the government set the poverty line of a Tehran household at about
500,000 tumans per month , a 40,000-tuman subsidy would increase the level of
income of a five-person poor household in Tehran by 40 per cent. By 2013 the
poverty line in Tehran had been doubled to one million tumans and the ratio of
the targeted subsidies of 45,000 per person to the household income of the poor
had declined to 32.5 per cent. This ratio will drop further if we factor in
inflation in cost of food and health.

The financing costs of the targeted subsidies have also decreased in real terms.
Actually inflation has also acted as a tax on people and has helped the
government to finance its budget deficit. In short the government needs less
real resources to devote to the continuation of targeted subsidies and people
need the targeted subsidies less. The window is open for a reform of the
targeted subsidies policy and shift of resources to health, education, food and
housing and of course productive investment.

It should be noted that the objective of the targeted subsidies is to improve
the household budget. A similar objective could be achieved by reducing cost of
the main items of expenditure in household budget. And herein lies the logic of
combining targeted subsidies with subsidies to the above areas. This requires
intervention and management of markets in areas of health, education, food and
housing. Intervention in the market should not be a dirty word, as regrettably
is the case in Iran these days! All states with left or right economic policies
intervene in the market with various consequences. This is actually a judicious
and strategic intervention, similar to what is happening in the Southeast Asian
countries like South Korea, Indonesia, and Malaysia. Iran needs such
interventions that are not arbitrary, populist and at times corrupt
interventions in the market. We need to return to these issues in other articles
and forum.

The Majlis and the Method of Identifying the Rich

In the meantime the targeted subsidies has to be reformed; and since the
government faces the short-term financial effects of it, the Majlis has a law on
its agenda on the government's elimination of the richest three deciles from the
targeted subsidies recipients' list. That at one stroke eliminates the budgetary
constraints of the government and gives the impression that the subsidies
programme is targeted. But it is not a logical approach to ask the people to say
that they do not qualify for targeted subsidies. This is much more difficult
than proving why one needs targeted subsidies. This is similar to the principle
of innocence in all judicial systems that maintain that everyone is innocent
until proven guilty. And precisely because it is not logical, it is also not
practical.

The other problem is that the Majlis apparently has used the concept of deciles
as a population category (30 per cent of people who receive targeted subsidies)
rather than an economic category based on people's income or household
resources. In fact in a situation of highly unequal distribution of income
whereby the top one per cent of the population may hold 50 per cent of the
income and assets of the country, if we eliminate the top 30 per cent we might
well ignore the need of 29 per cent who are not rich.

Identifying the Rich

Besides, identifying the rich is shown to be a problem in Iran. The current
ideas in Iran that the rich who claim targeted subsidies should be identified
through information on the type of the car they own, whether they travel abroad,
or whether they reside abroad may yield at most a million people; and this is
nowhere near the 25 million of the three deciles of population. The use of bank
accounts and other assets information, or worse still the anonymous Population
Census results, will raise the ethical issues of using information that was not
intended for. It is a different matter to use bank and asset information in the
context of a taxation law compared with their use in a targeted subsidies
programme.

Identifying Individuals and Global Experience

In all poverty alleviation programmes it is the poor who are targeted directly
by being identified. However, in more developed countries, occasionally and only
when moving from a universal to a targeted system the richer sections of the
population are excluded on the basis of straightforward measures such as
declared and taxed income. For example the current Conservative-Liberal British
government has decided to reform the universal child benefit scheme (that was
ratified by the Labour government) by setting a maximum annual income of 45,000
pounds for the head of a household as the condition for receiving child benefit.
This information is available to the British government through the tax system,
which is subject to scrutiny by all people and the state. In general the use of
any information by the state not only has to be legislated, but it has to be
transparent and above all the state has to be legally accountable for its misuse
or abuse.

If Iran wants to have a targeted system it is best to start from below - that
is, by identifying the poor. In the short run - that is, until the end of the
5th Development Plan in 1394 - it is best not to waste money on setting up a new
elaborate project to identify the poor. By treating this phase of the subsidies
programme as temporary, it is possible to use the available information on
existing targeted programmes such as the Imam's Relief Fund or Justice Share
distribution, noting that there would be some overlap among the different
sources. These two sources alone cover about half the population and perhaps the
majority of the poor and very poor in the country.

However it would not be a financial disaster for the country if the current
universal system is maintained until 1394, noting what has been said above on
how inflation has eroded and will continue to erode the targeted subsidies'
purchasing power and its real cost to the government (based on current
government forecast of an annual inflation rate of 20 per cent inflation in the
next couple of years).

Next Phase: Separating the Adjustment of the Price of Energy and the Subsidies

But what matters more is how to plan strategically for the next phase of the
price adjustment programme. First and foremost the government should separate
the targeting policy from the broad energy price adjustment programme and make
the targeted subsidies policy part of a more active redistribution programme in
which social policies play a more prominent role. It should put the targeted
subsidies within a broader social policy agenda in which targeting of goods and
services used by the poor and targeting of where they live should also be part
of the programme. There is already a wealth of information available on regional
poverty in Iran that should be tapped into. In short, individual targeting
should be combined with commodity targeting and geographic targeting.

In the first instance health goods and services could be targeted. Inadequate
health insurance coverage means that on average families in Iran have to pay for
about 70 per cent of their health costs. The government can provide subsidies to
increase the coverage of health insurance as well as reducing the cost of
essential medicine and health services, and thus reduce the pressure on the
household budget.

Maintaining subsidies to essential food and staples consumed by the majority
would contribute to food security of the poor and would also ease the pressure
on the household budget. Education and housing are the other main items of the
household budget that need urgent attention as part of the social policy
programme to support the reform of the targeted subsidies programme. Finally,
there is a need for an evaluation and monitoring programme to follow the impact
of price adjustment programme on the poor in order to fine tune the poverty
alleviation programme.

As part of the targeted subsidies law, support to the producers that have been
part of the targeting law should also be actively pursued, not only to reduce
inflationary pressure but also to ensure that businesses continue to operate,
maintain employment, and create jobs. In the final analysis economic growth is
essential for an expanding social policy programme. With judicious social policy
measures people would have more confidence in the broader economic policies such
as energy price adjustment programmes and would not see the reform of the
targeted subsidies programme as damaging to their welfare.

(1) Tabatabai, H. (2010) 'The "basic income" road to reforming Iran's subsidy
system'

A list of the other sources is available at the offices of the newspaper.

Source: Donya-ye Eqtesad website in Persian 5 Jan 14

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Trimming fuel subsidy bill

BYLINE: Farah Adilla

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 363 words


The government expects to cut down substantially its fuel subsidy bill with the
proposed fuel price mechanism that could differentiate between eligible and
non-eligible buyers at the pump.

Finance Ministry Secretary General Tan Sri Dr Mohd Irwan Serigar Abdullah said
the fuel subsidy mechanism that will be introduced before the end of the year
will weed out those not eligible for subsidy.

Under the present blanket fuel subsidy, non-eligible motorists including foreign
vehicles are also enjoying the subsidy.

Mohd Irwan said the recent reduction of 20 sen per litre in fuel subsidy will
save the government about RM1 billion per month from October, which translates
to RM4 billion in total for 2014.

"We do not expect to collect as much savings from that unless we introduce this
new and more targeted fuel subsidy mechanism soon," he said in Kuala Lumpur
yesterday.

Mohd Irwan said the targeted fuel subsidy mechanism is being finalised by the
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Industry and would not give any details.

However, the talk in the market is that the government has narrowed the
mechanism to two options; a one-off payment to eligible Malaysians to offset
fuel costs or a more complicated mechanism that depends on salary and size of
vehicle of buyers.

The government reduced the fuel subsidy by 20 sen on Oct 2 for petrol and diesel
under its subsidy rationalisation programme that is designed to strengthen
Malaysia's financial position.

The subsidy cut brought retail price for petrol RON95 up to RM2.30 per litre and
diesel to RM2.20 per litre. The current market price, without subsidies, of
RON95 is RM2.58 per litre and diesel RM2.52 per litre.

The government expects that even with the subsidy reduction it will spend some
RM21 billion to subsidise RON95 petrol, diesel and gas this year.

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Najib Razak said during the announcement of
Budget 2015 that the allocation for subsidies has increased 14 times from RM1.65
billion in 2002 to RM23.5 billion in 2013, solely to maintain the low retail
petrol price.

This is due to the increase in the number of vehicles from 13.67 million units
in 2008 to 23.7 million units in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

Trimming fuel subsidy bill

BYLINE: Farah Adilla

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 363 words


The government expects to cut down substantially its fuel subsidy bill with the
proposed fuel price mechanism that could differentiate between eligible and
non-eligible buyers at the pump.

Finance Ministry Secretary General Tan Sri Dr Mohd Irwan Serigar Abdullah said
the fuel subsidy mechanism that will be introduced before the end of the year
will weed out those not eligible for subsidy.

Under the present blanket fuel subsidy, non-eligible motorists including foreign
vehicles are also enjoying the subsidy.

Mohd Irwan said the recent reduction of 20 sen per litre in fuel subsidy will
save the government about RM1 billion per month from October, which translates
to RM4 billion in total for 2014.

"We do not expect to collect as much savings from that unless we introduce this
new and more targeted fuel subsidy mechanism soon," he said in Kuala Lumpur
yesterday.

Mohd Irwan said the targeted fuel subsidy mechanism is being finalised by the
Ministry of Domestic Trade and Industry and would not give any details.

However, the talk in the market is that the government has narrowed the
mechanism to two options; a one-off payment to eligible Malaysians to offset
fuel costs or a more complicated mechanism that depends on salary and size of
vehicle of buyers.

The government reduced the fuel subsidy by 20 sen on Oct 2 for petrol and diesel
under its subsidy rationalisation programme that is designed to strengthen
Malaysia's financial position.

The subsidy cut brought retail price for petrol RON95 up to RM2.30 per litre and
diesel to RM2.20 per litre. The current market price, without subsidies, of
RON95 is RM2.58 per litre and diesel RM2.52 per litre.

The government expects that even with the subsidy reduction it will spend some
RM21 billion to subsidise RON95 petrol, diesel and gas this year.

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Najib Razak said during the announcement of
Budget 2015 that the allocation for subsidies has increased 14 times from RM1.65
billion in 2002 to RM23.5 billion in 2013, solely to maintain the low retail
petrol price.

This is due to the increase in the number of vehicles from 13.67 million units
in 2008 to 23.7 million units in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

Do They Mean Well for Jonathan? [opinion]

BYLINE: Na-Allah Mohammed Zagga

LENGTH: 994 words


Nigerians are once again grappling with the nightmare of the possibility of
another imminent withdrawal of petroleum subsidy, which may produce ripple
effects on transportation costs and concomitant impact on inflation and
virtually every aspect of life.

Past experiences of unfulfilled promises to make life better through the
investment of subsidy withdrawal proceeds is the main reason Nigerians are
reacting with valid concern to the latest temptation by Jonathan administration
to withdraw petroleum subsidy, thereby throwing millions of ordinary Nigerians
to the wolves of the market forces. Earlier, the government had warned Nigerians
about imminent tough times ahead as if subsidy is the main obstacle to economic
growth and the apparent inability of the government to provide social services
to the citizens.

As patriots, we should have no reason not to make sacrifices for our own good if
the burden of such sacrifices is evenly shared by our leaders, especially in a
country where a Senator audaciously collects N45million per quarter under the
guise of the so-called constituency projects without any scruples. In the words
of the former Madagascan leader, Mr. Didier Ratsiraka, "it is very important to
die for your country but it is more important to live for it."

The contemplated removal of the petroleum subsidy is the remotest thing the
Nigerian voters could have bargained for from a President that enjoyed enormous
and widespread national good will, both in the recent Presidential election and
during his struggle to extricate himself from hostile elements bent on
frustrating the process of making him Acting President when his former boos had
his feet in the grave. In fact, the pan-Nigerian mandate won by President
Jonathan is such that nobody would have expected him to punish Nigerians as a
payback for the incredible good will they extended to him. Sadly, however with
the planned removal of petroleum subsidy, on the advice of so-called experts,
President Jonathan has given ammo to his critics who say that his administration
is the extension of former President Obasanjo's government, which was inherently
cold-hearted towards the people. Nobody opposes subsidy removal because they
question the good intentions behind it. The real issue is the lack of
credibility by successive governments in justifying the arguments for subsidy
removal.

Former President Obasanjo sustained subsidy withdrawal to a point a litre of
petrol was selling at N75. His administration argued with nauseating emphasis
that subsidy removal would enable the government to provide social services more
effectively. It was a superficially appealing argument. Yet, at the end of the
day, the social services were not significantly better. Poverty stuck to
majority of Nigerians like limpet, despite the withdrawal of subsidy. The
quality of roads, health and education was not better either, despite the huge
proceeds that accrued to the government because of the subsidy withdrawal. The
only exception perhaps, that subsidy withdrawal produce positive results was the
performance of the defunct Petroleum Trust Fund (PTF), established by the late
General Sani Abacha administration. Despite the criticisms of PTF itself by some
Nigerians, the fund at least left behind some trace of evidence that, properly
managed, the proceeds of subsidy withdrawal, can improve the quality of social
services to a remarkable extent.

With the self-defeating insincerity of past administrations in Nigeria, the
Jonathan administration should appreciate the cynicism and scepticism of
Nigerians towards the latest effort to remove subsidy, ostensibly to make us
enjoy the "dividends" of democracy much better.

If the government cannot fight corruption because of the fear of hurting
powerful men and party loyalists, then we should forget about achieving the good
intentions of subsidy withdrawal. With a corrupt civil service and a thieving
political class, it is doubtful if even angels can make the good intentions of
subsidy withdrawal work in Nigeria.

Ordinarily, the policy of subsidy withdrawal doesn't have to cause such intense
national debate. However, we are in a society where the people don't trust their
leaders because of their precious experiences of disappointed expectations. The
biggest challenge before the Jonathan administration over subsidy withdrawal is
removing stubborn public scepticism towards the government's good intentions.
Nigerians have no difficulty making sacrifices for economic recovery. But their
fear is that successive governments have almost always defeated the arguments
for subsidy withdrawal by their insincerity.

One of the arguments made by the former President Obasanjo administration was
that Nigeria was committing almost 50 percent of annual national budgets to debt
servicing. As a result, it argued, it was impossible for the government to
deliver social services effectively. And on the strength of these arguments,
Nigeria's international creditor nations (London and Paris Clubs)
sympathetically granted us an 18 billion dollar debt relief in 2003. With
hindsight, did the performance of the government in these social sectors justify
the arguments for debt relief? When he visited Nigeria in 2000, the former U.S.
President, Mr. Bill Clinton, told a joint session of the National Assembly that
the US would support debt relief for Nigeria "if we are convinced the benefits
of debt relief would go to the ordinary Nigerians." In all honesty, therefore,
did the benefits of debt relief ultimately and significantly change the quality
of life of the ordinary Nigerians since 2003? As long as corruption and
insincerity infect governance at all levels, the good intentions of subsidy
withdrawal may always suffer. President Jonathan and Finance Minister, Dr. Ngozi
Okonjo-Iweala, are not magicians to overcome the factors that have always
frustrated the positive implementation of the policy of subsidy withdrawal.

Zagga wrote from Abuja

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                            December 14, 2015 Monday

Petrol to cost N97a litre with subsidy off

LENGTH: 832  words


Petrol will retail at about N97 per litre if the subsidy is removed today, going
by the current landing price of between N77 - N79 per litre, in addition to
transport to pumphead, marketers and other margins for about N18. With that,
queues will disappear from the fuel stations.

'Nigeria can no longer afford subsidy. All indications are that crude oil is
going to slide lower next year. The best time to remove the subsidy is when
crude oil price is low because we cannot afford to do that when crude oil price
is $100 per barrel. This is the best time to remove subsidy', said Sena Anthony,
former executive director, legal, Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC).

'When the price is right, refineries will spring up and competition sets in.
Remember how much we used to pay for GSM lines and today, the telecom companies
are begging us to take their lines free. Money that should be used to pay
salaries and develop infrastructure is being used for subsidy. It is a difficult
pill but all of us just have to face it', Anthony added.

While the timing is adjudged right for removal of subsidy, analysts say
government should put some palliatives in place for the subsidy to go.

'Government should show the people tangible impacts of subsidy removal right
from the onset, not many months later. The populace should immediately identify
the benefits of subsidy removal as soon as the subsidy is removed, or even
prior; be it free education, improved transport system, wage increase or social
allowance for the unemployed. Subsidy reforms rarely work without an immediately
tangible exchange', said Chijioke Mama, a senior research analyst and founder of
Energy Policy  and  Investment Advisory Initiative, Africa's Barrel Equations.

Adding to the urgency to eliminate wasteful and inefficient spending, are the
mounting fiscal pressures for Nigeria whose currency and budget will come even
under more pressure as crude oil prices hit fresh seven-year lows on Friday.

Oil fell as the International Energy Agency (IEA) warned that global oversupply
could worsen in the new year.

Brent slipped below $39 per barrel for the first time since December 2008 as the
IEA, which advises developed nations on energy, warned that demand growth was
starting to slow.

Nigerian policy makers have ignored the ticking time-bomb of fuel subsidy costs
which has continued to grow exponentially, even as the country receives less
revenue from oil sales.

This growth in subsidy payments is partly due to the rising cost of imported
fuel, which meant that the government had to spend even more to keep domestic
prices low, and also due to Nigeria's increasing population, which resulted in
increased fuel consumption; together these pressures made the cost of the fuel
subsidy unsustainable.

In 2011 alone, Nigeria's fuel subsidy cost the country an estimated $8 billion.
It cost another $4 billion in 2012 and an average of $5 billion a year between
2012 and 2015.

The price of crude oil increased from $30.4 per barrel in 2000 to $94.9 in 2010
over the same period Nigeria's population increased from about 123 million to
158 million.

By 2011, the fuel subsidy accounted for 30 percent of the Nigerian government's
expenditure and it was about 4 percent of GDP and 118 percent of the capital
budget.

Nigeria's fuel subsidy continues to crowd out other development spending. By
comparison, the country's total allocation for education is about $2.2 billion a
year and it is not much higher for health care. Infant mortality in Nigeria
remains unacceptably high at 90.4 per 1,000 live births. In 2004, it was
estimated that only 15 percent of the country's roads were paved.

The estimated $44 billion spent on fuel subsidy from 2000 till 2015 could help
to address some of these issues. A single track railway line with simple
signalling, costs about S$ 2 million per kilometre including electrical and
mechanical equipment, according to data from Railway technical. The $44 billion
spent on subsidy could have been used to construct about 22,000 km of railway
tracks for freight and passengers in Nigeria.

In addition, keeping the domestic price of oil artificially low with the fuel
subsidy has discouraged additional investment in Nigeria's oil sector. This is
especially problematic, given that the oil sector is the lifeblood of the
Nigerian economy. Since 2000, Nigeria has issued at least 20 refinery licenses
to private companies.

However, not one refinery has been built because investors could not recoup
their investment under the artificially low price structure.

With the government subsidising the market to keep domestic fuel prices
artificially low, it is those who consume the most that have a greater benefit
from the subsidy. Nigeria's poor rely primarily on public transportation, as
such their per capita fuel consumption is significantly less than the country's
rich, who generally use private vehicles. Neighbouring countries also benefit
significantly from Nigeria's fuel subsidy through smuggling.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     Variety

                      January 19, 1998 - January 25, 1998

SUBSIDY CASH COMPETITION

BYLINE: MIRIAM HILS

SECTION: FILM/INTERNATIONAL; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 699 words


BERLIN German movies are selling more tickets than ever. Homegrown pics like
"Knockin' on Heaven's Door," "Rossini" and "The Little Bastard" claimed a market
share of more than 17% in the first three quarters of 1997, up from less than
10% only a few years before.

Yet the German film industry continues to rely heavily on subsidy money. This
year, federal and state film subsidy boards will contribute some 250 million
marks ($ 137 million) in funding to movie production and other film-related
activities such as distribution, marketing and exhibition. And as state subsidy
boards compete with each other to attract film projects, the amount of subsidy
coin available jumps from year to year.

Mo' money


"The competition between states has led to doubling and tripling of film subsidy
money," observes Dieter Kosslick, managing director of subsidy board
Filmstiftung Nordrhein-Westfalen (NRW) in Dusseldorf. "This competition has
filled our coffers, and makes us more willing to invest and take risks."

At the same time, the conditions for subsidy grants have been altered in recent
years to reward producers whose pics do well at the box office. Subsidy board
officials, Kosslick believes, "have a different mentality than they used to.
We're no longer afraid of success. We subsidize entertainment, not just heavy,
intellectual films."

In a territory where most pics cost less than 6 million marks ($ 3.3 million) to
make, subsidies often make up a significant part of movie budgets. Very few
movies are shot in Germany without subsidy coin. Even last year's blockbuster
"Knockin' on Heaven's Door," which was backed by Hollywood major Buena Vista,
received substantial assistance from Filmstiftung NRW.

While subsidy boards have always had the task of attracting business to their
regions, their role in local economies has become more important since beginning
of the decade. As heavy industry declines in many parts of Germany, state
politicians are hoping to fill the gaps by drawing industries like entertainment
and the media to their regions. To increase the effectiveness of these agencies,
one state film subsidy board after another has been transformed from a
publicly-held foundation into a limited company.

Although funds do get to projects without much commercial potential, subsidy
board officials acknowledge that the pressure to produce box office hits has
increased since privatization. Klaus Keil, director of Filmboard
Berlin-Brandenburg, says his agency prefers to see a distribution contract
before providing funding for a project. "We can no longer afford to finance
movies that nobody wants to see," Keil notes.

More crowd-pleasers


To encourage producers to make marketable films, most subsidy boards offer a
system of so-called "success-oriented loans." In general, filmmakers are granted
an interest-free loan for a project. If the movie flops, the producer is only
required to pay back a percentage of the loan. But if the film is a hit, the
producer can use the coin he or she has paid back as a new loan for a future
project.

And although the presence of commercial TV webs on subsidy board committees may
be good for television, some producers argue that it is bad for feature films.
According to Margarete Evers, managing director of the Assn. of New German Film
Producers, state subsidy board officials "are less willing than they used to be
to support projects that aren't suited to television."

Ultimately, many producers would like to become less reliant on subsidy boards
and establish their own capital base. Producers in Germany have traditionally
forfeited the TV rights to their films, leaving them with little long-term
income to fund future projects.

To help producers become more independent, subsidy boards are now requiring that
the television rights to subsidized films be returned to the producer --- in
most cases within six to seven years. State subsidy agencies are also
encouraging local banks and private investors to get involved in financing
movies.

"In the long run, we'd like to wean producers from their dependence on subsidies
," says Kosslick of Filmstiftung NRW. "Maybe one day we'll no longer need to
exist."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1998 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Rs 240bn for subsidies, 15% higher from last year

BYLINE:  Ijaz Kakakhel

SECTION: Vol. X No. 163

LENGTH: 490  words


The government has earmarked Rs 240.434 billion for subsidies in the budget
2013-14, an increase of 15% over last year's allocation of Rs 208.595 billion.

The revised estimates of total subsidies provided in 2012-13 was Rs 367.472
billion against the initial allocation of Rs 208.595 billion. The initial
allocation for subsidies in the current year was 0.92% of the GDP. In the budget
2013-14 the allocation for subsidies to WAPDA/PEPCO is the major component,
which is 68.7 percent of the total allocation followed by subsidy to Karachi
Electric Supply Company (KESC), with a share of 22.9 percent. Power tariffs,
KESC, wheat, sugar and the Utility Stores Corporation are among the sectors
being subsidised.

Subsidy to WAPDA/PEPCO: WAPDA and PEPCO will be provided Rs 165.1 billion in
subsidies this year against last year's initial allocation of Rs 134.970
billion, which was later increased to Rs 264.970 billion. Of this money, Rs 150
billion have been allocated for inter-DISCO tariff differential purpose, while
last year's initial allocation for this purpose was Rs 120 billion, which was
later enhanced to Rs 250 billion during the year 2012-13.

The government has allocated Rs 3 billion for tariff differential for
agriculture tube wells in Balochistan while last the allocation was Rs 4
billion. It has earmarked Rs 12 billion as subsidy for WAPDA/PEPCO receivables
from FATA against last year's allocation of Rs 10 billion. In the budget
2013-14, the allocation for exchange rate differential for USAID's grant to
GENCOs is Rs 100 million.

KESC subsidies: The government will extend Rs 55 billion subsidy to KESC for
pick-up KESC's tariff differential.

TCP subsidies: The Trading Corporation of Pakistan (TCP) has not been allocated
anything for rice operation during the year 2013-14.

Utility Stores: The subsidy to the Utility Stores Corporation (USC), which is
the public's primary source of subsidised staple foods, will amount to Rs 6
billion in 2013-14. The USC will get Rs 2 billion for Ramazan Package. This
year, the government has allocated Rs 4 billion subsidy for sugar. Subsidy to
PASSCO: The government has allocated Rs 9 billion for Pakistan Agricultural
Storage and Services Corporation (PASSCO).

Subsidy to others: For other sectors, the government has allocated Rs 5.334
billion, while last year the allocation for this purpose was Rs 12.150 billion,
which later reduced to Rs 5.991 billion.

An amount of Rs 4 billion of the total money was allocated for oil refineries
and oil marketing companies/others while last year the allocation was Rs 7.7
billion. Fauji Fertiliser Bin Qasim Ltd was allocated Rs 231 million while last
year the allocation was Rs 3.4 billion.

Allocation for sale of wheat in FATA is Rs 283 million while last year the
allocation under this head was Rs 270 million. The allocation for sale of wheat
in Gilgit-Baltistan in 2013-14 has been set at Rs 814 million, while last year
it was Rs 775 million.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              May 25, 2010 Tuesday

KL may be forced to cut subsidies;
Fuel, gas, electricity grants face cut after record fiscal deficit

BYLINE: Hazlin Hassan, Malaysia Correspondent

LENGTH: 545 words


KUALA LUMPUR: It is on, and then off. Now it looks as if Malaysia has no choice
but to cut subsidies, particularly those for fuel, gas, tolls and electricity,
despite the possibility of the public reacting negatively.

The government has been making moves to garner public support ahead of plans to
remove subsidies, which Malaysians have long enjoyed on a wide range of goods.

Advertisements are being taken out in the media this week highlighting hefty
subsidies that cost RM74 billion (S $31 billion) last year. This averages out to
RM12,900 per household.

Online and SMS polls are being conducted to obtain feedback while a public forum
will be held on Thursday to discuss reforms.

The government has attempted to cut subsidies before, but pulled back due to
negative public reaction. It now says it is crucial to reduce subsidy spending,
after the country last year saw its biggest fiscal deficit in more than 20
years, at 7.6 per cent.

'The public needs to understand that there is a need to look at the numbers and
look at the economy as a whole. We can't go on borrowing to spend. If this
prolonged borrowing continues, we will be in trouble,' a government official
told The Straits Times.

'We want to make sure that subsidies are better targeted, that there is no
leakage, and that the proper target groups are benefiting from subsidies,' he
added.

A Cabinet meeting tomorrow will discuss plans to cut the subsidy bill, Reuters
quoted unnamed government officials as saying.

Thursday's forum is aimed at giving the public a better idea of where the
country is economically and 'how these subsidies affect not only us but the
future generation', Mr Alex Iskandar Liew, director of communications at the
government's Performance Management and Delivery Unit (Pemandu) think-tank, told
The Straits Times.

The think-tank, which was set up to come up with reforms in several areas, has
been studying ways to cut subsidies.

Recommendations from its Subsidy Rationalisation Lab - comprising the private
sector and civil servants, and which ran for six weeks from February - will be
presented at the forum.

Its recommendations are not final nor has the government made any decision on
the matter.

Once the proposals have been shared with the public, Pemandu will analyse the
feedback and present its findings to the Cabinet. This is expected to happen
next month.

About 97 per cent of subsidies are across the board, and 71 per cent of fuel
subsidies go to middle- or high-income groups.

An analysis from the Subsidy Rationalisation Lab said the focus would be on
'big-ticket items', such as fuel, gas, electricity and tolls, to achieve big
savings.

The huge subsidies have resulted in Malaysia having some of the lowest food
prices in the region. Last year, flour and sugar cost RM1.35 per kg and RM1.45
per kg in Malaysia respectively, compared with Singapore's RM2.30 and RM3.15.

Some analysts say it is unlikely for the government to push for hugely unpopular
subsidy cuts ahead of the next general election, due by 2013.

'It will cut on small items like petrol, because that will hit the least number
of people. It is not likely to cut subsidies on items that will hit the poor,
such as flour,' said political analyst James Chin of Monash University's
Malaysia campus.

hazlinh@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           December 26, 1993, Monday

Local subsidies to be slashed

BYLINE: Yomiuri Shimbun

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 303 words


Against a backdrop of an expected fiscal shortage, the Finance Ministry is
planning sharp reductions to government subsidies and similar financial strains
in fiscal 1994, a Finance Ministry source said Saturday.

The reduction will include subsidy cuts for minor businesses, shifting financial
burdens from the national government to local governments and converting a
number of subsidies to loans.

Reflecting the ailing economy, national coffers are estimated to suffer about a
3 trillion yen shortfall. The subsidies and financial burden borne by the
central government represent about 40 percent of the national budget's general
expenditure.

As a result, subsidies from the central government will only be granted to cases
not covered by local governments.

For example, personnel cost subsidies will be abolished for private high schools
and public preschools. Instead, those facilities will be granted subsidies to
cover general costs.

This shift is estimated to reduce substantially the total subsidies to these
facilities. In the fiscal 1993 budget, a sum of 84.7 billion yen was
appropriated for private high schools and public preschools.

In order to account in part for the amount local governments will lose in
subsidies, grants from the national budget will be raised and increased portions
will be incorporated into local government budgets as general fiscal sources.

Unlike subsidies these grants can be used at the discretion of local
governments, and the Finance Ministry expects an increase in local grants will
prompt local governments' financial sources to be more flexible.

The subsidy cut for minor businesses will raise the requirements for subsidy
eligibility.

In the field of agriculture, current subsidies for purchasing farm appliances
will be converted into loans.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1993 The Daily Yomiuri


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                  June 9, 2014

Corporate: Cover Story - Formulating disbursement mechanism equally challenging

BYLINE: Esther Lee

LENGTH: 1694 words


Formulating a fair, targeted fuel subsidy scheme is already challenging enough
for policymakers. But their job doesnâ  t end there â " they also have to come
up with an effective implementation mechanism, which is equally difficult to do.

Statistics from the Ministry of Transport show that there were 10.48 million
cars â " equivalent to one car for every three Malaysians â " and 11.04 million
motorcycles registered with the Road Transport Department as at end-2013. So,
the number of Malaysians who will be affected by any new fuel subsidy scheme is
far greater than the number of Employees Provident Fund (EPF) members or
taxpayers.

Ideally, such a mechanism should be able to prevent abuses and leakages.

MyKad, the identity card that every Malaysian holds, could be the instrument of
choice for the implementation of targeted fuel subsidies. This is because it has
an embedded chip that contains an operating system designed with the initial
intention of being a multipurpose card.

Back in 2008, the Cabinet agreed to administer a fuel subsidy programme using
the MyKad when petrol price surged to RM2.70 a litre. There was a call for
tender, and three companies were shortlisted out of the 10 bidders.

Dialog Group Bhd was among the three, and it had a ready system for the said
implementation. Nevertheless, then prime minister Tun Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
opted for the one-off approach of giving a RM625 rebate to motor vehicle users
based on the vehicleâ  s capacity.

While Dialogâ  s system did not come into use in a fuel subsidy programme, the
company converted it into a cashless payment system for low-income households
through MyKasih. Currently, it is used by 190,000 households nationwide to
obtain subsidies.

Now that the targeted fuel subsidy programme is back on the governmentâ  s
drawing board, news has emerged that Datasonic Group Bhd has submitted a similar
proposal to use the MyKad as a platform to implement the scheme. It is
understood that the group has formed a joint venture with another company to
undertake the said project.

As the talk is on a MyKad-linked system to provide a targeted subsidy scheme,
the cost to integrate it with that of petrol kiosks nationwide will not come
cheap as their system has to be upgraded and configured to read the MyKad.

â  The MyKad idea was thrown out in 2008 because of the infrastructure cost. It
will cost the petrol dealers a lot to upgrade their system to accept the MyKad,â
says an economist. Â

Economists had previously presented other options for the subsidy programme. One
of them was a rebate on the annual income tax, which could be a cheaper and
simpler way.

However, the truth remains that there are only one million eligible taxpayers
out of the four million people registered with the Inland Revenue Board and only
75,000 companies are eligible taxpayers out of the 450,000 registered with the
IRB.

â  This would perhaps incentivise more eligible taxpayers to file their income
tax returns if subsidies are given through income tax rebates,â  says a market
observer.

But this means that Malaysians who are not taxpayers will not be on the list of
subsidy recipients.

Some argue that there is also the element of unfairness as those who earn a
chargeable income exceeding RM100,000 annually, based on the highest bracket of
income tax rates, would be entitled to the same amount of rebate as one who
chalks up only RM5,001 annually, being the lowest qualifiable income tax
bracket. Â

There have been suggestions that fuel subsidies could be remitted to the
individualâ  s EPF account. That way, it would include a wider pool of citizens
as the EPF has an estimated 6.4 million contributors.

Nonetheless, with the strict rules on how EPF monies can be used, it raises the
question of whether this would be an effective way to help citizens bear the
cost of living currently.

To make things simple, some quarters say, the government may revisit its cash
rebate system implemented in 2008, which was effective and fast. Post offices
were chosen as the disbursement agents back then.

Apart from post offices, banks could be a disbursement channel since most people
have a banking account. The government could just deposit the cash rebate in
their bank accounts, similar to how BR1M is being disbursed, say market
observers.

However, economists worry about possible leakages when a large sum of cash is
being distributed. Furthermore, they say the government would also feel the
pinch when forking out a large sum within a short period of time.

It is undeniable that the mechanism used for the disbursement of subsidies can
be an intricate matter. Whatever system the government decides on should be one
that can avoid abuse and ensure the subsidies go to the targeted group for their
intended use. Â Â Â

Petrol subsidy cut fuels inflation

The immediate effect of a reduction in fuel subsidies will be public dismay as
the peopleâ  s fuel bill will increase. But the bigger cause for concern will be
its cascading impact as it is historically proven that the prices of goods and
services will spike across the board.

While the governmentâ  s proposed implementation of a â  new approach to petrol
and diesel subsidiesâ  is ambiguous at this juncture, the public seems to be
expecting it to come in some form of targeted subsidy for certain groups.

From the reaction observed in social media as well as letters to newspapers, the
people are concerned about how the government will proceed.

Although a targeted fuel subsidy mechanism is deemed a fairer system, most
analysts say it will surely push up business cost, which will eventually be
passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices. This could be particularly
so if businesses are taken out of the subsidy loop.

Even without the additional variable of a targeted fuel subsidy proposal,
consumer spending is expected to see some weakness with the implementation of
the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on April 1, 2015, and inflation rising to 4%.

In April, the inflation rate soared to a two-year high of 3.4%. By end-2014,
economists expect it to be between 3.4% and 3.6%. The estimates take into
account a 10 sen to 20 sen hike in petrol prices under a subsidy rationalisation
programme.

Perhaps, the pertinent question on consumersâ   minds would be: How much more do
I have to pay for teh tarik when the targeted fuel subsidy scheme is
implemented?

For now, economists, when contacted, say they are unable to gauge the schemeâ  s
impact on inflation until more details are made available. However, they add
that inflation could be higher than forecast.

With or without a targeted fuel subsidy, economists agree that a rising
inflation rate is inevitable and policymakers should let it run its course, as
it will eventually stabilise with time.

However, there are fears that in such a situation, the side effects of an
escalating cost of living as a result of a targeted fuel subsidy could be a
double whammy to consumers, who will face the GST inflationary pressure come
April 2015.

Nevertheless, RHB Research chief economist Lim Chee Seng opines that the impact
of a targeted fuel subsidy should be manageable for consumers, given the stable
labour market conditions in the country.

â  There will still be employment, which means that there will be continuous
income streams that can translate into consumer spending. It [consumer spending]
will be resilient because of the labour market conditions,â  he says.

He adds that Malaysia has the advantage of a younger population, with an average
age of 24 to 26 years old, implying a society with a higher propensity to
consume and this adds to the resilience of consumer spending.

Other economists believe that it would be the middle-income group who will feel
the pinch most when there is a fuel subsidy rationalisation of any sort.

â  The higher-income group would not need the subsidy as they will be able to
fork out another few hundred ringgit for their fuel while the lower-income group
would use little fuel. It would be those in the middle-income group who would
have to bear the brunt of both a fuel price hike and an increase in living
expenses,â  says one economist.

Malaysians should be familiar with the reality of subsidy cuts.

Back in 2008, the fuel price rose sharply, with RON97 petrol going up 78 sen per
litre to RM2.70 while diesel rose RM1 per litre to RM2.58. RON92 petrol, which
has now been discontinued, climbed 74 sen per litre to RM2.62.

This drastic increase in fuel prices was deemed the main culprit that caused
inflation to surge to 7.7% year-to-year in June 2008. Consequently, prices of
goods went up in tandem. Just two months after the surge in fuel prices, the
government decided to gradually revise them downwards in response to public
unhappiness. By December 2008, the price of RON97 petrol had dropped to RM1.80
per litre while RON92 petrol and diesel cost RM1.70 per litre.

Currently, users of RON97 petrol no longer enjoy subsidies on the fuel as they
were discontinued in July 2010. As at June 6, the price of RON97 petrol is
RM2.85 per litre.

Meanwhile, the government introduced subsidised RON95 petrol in place of RON92,
which was discontinued in May 2009. At present, RON95 petrol costs RM2.10 per
litre while diesel costs RM2 per litre.

Economists say it is unlikely that the government will resort to a complete
removal of subsidies as this would cause a change that would be too drastic for
consumers to endure.

However, the rationalisation of subsidies is a necessary evil.

RHBâ  s Lim says an accelerated subsidy rationalisation plan would cause more
pain for consumers, but what would be more dangerous is to allow the subsidy
mentality to be entrenched in society.

â  It is not good for the economy if subsidies continue in the long run. It is
not an efficient use of resources and it does not increase productivity. The
savings from subsidies should be used in an efficient manner. Use them to
upgrade the skills of the middle and lower-income groups and help them to
increase productivity so that they wonâ  t stay in the middle-income trap
forever.â  Â

The reality is that it is easier said than done, as the public will have to
grapple with the immediate pain.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                          November 14, 2012 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Debate over wind energy subsidies rages on

BYLINE: By Alex Stucky,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1161 words


Part III

Editor's note: Idaho assigned a task force to study the future of wind energy in
the state. In this four-part series, the Post Register looks at wind power
generation in Bonneville and Bingham counties. Today's article looks at the
subsidies wind energy receives.

About $5 billion in federal wind energy subsidies are on the line between now
and Dec. 31 as Congress determines whether it's time for the industry's training
wheels to come off.

The U.S. Energy Information Administration reports that's how much the
government doled out in subsidies for wind energy in 2010. In terms of renewable
energies, only biofuels received more money - $6.6 billion, according to the
administration.

These subsidies are just some of the more than $37 billion handed to the entire
energy sector in 2010, according to the administration.

Depending on the depth and focus of a subsidy study, the group conducting it can
come up with different numbers. Some nongovernmental organizations, such as the
policy consulting firm Earth Track, estimate annual oil, gas and coal subsidies
alone to be as high as $52 billion a year.

In a period of slow economic growth combined with rising oil and gas prices, all
federal energy subsidies have come under scrutiny. In Idaho, much of the focus
has been on the subsidies for wind energy production.

Local and state governments are scrambling to determine whether wind farms will
sink or swim without the help of the federal government as the fate of wind's
production tax credit sits in the hands of Congress.

Wind energy supporters say the renewable energy is just getting started and
needs help to grow. Opponents say the energy would - and should - die without
the government's help.

And because Idaho also has incentives that wind developers can scoop up, local
opponents are even more adamant that the subsidies should go.

""Without the extensive subsidies, this industry will not survive,"" said Rep.
Erik Simpson, R-Idaho Falls. ""This is a fact.""

The case for help

In 2008, the U.S. Department of Energy issued a report that concluded
wind-generated power could account for as much as 20 percent of the nation's
electricity by 2030.

American Wind Energy Association spokesman Peter Kelley said that goal remains
within reach, assuming Congress extends the wind production tax credit set to
expire Dec. 31.

""We're ahead of schedule to make (wind) 20 percent of all energy in America,""
Kelley said. ""It's just that we're not done yet ... We need it to last a little
while longer.""

The wind production tax credit offers developers 2.2 cents per kilowatt-hour of
generation sold for 10 years. A Sept. 20 New York Times article reports the tax
credit adds up to about $1 billion per year.

The tax credit is a great help to the developers, but it could soon be gone. And
of the three main subsidies that were once available to wind developers, the
production tax credit is the only one left. If that disappears, President Barack
Obama estimates that 37,000 jobs across the country will be eliminated.

Wind developers also can tap into Department of Energy loan guarantee programs,
research and development subsidies, as well as U.S. Department of Agriculture
electricity programs.

Randy Gardner, Ridgeline Energy's senior project manager, said the continued
development of wind power depends on what happens with other renewable energy
subsidies.

""My opinion is that if all subsidies were eliminated, wind energy would still
be viable and we would continue,"" Gardner said. ""If they only eliminate (the
incentives) for wind, then that will make it more difficult to sell to
utilities, and we wouldn't be competing on a level playing field.""

But other renewable energies already have the upper hand. The production tax
credit is available for other renewable energies - such as hydropower and
geothermal - until year-end 2013.

In Idaho, wind developers such as Ridgeline can look to the state for help.

The state changed the way wind farms are taxed in Idaho. Rather than taxing the
value of a wind farm's equipment, developers instead pay a tax that amounts to 3
percent of their gross sales per year, Gallatin Group spokesman John Kotek said.

""Counties like (the taxing of gross sales) better because instead of starting
high and then dropping as the value of (a wind farm's) property depreciates,
(the gross sales) payments stay steady and even go up over time,"" Kotek said.

Idaho used to offer a sales tax rebate for the equipment purchased by wind
farms, Kotek said. But an attempt to extend that incentive - a 6 percent break
on energy production equipment for alternative energy developers through 2014 -
died in the Idaho Legislature last year.

""There was an effort and it failed,"" Kotek said.

Proponents of wind subsidies point out that all energy is subsidized.

A September 2011 report, ""What Would Jefferson Do? The Historical Role in
Federal Subsidies in Shaping America's Energy Future,"" noted that the federal
commitment to oil and gas subsidies was five times greater than the commitment
to renewables during the first 15 years of subsidy life.

The battle over subsidies

While wind energy opponents want an end to subsidies for the industry, President
Obama has talked about ending the $4.2 billion in subsidies for fossil fuels,
such as oil, petroleum and natural gas.

In 2011, the three largest U.S. oil companies had a combined profit of $80
billion. The oil industry has received government subsidies since 1913.

A March 9, 2011, Christian Science Monitor article put the number of annual
federal subsidies to oil and gas companies at $41 billion.

But Simpson said subsidizing oil and gas is the smarter thing to do.

""Any industrialized nation needs more power,"" Simpson said. ""It, to me, makes
a lot more sense to be pushing base-load energy sources, not wind and solar.""

It's a policy issue that needs to be addressed, Simpson said, because eastern
Idaho is on the frontline of the wind energy ""explosion.""

""The country needs to focus almost solely on the base-load resources: nuclear,
coal power, gas power, hydro - not the feel-good energy sources.""

Idaho Rep. George Eskridge, R-Dover, co-chairman of the Legislature's Energy,
Environment and Technology interim committee, isn't a supporter of subsidies in
general but noted there is something to be said for making subsidies available
to start-up companies such as wind farms.

""I'm OK with subsidies to get an industry started,"" he said. ""Eventually, the
resource needs to stand on its own, but at what point do we determine that?""

Thursday: The newly created wind energy task force has two years to sort wind
energy facts from fiction.

Extra insight

Aug. 6: ""Utilities, renewable developers set for PUC fight,""
tinyurl.com/PUC-fight

Aug. 8: ""Power hearings start argument over rates,"" tinyurl.com /rate-argument

Sept. 21: ""Federal regulator: Idaho Power must buy wind power,""
tinyurl.com/must-buy- wind

Oct. 8: ""Can Idaho Power turn off wind?"" tinyurl.com/turn- off-wind

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                           November 22, 2007 Thursday

Government promises to fix fuel assistance system Rip-off fleeces drivers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 562  words


THE Queensland Government has promised to improve its flawed fuel subsidy scheme
after an inquiry confirmed motorists in the state were being short-changed at
the bowser by $100 million a year.

Premier Anna Bligh refused to abolish the scheme, despite Queensland Fuel
Subsidy Commission of Inquiry head Bill Pincus describing the laws governing the
payment as 'rubbish' and saying they should be overhauled or scrapped.

Mr Pincus also found more than $100 million a year of the $541 million scheme
was not being passed on to motorists.

The government in August ordered an inquiry into why Queenslanders were losing
out on two cents of the state's 8.3 cents a litre fuel subsidy.

Mr Pincus, a retired federal court judge, handed down his final report, finding
retailers were not reducing the sale price of fuel under the Fuel Subsidy Act
(FS Act).

''In the main, the subsidy was simply regarded as a component of the cost of
fuel and was otherwise disregarded,'' Mr Pincus said in the report.

Mr Pincus did not find evidence of any criminal activity, although there was
prima facie evidence of fraud involving a Cairns-based fuel outlet.

Allegations that the fuel supplier pocketed hundreds of thousands of dollars by
fraudulently claiming the subsidy were referred to police by the State
Government.

According to Mr Pincus' report, the subsidy is not being fully passed on because
the FS Act is unclear.

Mr Pincus described the laws, introduced by the Borbidge coalition government in
1997 and amended by the Beattie Labor government in 2000, as 'rubbish'.

''The design of this subsidy was flawed from the start -- it is faulty as we
speak,'' Mr Pincus told reporters.

He suggested a 'central office' of legal experts be set up to scrutinise new
state legislation, rather than politicians.

Mr Pincus said the present system for paying the subsidies should be abandoned.
He recommended the laws should be amended to incorporate a provision for
'reference prices' to be published, or else be repealed. He stood by his earlier
suggested plan to set different benchmark prices for fuel in different parts of
the state.

Mr Pincus said the oil industry generally profited from the $100 million that
was not passed on to motorists, but motorists still benefited from the subsidy
'because it has had a lowering effect on prices generally'.

Ms Bligh said there was no doubt some motorists had been ripped off.

''(But) the Queensland petrol subsidy scheme is here to stay,'' she said.

Mr Pincus' report detailed allegations made against Kevin Lock, the director of
Cairns-based company Orange Glacier, which operates Portsmith Fuel, during the
inquiry's public hearings.

Two former Portsmith employees and a rival fuel distributor claimed Mr Lock was
fraudulently claiming the fuel subsidy on petrol sales to bulk users such as
trawler operators.

Oil nudges $100 -- Page 43

THE GREAT PETROL RIP-OFF

WHAT THE INQUIRY FOUND:

$100 million worth of subsidy did not

get passed on to motorists last year

Retailers are not reducing the sale

price of fuel by the amount of the

8.354 cent subsidy

Retailers are receiving the subsidy

without proving they have passed on

subsidy

Fuel Subsidy Act is unclear and

impracticable

Current system should not continue

Reference price should be put in

place against which the subsidy is

calculated and paid

Prima facie evidence of fraud involving

a Cairns-based fuel outlet,

referred to police

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Mun awaits free school fees

BYLINE: RAMCY WAMA

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 409 words


SCHOOLS who operate accounts with other commercial banks apart from Bank of
South Pacific (BSP) are still waiting for their part of subsidies from the
Department of Education.

Chairman for the Mun Primary School John Kona in Western Highlands Province
raised the concern after operating on credit for the first term of the schooling
year.

Mr Kona called on the Education Minister and Education Secretary to fast track
the subsidies for the schools that have accounts with ANZ, Westpac, and Nation
Wide Micro bank as they would close the schools for the second term.

"We have been operating from credit since the school year commence hoping that
the subsidies would be paid through the school accounts. But this never
happened, government only paid the first quarter of the money to BSP and not to
other commercial banks. The schools who have account with other commercial banks
have not received their share of the subsidies," he said.

Mr Kona said the subsidies have already been paid to the schools through BSP
bank but they Mun could not receive its part of the share as it operates its
account with ANZ bank.

"This is not good. The first term is almost over and we have not received our
share of the subsidies. We have seen and heard Prime Minister Peter O'Neill have
paid the subsidies through BSP but why the Education Department makes its
responsibility to pay schools that have account with other commercial banks. We
checked with the bank everyday for the subsidies but the respond is negative,"
he said.

Mr Kona urged the Education Minister and the Education Secretary to fast track
the subsidies for schools that have account with other commercial banks as they
feel that they could not survive the three remaining terms.

"We would close the school if the subsidies are not paid in to the school
accounts at the respective bank accounts before the term one of this year," he
said.

An officer from ANZ branch in Mount Hagen whom want to remain anonymous confirm
that schools operate accounts with ANZ have not received the subsidies.

"It's not with ANZ Mount Hagen but reset of branches have not received the
subsidies. We have not received the subsidies from the government for our
clients. Many board chairman from the schools have account with ANZ came asking
for their subsidies by we said nothing was in their account yet," ANZ Officer
said.

The officer said the bank is still waiting for the subsidies to process for
schools that have account with ANZ.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             March 18, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

In case you were wondering where all those EU farm subsidies go . . .

BYLINE: Anthony Browne, Times of London

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 881  words


City dwellers are making huge profits out of an EU loophole that allows people
who have never set foot on a farm to claim European farm subsidies.

The loophole allows investors to become classified officially as farmers and
then buy the right to receive annual EU subsidies to cut agricultural
production. Because the subsidies are decoupled from the land they relate to,
investors do not need actually to own the ground they are claiming for or even
go anywhere near it.

The profits to be made are enormous, with investors potentially increasing their
capital nearly fivefold in five years.

Auctioneers and brokers who used to sell cattle and farmland are now focusing
their attention on selling the rights to receive European taxpayers' money --
known as entitlement trading -- in what one described as a "ferocious" market
with the rights to subsidies "flying off the shelf."

Demand is outstripping supply by five to one, because the profits from investing
in subsidies are up to 10 times higher than putting the money in a bank. After
making a one-off payment, the investor is entitled to receive from the taxpayer
every year a cheque that typically amounts to a third of the original
investment.

Open auctions are being held while investors are also buying the rights to
subsidies over the telephone, through brokers, through Internet auction sites
and interactive trading.

The EU pays 60 billion pounds a year ($136 billion Cdn) in farm subsidies, which
were originally aimed at boosting production, but last year farmers were given
-- free -- the automatic right to subsidies, known as the single farm payment
entitlement, in return for reducing production. They were also given the right
to trade the subsidy entitlements between themselves, but the legislation is so
loose that in practice anyone can officially qualify as a farmer.

British farmers claim around five billion pounds ($11.4 billion Cdn) a year of
the subsidies in return for which they are meant to make environmental
improvements to the land.

However, many are using their new right to sell the subsidies in order to raise
a lump sum when they retire or to pay for new equipment.

Giles Lane, of C&D Property Services, which brokers the rights to farm subsidies
, said: "You don't need a farm to claim the entitlements. Sitting in your living
room in London you could be claiming them. One farmer emigrated to Australia and
he's still claiming the entitlements from there. It seems bizarre, but it's
totally legal. It's how the government wanted to set up the reforms."

George Paton, of the agricultural brokers at WebbPaton, who did 15 deals in one
day last week, said: "This entitlement is detached from land. You pay 130 pounds
($296 Cdn) per hectare, and you get 624 pounds ($1,424 Cdn) per hectare back by
2012. It's better than a building society, but it is high risk."

The money will be paid until the next wave of EU farm reforms, which will not
happen until 2013 at the earliest.

The loophole has been exposed by the Eurosceptic think-tank Open Europe, based
in London, which last month sent a researcher to Inverurie in Scotland to buy a
subsidy entitlement.

Neil O'Brien, the director of Open Europe, said: "This is the final reduction to
absurdity of the Common Agricultural Policy. Only the EU could have created a
situation where people who are not farmers are paid not to farm."

Farmers started trading subsidies between themselves last year, but the
profitability of it has recently brought it to the attention of a wider range of
investors.

Lane said: "There has been a lot more interest. Anyone who bought entitlements
last year was laughing all the way to the bank. You'd get your money back in
three years."

Under EU regulations, only someone classified as a farmer can buy the right to
receive subsidies, but to be classified officially as a farmer, people need only
hold a lease on a minimum of .68 hectares (one acre equals 0.404 hectares) for
10 months of the year, and never need to visit it.

Scottish landowners are now leasing out vast tracts of rocky highland for as
little as five pounds ($11 Cdn) an acre a year, so that investors can claim to
be farmers. For each acre you lease, you can buy annual subsidies averaging 100
pounds an acre ($228 Cdn), but which can rise to over 1,000 pounds ($2,280 Cdn)
an acre.

Spencer Hayes, of the agricultural broker Hayes McCubbin Macfarlane, estimates
that about 80,000 hectares of Scottish highland and woodland are being leased to
non-farmers: "People are doing it massively. We have been leasing 40,000
hectares simply to allow them to meet the European definition of farmer. The
total market could be double that."

Most people buying the subsidy entitlements are other farmers, but many are
investors, including owners of hunting estates, who want their land to generate
a second income. One estate owner, who wished to remain anonymous, told his
local newspaper: "You can play this game like a stock market. What I would say
is that we shouldn't be here doing this; it is a crazy world."

The trading of subsidy entitlements was fiercely defended by the National
Farmers' Union, which insisted it was essential for preserving the countryside.

A spokesman said: "Farmers couldn't survive without subsidies. They ensure the
beauty of the landscape is preserved."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Fiscal Year 2016 budget: government decides to slash power subsidy

BYLINE: MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 142

LENGTH: 874  words


The government has reportedly decided to slash subsidy to the power sector
consumers in fiscal year 2015-16 but uniform tariff policy and subsidy to life
line consumers will remain in place, well informed sources told Business
Recorder. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and Pakistan''s economic
managers reportedly reached an understanding during the seventh quarterly review
mandated under the 6.64 billion dollar Extended Fund Facility in Dubai that
subsidy provided to middle class and rich consumers will be withdrawn in the
budget 2015-16.

The government however refused to accept the proposal of differential tariffs in
different parts of the country, saying that any such decision will create
political unrest. The IMF Mission Chief for Pakistan Harald Finger in an
exclusive interview with Business Recorder recently indicated that the
government had agreed to cut circular debt by 50 percent in the next fiscal year
and by another 50 percent by the end of next fiscal year. Sources in the Water
and Power Ministry indicated that the government is committed to eliminating the
circular debt within the next three years.

The government had earmarked a Rs 180-185 billion subsidy for power sector
consumers in the ongoing fiscal year which was used up in just eight months.
However, after the strong protest of Water and Power Ministry the amount of
subsidy was raised to Rs 222 billion. A senior official of Water and Power
Ministry told Business Recorder that when Nepra determines tariff for different
power Distribution Companies (Discos), the government issues directives to
Ministry of Water and Power to equalise tariff across Pakistan with a firm
commitment that the tariff differential will be made part of the subsidy that is
part of the budget documents. Besides this, the government also allocates
special subsidy for domestic consumers using 50 units or less per month.

"The government extends two kinds of subsidies, ie, one subsidy to keep the
tariff uniform across Pakistan and the second for domestic/ lifeline consumers,"
the official added. According to him, Finance Ministry is to decide which
subsidy will continue in the fiscal year 2015-16 or it will get approval from
the federal cabinet because Water and Power Ministry is the implementing
authority though it is not the decision-maker.

"Ministry of Water and Power''s role in subsidy is zero. We just adjust the
amount of subsidy for domestic or agriculture consumers on the basis of the
amount allocated by Finance Ministry," he maintained. The official, however,
argued that the government should give subsidy up to the point where a consumer
is compelled to save electricity. He gave the example of natural gas which is
very cheap for domestic consumers due to which it is being consumed wastefully.

In reply to a question, he said Finance Ministry allocates Rs 100 billion less
subsidy in the budget than required but later on revises it upward when the
situation goes out of control. He gave an example of AJ and K which is being
provided electricity at the rate of Rs 2.59 per unit whereas Nepra has
determined the same tariff for AJ and K that is applicable in other Discos.

He asked: "The government withdrew subsidy for AJ and K a couple of years ago so
then who will pick up the difference?" Another official explained that the
ECC''s decision of May 21, 2015 with regard to a reduction in subsidy by around
Rs 100 billion in 2015-16 is based on the policy approved by Dr Musadak Malik as
caretaker Minister for Water and Power. The caretakers had supported gradual
withdrawal of subsidy along with improvement in system losses and elimination of
theft.

One energy sector analyst argued that the easy way for the government is to
minimise subsidy to domestic consumers but do nothing for system''s improvement.
Circular debt is now hovering at around Rs 600 billion - Rs 270 billion circular
debt and Rs 330 billion loans are parked on the books of Power Holding Company
Limited.

The ECC of the Cabinet in its meeting of May 21, 2015, considered the proposal
submitted by Ministry of Water and Power on tariff and subsidy rationalisation
and approved the current electricity notified average consumer tariff rate along
with its components and surcharges. Accordingly, no new surcharge will be
imposed on electricity consumers and the average national tariff will be
maintained at current level. These tariffs are closer to the tariffs determined
by Nepra.

The government will continue to apply uniform tariff across the country and
subsidise domestic consumers up to 300 units and agriculture consumers and
continue to pass on the full cost of service as determined by Nepra. Ministry of
Water and Power said that the tariffs as determined by NEPRA are still higher
and domestic (up to 300 units) and agricultural consumers are still protected
through provision of subsidy by the Federal Government. The ECC also considered
the proposal to pass on the full benefit of all negative adjustments on account
of monthly FPA to all consumers except those who have subsidised and special
electricity tariff. This will ensure that the cost of the reduction in benefits
will be passed on to the consumers who are paying higher cost of electricity,
the Ministry added.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Japan News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday
                                   S Edition

More lawmakers got cash after subsidy decisions

SECTION: POLITICS; Pg. 1; No. 23132

LENGTH: 579 words


Many lawmakers of the ruling and opposition parties head local party chapters
that received donations from companies to which the government had decided to
grant subsidies, according to a survey conducted by The Yomiuri Shimbun.

Experts said the revelations show flaws in the current system for political
donations, highlighting the need for a more transparent system.

The Liberal Democratic Party's local chapter headed by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe
received donations from companies to which the government had decided to grant
subsidies, according to the survey.

The survey also found that the Democratic Party of Japan's local chapter headed
by party President Katsuya Okada received donations from a company that had a
subsidiary to which the government had decided to grant subsidies.

In the survey, The Yomiuri Shimbun looked into companies that were granted
subsidies from ministries and agencies, and political funds reports released by
organizations related to lawmakers.

The survey found that, from 2010 to 2013, at least 14 lawmakers of the ruling
and opposition parties received donations at local chapters they head from
companies within a year after the companies or their subsidiaries were notified
about a decision to grant them a state subsidy.

The Political Funds Control Law bans a company from making a political donation
within a year of being notified about a decision to grant it a state subsidy.

The 14 lawmakers include six LDP members. The local chapter headed by Abe
received a total of 600,000 yen in donations from major advertising agency
Dentsu Inc. and Ube Industries, Ltd., a chemicals company, in 2013. At that
time, it had already been decided that a subsidy from the Agriculture, Forestry
and Fisheries Ministry would be granted to Tokyo-based Dentsu and that a subsidy
from the Economy, Trade and Industry Ministry would be extended to Ube
Industries in Ube, Yamaguchi Prefecture.

In addition, an LDP local chapter headed by Akira Amari, state minister for
economic revitalization, received a donation from a company to which the Land,
Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry had already decided to extend a
subsidy while another chapter headed by House of Representatives member Tadamori
Oshima received a donation from a company to which the Fisheries Agency had
already decided to grant a subsidy.

The offices of Amari and Oshima said they did not know those companies had been
granted subsidies. Oshima said he has already returned the money and corrected
the political funds report.

The 14 lawmakers also include five DPJ members. In 2012, a DPJ chapter headed by
Okada received a 240,000 yen donation from Tokyo-based Nisshin Seifun Group Inc.
At that time, it had already been decided that a subsidiary of the group would
be granted a subsidy from the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry.

Okada's office told The Yomiuri Shimbun the company that gave the donation and
the company that was granted a subsidy are different corporate entities.

Abe denies illegality

On Tuesday, Abe admitted that the LDP chapter he heads received donations from
companies to which government subsidies were granted but denied the donations
were illegal.

During a meeting of the lower house Budget Committee, Abe said the subsidies
granted to the companies were for projects that are unrelated to their profits.
Those subsidies are exceptional under the Political Funds Control Law.

Abe added that he did not know the companies were granted the subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday

Iran to begin second phase of subsidy reform plan

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


April 19--Iran will begin the implementation of the second phase of the subsidy
reform plan this week.

Iranian president Hassan Rouhani made the announcement in a meeting with
commanders of the law enforcement forces in Tehran, Iran's Tasnim news agency
reported on April 19.

He did not provide any further details.

Earlier on April 15, Iran's minister of economic affairs and finance, Ali
Tayyebnia said that a large number of people have not applied for receiving cash
subsidies in the second phase of the subsidy reform plan.

Ten million high-income Iranians have been identified so far who can be excluded
from receiving cash subsidies, he said.

Registration for receiving cash subsidies in the second phase of the plan
started on April 9 and will last till April 20.

The Iranian parliament (Majlis) has allowed the government to start implementing
the second phase of the subsidy reform plan at the beginning of the second
quarter of the current Iranian calendar year (June 22).

On January 28, the Iranian Mehr News Agency quoted Mohsen Bahrami Arzi, an
advisor to the vice president for executive affairs, as saying that the Iranian
administration has once again asked rich families to voluntarily give up
receiving cash subsidies.

The government expects about 30 percent of Iranian families to give up receiving
cash subsidies, he noted.

"Currently the number of people who receive cash subsidies is even more than the
country's population," he said.

"Many have migrated to foreign countries but they still receive cash subsidies,
some have two or more ID cards and some are foreign nationals," Bahrami Arzi
explained.

President Rouhani's chief of staff, Mohammad Nahavandian, said in November that
the Iranian administration is not going to cut the cash subsidies of rich
families since identifying such families is a kind of breach of their privacy.

"There are two substitute methods. The first is that affluent families give up
receiving the subsidies voluntarily. And the second is that the administration
creates more jobs for people," Nahavandian said.

Follow us on Twitter @TRENDNewsAgency

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140419-1AZ-Iran-to-begin-second-phase-of-subsidy
-reform-plan-0419-20140419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

WTO consent to farm subsidies

BYLINE:  Ashfak Bokhari

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 351

LENGTH: 809  words


WHILE Pakistan opted to play no role in the recently-ended ninth WTO ministerial
in Indonesian city of Bali, India dominated the proceedings and was able to get
what it wanted: subsidies for its food security programme.

Farm subsidy is an issue that has divided the membership of the multilateral
trade body ever since it was created. The heavy amounts of subsidies given by
the developed countries to their farmers have been distorting international
trade to the detriment of the interests of the developed countries.

Under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, member countries are required to
reduce and gradually end all agricultural subsidies.

What remains unnoticed is that by allowing subsidies to India, the West has won
trade facilitation as part of the Doha development round when it had been all
along a part of the Singapore issues that included more contentious issues of
investment, government procurement and competition policy.

In a way, India's victory on the food security, with 159 member nations
approving protection rather than reduction of subsidies, "exemplifies the
majesty of the hypocrisy of the US and the EU, and indeed the foundational basis
of the WTO", according to Brij Patnaik, a senior Indian analyst. The seeds of
this inequity were sown in the Uruguay Round and codified in the agreement on
agriculture (AoA).

The fact remains that the US and the EU got away with very high agriculture
subsidies simply because they were already providing much higher subsidies to
their farmers when the WTO was created in 1994. This allowed $19 billion
(currently) in trade distorting subsidies to the US and none for 61 of the 71
countries. This was because these countries had none of these subsidies at that
time.

Much of the US subsidies are for crops such as wheat, soybean, cotton and corn,
which are exported and are, therefore, distorting trade. But much of India's
subsidies are considered non-trade distorting since they are mostly for domestic
consumption.

However, Pakistan argues that the minimum support price (MSP) mechanism offered
to Indian farmers by the government distorts global trade as it was adversely
affecting Pakistani exports of rice.

Some Indian analysts, however, claim that India does not provide a MSP for
basmati rice, which forms 40 per cent of Pakistani rice exports in value terms.
If anything, they say, the export competitiveness of Pakistani basmati is
decreasing because Pakistan is not investing adequately in this sector.

Pakistan, one may note, is unable to provide subsidies to its farmers because of
increased constraints on the government and also because of conditions imposed
by the multilateral lenders such as IMF demanding removal of all kinds of
subsidies.

India, however, has been subsidising its agriculture adequately. Pakistan was
represented by its ambassador to the WTO who, despite being chairman of the
General Council of the WTO, preferred not to play an active role and raised no
objections to India's proposal reportedly on instructions from his superiors in
Islamabad.

However, India will have to periodically submit its food security programme to
WTO scrutiny and ensure that it does not sell government-procured food grain in
overseas markets, which could distort international trade. India's Food Security
Act entitles 82 crore people to five kg of foodgrains per person a month at Rs
1-3 per kg.

India had insisted on a permanent exemption from the WTO rules but failed to get
it. The final text recommended working out a permanent solution within four
years. Besides, there are a series of safeguards in the text including
requirements for full transparency and not having an effect that distorts trade
or adversely affects the food security of a neighbour such as Pakistan.

The agreement on public stockholding says that it will be "in pursuance of
public stockholding programmes for food security purposes existing as of the
date of this (Bali) agreement". While this protects India to some extent, it
will not allow other developing countries to adopt similar programmes. It is
also clear that the exemption will not cover non-staple food crops. Para (4) of
the text asked the countries "to ensure that stocks procured under such
programmes do not distort trade or adversely affect the food security of other
members".

Countries such as Thailand, Pakistan and Uruguay, major producers of rice like
India, say that the subsidised Indian farmers could negatively impact farmers in
their own countries. Pakistan's rice producers are reportedly upset as WTO deal
has put their export of $2 billion worth of rice at stake.

Hamid Malhi, President, Basmati Growers Association, who was the lone
representative of the farmers' community from Pakistan to attend the meeting was
highly critical of the government's attitude towards failing to protect the
interests of the country's farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2013 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

Three million Iranian families not to receive subsidies

BYLINE: F.Milad, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 285 words


Dec. 19--The second phase of implementing the Subsidy Reform Plan has envisaged
removing subsidies of some three million Iranian families, the Iranian
parliament's economic committee speaker said.

Nasser Mousavi told the ILNA news agency that the administration is planning to
pay more cash subsidies to the economically vulnerable strata and cut subsidies
of the well-off families.

The Iranian government is facing 100 trillion rials (some $10 billion) budget
deficit due to unlawful expenditures for implementing the Subsidy Reform Plan, a
member of the parliament said earlier.

Ja'far Qaderi added that the government has so far earned 170 trillion rials out
of implementing the plan, but paid around 270 trillion rials to people and
industries as cash subsidies, the Mehr news agency reported.

Meanwhile, the deputy economy minister said earlier this month that there is no
shortage in the budget related to paying subsidies. So, cash handouts will be
continued by the end of the year.

Mohammad-Reza Farzin added that the government has issued a report on the first
nine months of paying cash subsidies, the Fars news agency reported.

If the government does not change prices based on the subsidy reform plan, it
will face around $54 billion budget deficit, he noted.

The subsidy reform plan, launched in December 2010, allows the Iranian
government to gradually slash subsidies on fuel, electricity, and certain goods
over five years, with low-income families being compensated with direct cash
handouts.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

___ (c)2011 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111219-1AZ-Three-million-Iranian-families-not-to-receive-subsidies
-1219-20111219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2011


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               February 22, 2010
                              Business Day Edition

Challenge now is to lessen shock of price hikes for poor

BYLINE: Anton Eberhard

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 1199  words


Eskom tariffs

Challenge now is to lessen shock of price hikes for poor

THE electricity regulator will soon make a necessary, but unpopular, decision.
It will allow Eskom tariffs to double over the next three years.

The decision is necessary because electricity prices are uneconomic and
insufficient to support new investment by either Eskom or the private sector.

It will be unpopular because each of us will be affected negatively. Inflation
will increase, economic growth will be blunted and welfare will be diminished.

How do we best mitigate the negative effects of much higher electricity prices?

Our economy is likely to experience structural changes. We will have less
energy- intensive industries. Mines and businesses will invest in more
energy-efficient equipment and processes. Some will be able to generate their
own power using waste heat. Middle- and higher-income households will reduce
electricity consumption by investing in compact fluorescent light bulbs,
insulation in their ceilings, solar water heaters and other smart
energy-management devices.

But what about the poor, who consume only basic amounts of energy and have
limited access to relevant information and investment opportunities to save
energy?

Already, energy constitutes a significant proportion of their disposable income.
Steep electricity price hikes will force even lower consumption, reduce welfare
and deepen poverty. Designing and implementing an effective and targeted subsidy
system for such households seems both right and possible.

What is not widely appreciated is that SA already has extensive electricity
subsidies, amounting to more than R8bn a year.

There are fiscal subsidies for connecting low-income households (R2,6bn), as
well as a monthly free basic consumption allowance of 50 units (R1bn).

There are also extensive cross-subsidies from Eskom's large industrial consumers
to its small household consumers (R2,2bn) and nonpayment, or theft, amounts to
an additional free subsidy (R2,5bn), at the expense of other paying consumers,
some of them poorer than those not paying.

Of Eskom's 4-million registered household consumers, an astonishing one-third
recorded no electricity consumption over the past year. What is happening?
Either consumers have switched back to other fuels such as paraffin or, more
likely, many of them have worked out how to bypass the meter and are consuming
electricity without paying.

Municipalities, which supply the other half of electricity consumers are, in all
likelihood, also experiencing high levels of "nontechnical" losses. Data are
scarce.

So subsidies (either explicit or hidden) are already extensive. But they by no
means reach all who deserve them.

One in four South Africans still does not have access to electricity. They are
the poorest of the poor, living in informal urban settlements or remote rural
communities.

Dealing with this service delivery backlog would mean an investment of about
R6bn a year over 10 years.

And extending the free basic electricity allowance of 50kWh a month to all
low-income households would imply an annual subsidy of R4bn in three years'
time, when electricity prices double.

Furthermore, Eskom's current cross- subsidies to its Homelight customers would
balloon to R5bn, as would the value of stolen electricity. The current R8bn in
electricity subsidies could easily become R20bn in three years' time.

Clearly the question arises how affordable electricity subsidies will be in the
future, either fiscally or in terms of cross-subsidies from other electricity
consumers.

Some have proposed that more electricity is provided free to poor households
each month. But a more sensible approach may be to look at whether existing
subsidies are well enough targeted - are all those who need them actually
receiving them.

Following international best practice, it makes sense to continue with subsidies
, first, for the capital needed to connect those who still do not have access to
electricity and, second, for a basic level of consumption for poor households,
who can afford only small amounts of electricity.

Eskom's Homelight consumers fall into this category. Connection costs are fully
subsidised and a free basic amount is provided each month.

The supply is limited to 20 amps - households can use lights, a small cooker,
kettle and other small appliances, but not a hot water geyser or full-space
heating.

This may seem a patronising option: we'll give you a subsidy, but only if you
limit your consumption. But the reality is that this supply-tariff option best
matches the consumption patterns of these households.

And the application of the subsidy is simple. Those households who need and want
the subsidy self-select this supply option.

However, not enough consumers are actually receiving these subsidies.

Only 150000 new connections are being made each year and Eskom disburses only
R270m in free basic electricity subsidies.

Data on municipal disbursements of this subsidy are hard to come by, but it
would be fair to assume that they also experience challenges.

One of the problems with the Eskom tariff that is applied to these consumers is
that after the free basic amount, the consumption charge is higher than the
marginal rate of energy production.

Eskom is therefore trying to recuperate some of its fixed monthly costs of
supplying these customers through raising the consumption tariff.

A better subsidy would be to cover all fixed costs, offer the same level of free
basic electricity each month, and then to charge subsequent energy use at the
marginal cost of production.

So we face really difficult choices. Electricity is becoming unaffordable for
the poor. But the scale of subsidies might also be unaffordable fiscally or in
terms of cross-subsidies.

Any new proposals for subsidies need to calculate their full cost if properly
applied, how they might grow in the future and whether they are affordable.

There are a number of additional subsidy challenges.

What do we do about the not-so-poor - those who do not want to accept a
demand-limited supply but who consume modest amounts of electricity and cannot
easily access information or investment to become more energy-efficient?

In principle, one can think of subsidy options, but they are more difficult to
implement and would need more careful study before finalising.

Further ways of mitigating electricity price increases would be to limit the
profits municipalities make from electricity sales.

There is no reason municipal customers' electricity bills should double over the
next three years. While the cost of power purchases from Eskom clearly needs to
be passed on to municipal consumers, the balance of the tariff - municipalities'
own distribution and customer service charges - should rise only by the rate of
inflation.

So the challenge is to understand what is affordable in terms of subsidies and
how best to target and implement them. Hopefully the electricity regulator will
consider these issues carefully before announcing the inevitable electricity
price increases.

oEberhard is a professor at the University of Cape Town's Graduate School of
Business.

'Designing and implementing an effective and targeted subsidy system ... seems
both right and possible'

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                              May 15, 2012 Tuesday

Cosatu warns of ECape job losses

BYLINE: Luyolo Mkentane

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 717 words


'DA march won't change union's stand against youth wage subsidy'
  mkentanel@avusa.co.za
 APLANNED march by the DA today will not change Cosatu's belief that the
government's proposed youth wage subsidy will lead to massive job losses and
divide the Eastern Cape's already vulnerable labour force, Cosatu's provincial
secretary Mandla Rayi said yesterday.


 The subsidy, which is meant to boost job creation among the youth, has also
been rejected by the Grahamstown-based Unemployed People's Movement which
yesterday said the province would be worst affected by possible retrenchments
which could come as a result of the subsidy.
 With 47000 jobs already lost in the province in the first quarter of the year,
Ayanda Kota, a spokesman for the movement, said the subsidy would be the excuse
companies needed to retrench workers and maximise profits.
 The DA, which accuses Cosatu of working against the interest of unemployed
people by blocking the subsidy, is to march to Cosatu offices in Johannesburg to
deliver "strong speeches" about how Cosatu was killing jobs by standing in the
way of economic development, DA leader Helen Zille's political assistant Shaun
Moffit said.
 The R5-billion subsidy, meant to be introduced over three years, was to have
been implemented last month but was postponed after Cosatu put pressure on the
National Economic Development and Labour Council not to implement it.
 The subsidy, which Cosatu has vehemently rejected, proposes a reduced cost in
training and the hiring of inexperienced youth.
  Zille had said the subsidy, if implemented, could create about 400000 jobs.
 Numsa general secretary Irvin Jim joined in the fray at the weekend, saying the
DA was pushing for the implementation of the subsidy to camouflage its continued
support for white monopoly capital.
  Rayi said Cosatu was against the subsidy as it would not help alleviate
unemployment in the province because that would mean the creation of two labour
markets, one for old people and the other for young people.
 "We support a single labour market. If the subsidy was implemented all you
would hear is people being retrenched by employers in favour of employing young
people in order to benefit from the subsidy. People over 35 years could lose
their jobs if the plan is implemented."
 Rayi said the subsidy was not in the ANC manifesto, but the DA's. "It would be
shocking if the government implemented DA resolutions. Our government knows we
are opposed to the subsidy and that it won't continue. That is why they [DA] are
frustrated," he said.
 DA Youth Eastern Cape chairman Andrew Whitfield said: "We want to change
Cosatu's ideas on this. They can't hold young people hostage. There are about
3.2 million unemployed young people in the country. This is not political point
scoring on our part, it's political activity because we have to draw the
attention on the opportunities being lost by young [unemployed] people."
 Whitfield said he was confused about the amount of influence Cosatu had on
people. "We have exhausted every possible avenue to get the subsidy implemented
but they are blocking it."
 Kota said: "We reject the subsidy because private companies' main aim is to
maximise profit by putting a burden on the poor. They are part of the problem of
why people are losing their jobs; they can't be part of the solution.
 "In the Eastern Cape [47000] jobs have been lost already. Now to subsidise
companies while they are retrenching people cannot be a solution. It's like
saying these companies will be patriotic once you give them tax rebates."
 He said the state needed to initiate massive employment programmes and stop
"outsourcing its responsibilities".
  "South Africa is the most unequal society in the world because people have no
purchasing power. The government should implement a basic income grant of R2000
for the unemployed," Kota said.
 ANC Youth League Eastern Cape secretary Mziwonke Ndabeni said: "We will support
that move [youth wage subsidy], but challenges faced by youth go beyond the
youth wage subsidy. We would welcome it as a step in the right direction with
regard to access to opportunities, funding and education."
 Ndabeni said fundamental points government needed to address before
implementing the subsidy were skills, training and educating the youth.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 616 words


NEW DELHI: There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the
registered consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more
than Rs 10 lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday.

The cap will come into effect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of self-declaration at the time of booking a refill
in keeping with the "government's approach of trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so that clean fuel can be provided to those who are
still dependent on firewood or cow-dung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The
ministry's move will ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their subsidy, once the criteria are implemented fully by linking
the PAN number to the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it will
also raise the hackles of a large number of middle-class voters.

That is why the move stands out as an indicator of the Modi government's
political resolve to tackle head-on the issue of kitchen subsidy, one of the
holy cows of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with various ideas to
tackle LPG subsidy but have floundered under political pulls and pressures. This
is the first time that a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front government in 1997 unveiled a comprehensive oil reforms package
with timelines for deregulating fuel prices and removing subsidies. Carrying
forward that decision, the ministry under Ram Naik during the NDA-I rule decided
in 2002 to first freeze -- and then gradually phase out -- LPG subsidy by
raising rates in small measures. But this plan was dumped as polls neared and
oil prices spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy, first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly, households with a car,
house or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy. But the plan did not move
beyond the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on November 7, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had
last month given an indication that the government was looking at stripping the
rich of subsidy with the aim of ensuring more responsible use of public money.

"I humbly submit that the time has come for the government, the finance ministry
can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be given
the subsidy... The question as to who should get subsidy should be debated.
Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket," Pradhan
had told the finance ministry's Delhi Economics Conclave on November 6.

The oil minister was reacting to a question from FM Arun Jaitley, who asked
whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile) programme aimed
at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the subsidy to people
within a particular income bracket.

Nearly a year ago, Jaitley had told a media event in Delhi that "the next
important decision India will have to take is whether people like me... (are)
entitled to get our LPG subsidy".

"I think the sooner we are able to take these decisions as to who is entitled to
these subsidies -- of course some people would be -- the better it would be for
our system. These decisions are all on our agenda," he had said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                  May 30, 2015

Petroleum Subsidy - What Corruption Has Made of It

BYLINE: Sonny Atumah

LENGTH: 1834 words


Nigeria has been entrapped by subsidy since 2011 when the Federal government
envisioned the idea of subsidy removal. The regime of subsidy on petroleum
products had been fraught with dishonesty or fraud as the case may be.

The argument had been whether Nigeria should jettison the subsidy scheme which
had become a tube to siphon funds from the Nigerian commonwealth.

Between 2006 and 2014, over N7 .5trillion was paid out as subsidy claims by the
Federal Government.

Funds for infrastructural and human capital development have been frittered on
the utter of subsidy claims and payments to less than 40 corporate citizens in
Nigeria.

As the administration of Muhammadu Buhari took office yesterday with enthusiasm,
it is expected that this issue be addressed head-on for overall benefit of the
Nigerian people

Subsidy in economics is the money paid by a government or an organization to
reduce the cost of services of producing goods so that their prices can be kept
low. It is to reduce the market price of an item below the cost of production.
It is also called subvention.

It is economic benefit (such as tax allowance, or duty rebate), or financial aid
(such as cash grant or soft loan), provided by government to support a desirable
activity (such as exports) to keep prices of staples low, maintain the income of
producers of critical or strategic products, maintain employment levels or
induce investment or reduce unemployment.

Subsidy anywhere is a cushion; to enhance the welfare and wellbeing of the
people. We have subsidy all over the world; both in the more developed and least
developed countries. In the more developed countries like the United States, UK
and other EU countries, China, all have subsidies in one form or the other for
her citizens.

The Weatherization Assistance Programme of President Jimmy Carter in 1977 has
reduced heating bills for more than 5.5 million low income American families by
31 percent. That is subsidy.

Subsidies in the United States range from tax credit to free parking,
registration, special lane use or cash. The United States offer consumer
subsidies to purchasers of hybrid and electric cars. Drivers get up to $7500
credit. Automobile companies like GM, Ford and Chrysler have been encouraged
through subsidies to produce and sell E85 (Flexible fuel) Vehicles that run on
gasoline (85 percent) and ethanol (15 percent) blends.

Nearly 10 million flex fuel vehicles have been sold and the government has tax
credit as subsidy for producers and users. Corn farmers in the Mid-west states
are being encouraged to produce more for the ethanol content of Flex fuel/E85.
Agriculture in the US is highly subsidized to encourage farmers and also to
reduce the cost of farm produce for her people.

In Canada, subsidy for the use of Electric vehicles attract 8600 dollars subsidy
.

One must point out this fact that the UK, housing, education, health and
transportation are subsidized for her citizens. The various council flats and
mortgages are to protect the people. The UK government in her recent immigration
laws made sure that citizens are protected. If you are an immigrant for the
purpose education, you are not allowed to seek employment. This is to reduce the
level unemployment for her citizens. Drivers are to get 5000 pounds electric car
subsidy from government if they buy electric cars. That is subsidy.

In Europe, the need to reduce the use of liquid fossil fuels has made the
various governments especially the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) members to subsidise the use of Plug in electric vehicles. In
France subsidy is up to 2000 euros and free parking; Germany-exemption from
annual circulation tax for five years; Italy-75 percent reduction of tax rate;
Spain-6000 euros tax incentive; Netherland-exemption from registration fee and
road taxes amounting to 5324 euros over four years.

In China, Plug in electric vehicle, there is exemption from taxes up to 7634
dollars while in Japan, it is between 2000 and 9000 dollars.

As we discuss subsidy it is imperative we know where we are coming from to
determine the right step forward. In the 1990s we started the importation of
petroleum products into Nigeria as a result of inadequate maintenance of our
four refineries. Our refining capacity went down to near zero that we had to
rely wholly on importation of products.

1.Port Harcourt Refinery: Constructed in 1965 by Shell/BP with a refining
capacity of 38,000 barrels per day. It was expanded after the civil war to
60,000 barrels per day. Report on this refinery is that it is old and
practically dead.

Port Harcourt Refinery 2:It was an expansion of the old one in 1989 with a
refining capacity of 150,000, bringing the total to 210,000 barrels per day. It
was conceived as an export refinery to produce Premium Motor Spirit (PMS or
petrol), Dual Purpose Kerosene (DPK), Automotive Gas Oil (AGO). Specialty
products were Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG), Jet Fuel etc. Recent report on the
facility is that of poor maintenance, unreliable for uninterrupted domestic
production of products even at best of times.

3.Warri Refinery and Petrochemical Company Ltd: Constructed in 1978 for a
refining capacity of 125,000 barrels per day. Report is not different from
others. It has a history of corrosion problem, frequent shut down and the
petrochemical section is comatose.

4.Kaduna Refinery and Petrochemical Company Ltd: The Refinery came on stream in
1980. It was to produce LPG, PMS, DPK, AGO, Fuel Oil, Sulphuric acid, lube base
oil, wax, asphalt, urea, powder and liquid biodegradable detergents, etc.

With a combined refining capacity of 445,000 barrels per day, we can get the
following products when we refine locally- 47 percent comes out as PMS amounting
to about 33,204,654litres; 10 percent comes out as DPK amounting to about
7,064,820; 23 percent comes out as AGO amounting to 16,249,086. There is other
by products and derivatives like propane (4 percent); asphalt (3percent)and
petrochemical feedstock (18 percent). The total is 105 percent because there is
a five percent gain when we refine.

Two products for our subsidy examination are PMS and DPK. The DPK in question
here is the house hold kerosene (HHK) and not the second component, the aviation
turbine kerosene (ATK). These products are the ones in contention in Nigeria.

It was reported that between 2006 and 2011, the Federal Government spent N3.655
trillion on PMS and DPK subsidy. In 2011 alone, N1.3 trillion was paid; revised
to 2.19 trillion with the arrears paid in 2012 by the Ministry of Finance. In
2012, N888 billion was allocated for subsidy; N161.6 billion was also approved
in a supplementary budget submitted by the President and passed by the National
Assembly. In 2013, N971 billion was budgeted for subsidy; N832billion was
released. In 2014, N971 billion was budgeted; N414 billion was released. In the
2015 budget, N143 billion was budgeted for PMS (N100billion) and DPK (N43
billion). N154 billion was recently released to marketers.. N1.35 trillion was
as DPK between 2012 and 2013. Between 2006 and 2014, over N5.63 trillion was
paid out as subsidy claims by the Federal Government .Technically more than one
year's budget had been lost to sleaze in the last nine years.

What are we really subsidizing? We are subsidizing dishonesty in the petroleum
sector. In August 2011, the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency
(PPPRA), claimed that the landing cost of a litre of petroleum was N129.22;
margin for transporters and marketers was N15.49; with the expected pump price
put at N144.70 while the official pump price was N65. Government increased the
pump price to N140 and with protests and resolutions, it settled at N97 per
litre.

Government enquiries that followed the protest proved some of us right. The
Farouk Lawan Committee of the House of Representatives that investigated the
operations of the downstream operations unraveled the rot in the sector. We all
watched with amazement the discordant tunes over quantities imported and amounts
approved and paid as subsidy by the operators. At present the pump price is N87
per litre.

Pricing of petroleum products depends on the vagaries of the market. It is a
roller coaster business characterized by sudden, extreme, and often repeated
changes. We neither determine the supply nor the demand side of the market. The
middlemen in the supply chain that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC) 'employ' are business men and women who invest to reap profit by whatever
margin they decide. They are not more than 40 in number.

Arguments have been put forward against subsidy in Nigeria. Some of us have been
acting on the spur of the moment that since there is this artificial scarcity to
hoodwink us we should stop subsidy. It is the fraud we should stop. We say this
because we provide our water, electricity and most other basic needs the state
should provide.

A former British Prime Minister, Mr. Tony Blair recently asked President Buhari
to remove subsidy on petroleum products in Nigeria. That advice was quite
unsolicited for; coming from a former leader of Britain, where the less
privileged are adequately protected with all sorts of subsidies. Nigerians have
been bruised and battered without adequate health care, institutional and
infrastructural decay that need upgrading.

I wish to remind Mr. Blair that Nigeria ceded the oil rich Bakassi Peninsula on
the utter of Green peace agreement because people like him could not offer
advice to Nigeria when it mattered most.

We should have a holistic approach to the problem. Rehabilitating and upgrading
our refineries could prove the magic wand. Once we refine to meet our local
needs, importation will stop. When we stop importation, subsidy claims would
naturally be a thing of the past. Let us give ourselves a six-month period to
work on our refineries, thereafter, we stop importation. Let us not mothball our
refineries as it is happening to some refineries in Europe.

There is a large market for petroleum products in West Africa. Refining locally
can bring down the price of products in Nigeria as it is in these countries that
are petroleum producers: Venezuela (6cents a gallon); Saudi Arabia (45 cents a
gallon)

For now, we need to eliminate the middle men that have taken us on this circus
journey. Before our refineries come on stream, let the NNPC import products
directly and let us know exactly what we consume and what we pay.

If Nigeria must get it right, we should refine locally to stop the corruption
and issue of subsidy in the petroleum sector. That we spent N7.5 trillion in
nine years on subsidy is not good commentary. There is subsidy all over the
world and it acts as a cushion for the less privileged in the society. Nigeria's
has not been well managed, resulting to the massive corruption now threatening
our lives. That's why people are calling for the end of subsidy. Our final
solution is in refining to meet our local needs.

Sonny Atumah is a member of the Middle East Petroleum Club

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             March 8, 1996, Friday

4 BULKERS REQUEST SUBSIDIES FROM MARAD

BYLINE: TIM SANSBURY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1246 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A group of leading U.S. bulk carriers is asking the Transportation Department to
do what the budget- conscious Congress will not - spend millions of dollars to
keep their ships operating.

The companies - Keystone Shipping Inc., Mormac Marine Transport Inc., Atlas
Marine Co. and OMI Corp. - have reason to be optimistic that their era of
government assistance is not over, despite their exclusion from the 10-year, $ 1
billion maritime subsidy program pending in Congress.

Their optimism is rooted in a recent decision by DOT's Maritime Administration
to grant an affiliate of Liberty Shipping Group Inc., another top bulk line, an
additional $ 18 million to help operate five modern, dry-bulk carriers for five
more years.

The money for the affiliate, Brookville Shipping Co., will come from funds in a
maritime subsidy program that Congress established in the 1970s. Marad's
decision in the Brookville case was not subject to congressional approval, nor
is its use of other funds from the 1970s program. Marad declined to disclose the
amount of unobligated subsidy funds.

Direct government assistance for U.S. ships is a policy that dates back to the
1930s. Direct operating subsidies for bulk ships were made available with the
advent of the 1970s program. The purpose is to offset the operating cost
difference between U.S. and foreign ships in competition for cargo on
international trade routes. Higher U.S. wage rates and fringe benefits for
American seafarers constitute the principal cost components covered by the
subsidies. Ships under subsidy must be made available to the government in the
event of military emergencies.

Opportunistic Keystone, Mormac, Atlas and OMI are now saying ''me-too.''

In separate applications, they asked Marad to extend subsidy contracts to ensure
that more than a dozen aging tankers are kept afloat under the U.S.-flag for a
few more years.

Should Marad agree, the practical effect would be the creation of a newly
subsidized bulk fleet of nearly 20 ships at a cost of roughly $ 50 million.

The bulk operators' Marad gambit is, in essence, a backdoor route to continued
government assistance. Dry-bulk ships and tankers are not included in maritime
legislation that has cleared the House and is pending in the Senate. That
program would cover about 50 modern containerships, dubbed the Maritime Security
Fleet. These ships would be available to the U.S. military in time of war.

Congressional efforts in the last several years to extend the nation's
ship-operating subsidy program have not called for payments to bulk operators.
The Pentagon told a Clinton administration working group in 1993 bulk ships
weren't needed for military contingencies.

Marad's decision in the Brookville case came after the company submitted a
unique subsidy extension request. Brookville told Marad it wasn't seeking new
subsidies, but funding based on the ''unused benefits'' of subsidy contracts in
effect in 1989 through 1994. That is, government money it was entitled to
receive, but refrained from taking, it said.

In a classic case of losing the battle but winning the war, Brookville's
creative rationale was rejected by Marad, but the company was granted 10
ship-years in additional subsidies anyway, a duration that bears a striking
resemblance to the 3,638 unused subsidy days it had counted.

In its October application, Brookville told Marad its unused subsidy day count
was based on time periods between 1989 and 1994 w hen it pulled its ships out of
the foreign commercial trades and put them in the higher-yielding business of
carrying U.S. government food aid, a trade protected from foreign shipping
competition under the 1954 Cargo Preference Act.

UNUSED SUBSIDY DAYS

Some unused subsidy days also included time spent carrying assistance cargoes to
Israel, also off-limits to foreign competition.

The express purpose of ship-operating subsidies is to defray higher labor costs
and other expenses related to operating under the U.S.-flag, so that U.S. lines
can compete on an even keel with foreign lines.

There are conflicting views in the maritime industry as to whether lines are
entitled to subsidies when carrying preference cargo. Some consider the practice
to be a form of subsidy double-dipping, while others see nothing wrong with
accepting the benefits of both programs.

Brookville's view is that it had volunteered with other subsidized dry-bulk
operators to pass up subsidy payments on preference cargoes. The company said
without the assistance based on those unused days, the shrinking cargo
preference market and high U.S.-flag costs would force management to lay up the
five ships and request government approval to switch the vessels to a foreign
registry.

That would mean the loss of five of the U.S. merchant fleet's best vessels and
their crews of 21, Brookville said. It also would mean higher government costs
for preference cargoes because the ships had provided the lowest U.S. rates for
large cargo lot sizes.

'NO CREDIT' GIVEN

In a letter granting extended subsidies, Marad told Brookville it gave ''no
credit'' for the unused subsidy days. The agency said extending support to
Brookville to 2001 would subsidize the company's ships to the same year as two
Ocean Chemical Carriers Inc. ships that represent the last of the bulk subsidy
contracts financed under the 1970s program.

Marad announced the Brookville decision just before the Christmas weekend as the
last item in a multiitem, three-page press release. The notice said the subsidy
extension provides for the continued operation of the five-largest, most
efficient dry-bulk ships in the U.S. fleet, the continued U.S. presence in bulk
trades and the retention of 250 seafaring jobs for U.S. merchant mariners who
can be called on in time of emergency.

The statement did not disclose the $ 18 million amount - 10 ship-years at $ 1.8
million - and did not mention that Marad had given no credit for the unused
subsidies. It said Marad would ''consider additional requests from other bulk
carriers in similar situations.''

Marad public affairs officials say the agency will weigh other applications on a
case-by-case basis. An official at the Agriculture Department, a government
customer of U.S. bulk ships, said critically that Marad had not consulted other
relevant government agencies on the subsidy question.

KEY DIFFERENCE IS AGE

Age is a key difference between Brookville's ships and those of the other
applicants. The Korean-built Brookville ships are about 10 years old, while the
tankers are in the 20-year range. One of them, the Charleston, was built in 1956
and rebuilt in 1980.

Keystone said in its November application age should not be a barrier.
Keystone's ships are well-maintained, have additional years of serviceable life
and are uniquely suited for the trades in which they operate, the company said.

Preserving the ships under U.S.-flag would fulfill the same national maritime
policy goals of keeping U.S. seafarers available in time of emergency and
preventing the loss of cargo to foreign-flag competitors, the company said.

''There is no rational reason to deny the same relief'' to Keystone, it said.

An unsubsidized carrier who asked not to be named opposes any subsidy
extensions. ''ODS (Operating Differential Subsidy) is a bad program and it
should die,'' particularly because the policy discourages investments in more
modern, efficient ships, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Taking a leaf from Brookville

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS: Graphic

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2001 Michigan State University-DCL Journal of
                               International Law

                                  Spring, 2001

                            10 MSU-DCL J. Int'l L. 1

LENGTH: 1684 words

INTERNATIONAL TRADE IN AGRICULTURE: WHERE WE'VE BEEN, WHERE WE ARE, AND WHERE
WE'RE HEADED


NAME: Kevin C. Kennedy *

BIO:



   * Professor of Law, Michigan State University- Detroit College of Law


 TEXT:
 [*1]

   Introduction


   Agricultural trade was probably the most contentious issue of the
UruguayRound. As the Uruguay Round negotiations progressed, the issue of
agricultural trade and government subsidies to the agricultural sector came
dangerously close to wrecking the Round. Agricultural products had always been
covered under GATT as a formal matter. As a practical matter, however,
agricultural trade had departed so far from regular GATT disciplines that the
effort to restore those disciplines to this sector, if only partially, proved
nearly hopeless for the negotiators.


   I. Where We've Been


   The original GATT rules for agricultural trade were written largely by the
United States to accommodate U.S. domestic agricultural policy. This
accommodation permitted the proliferation of a wide range of non-tariff barriers
to and distortions of agricultural trade in the form of import quotas and export
subsidies. Even with this considerable con-cession to U.S. demands, GATT
disciplines in agricultural trade were eroded further with the 1955 GATT waiver
for U.S. agricultural trade. The door to GATT disciplines in the agricultural
sector was now wide open. The upshot is that in the years leading up to the
Uruguay Round, the agricultural sector became insulated from the trade
liberalization processes of GATT.


   During the 1965 Kennedy Round, the EC proposed capping subsidies on
agricultural products using a calculation called the margin of support, the
precursor of the Aggregate Measurement of Support adopted in the Uruguay Round
Agreement on Agriculture. The United States rejected this proposal because it
did not include any reductions in existing subsidy levels. The United States
countered with the concept of "tariffication," that is, converting all
non-tariff barriers to agricultural trade into tariffs and binding them in the
contracting party's Schedules  [*2]  of Concessions. Again, another concept that
was to be eventually embodied in the Agreement on Agriculture. Unable to close
the gap in their widely divergent positions, the parties failed to reach
agreement.


   The "soft" GATT discipline on the use of export subsidies contained in GATT
Article XVI was hardened partially in 1979 under the Tokyo Round Subsidies Code.
Article 9.1 of the Tokyo Round Subsidies Code obligated the signatories "not
[to] grant export subsidies on products other than certain primary products,"
primary products meaning ag products. Once again, virtually no progress was made
on ending the use of subsidies to promote exports of agricultural products. As
of 1986, when the Uruguay Round was launched, neither GATT 1947 nor the
Subsidies Code had returned GATT disciplines to the grant of export subsidies on
primary products. If agricultural trade was to be liberalized, GATT had to be
reformed.


   The United States and the 18-member Cairns Group n1 were anxious to add
agricultural trade to the Uruguay Round agenda. The EU was unenthusiastic about
multilateral negotiations that would require it to make politically difficult
changes to the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP). For the EU, the CAP is a highly
charged subject that in many respects is the "third rail" of EU politics. In the
end, the EU relented.


   The hot button issue during the Uruguay Round that split the Quad Members
down the middle, with Japan and the EU aligned against Canada and the United
States, was trade in agricultural products. The United States, joined by the
Cairns Group, began the negotiations with a "zero-zero" position, i.e., all
agricultural subsidies and quotas were to be eliminated over a ten-year period.
In the face of stiff opposition from the EU, the United States backpedaled to a
position that called for a reduction of domestic farm subsidies by 75 percent
and of export subsidies by 90 percent over ten years. The EU, with 10 million
farmers, refused to budge from a 30-percent reduction in domestic subsidies.


   After repeatedly failing to meet deadline after deadline for concluding the
Uruguay Round negotiations, in November 1992, the United States and the EU were
able to compromise on the major stumbling blocks to  [*3]  an agricultural
agreement. The Blair House Accord broke the negotiation logjam.


   II. Where We Are: The WTO Agreement on Agriculture


   The Agreement on Agriculture has three main features or pillars: (1)
increased market access for agricultural products, (2) commitments to reduce
domestic subsidies on agricultural products, and (3) commitments to reduce
export subsidies on agricultural products. The long-term objective of the WTO
Members is to establish a fair and market-oriented agricultural trading system
that includes substantial reductions in agricultural support and protection.


   The market access commitments of the Agreement on Agriculture are threefold.
First, WTO Members agree to a guaranteed minimum access level for all
agricultural products of 5% of domestic consumption. Second, Members agree to
the "tariffication" of non-tariff barriers into tariff equivalents, i.e.,
converting non-tariff measures into ordinary customs duties, and (3) the use of
tariff-rate quotas to ensure that the market access commitments are honored.
Agricultural tariffs are to be reduced 36 percent by 2000 in the case of
developed countries. For developing countries, the average reduction is 24
percent over a ten-year period ending in 2004. The simple average quota fill
rate by principal administration methods for the period 1995-1999 has been
approximately 63 percent, that is, about one-third of all quotas are not filled
in any given year.


   The Agreement on Agriculture's provisions dealing with domestic subsidies
falls short of the U.S. and Cairns Group's goal of eliminating all such
subsidies. WTO Members put domestic subsidies into three categories or "boxes":
an amber box category (permissible but countervailable if they cause injury), an
exempt green box category (permissible and non-countervailable), and an excluded
blue box category (permissible, countervailable if they cause injury, but not
subject to reduction commitments). There is no red box category for domestic
subsidies. Annex 2 lists twelve types of exempt subsidies that WTO members are
free to provide without limit, including the following:


   generalized government service programs in the areas of research, pest and
disease control, and training;


   domestic stockpiling for food security and domestic aid purposes;

     [*4]

   direct payments to producers in the form of decoupled income support (support
that is not tied to production);


   government financial participation in income safety net and crop disaster
insurance;


   structural adjustment assistance provided through producer retirement
programs;


   structural adjustment assistance provided through resource retirement
programs;


   structural adjustment assistance provided through investment aids; and


   payments under environmental and regional assistance programs. n2


   In addition to the green box subsidies exempted under Annex 2, Article 6
excludes from the reduction commitment calculation three types of so-called
"blue box" domestic subsidies: (1) certain developing-country subsidies designed
to encourage agricultural production, (2) certain de minimis subsidies, and (3)
certain direct payments aimed at limiting agricultural production. This last
provision covers EU set-aside schemes and was part of the 1992 US-EU Blair House
Accord.


   Regarding commitments on export subsidies, developed countries committed to
budgetary outlay reductions of export subsidies on agricultural products of 36
percent from 1986-90 base levels over a six-year period ending in 2000. They
also made export quantity reduction commitments by reducing the volume of
exports receiving export subsidies by 21 percent. The commitments by developing
countries are 24 percent by value and 14 percent by volume over a ten-year
period ending in 2004. Least-developing countries made no reduction commitments,
but did agree to a standstill by binding their export subsidies.


   III. Where We're Headed: Future Negotiations


   Recognizing that the WTO's long-term objective is a substantial reduction in
trade protection of the agricultural sector, WTO Members agreed in Article 20 to
continue the reform process by reinitiating negotiations in 2000. What are the
prospects for a successful conclusion of the latest WTO negotiations on
agricultural trade?

     [*5]

   Conclusion


   The positions of the WTO members reveal a sharp divide over many key issues.
Many countries, developed as well as developing, are reluctant to forego
domestic subsidies for their farm sectors. The road to successfully concluding a
new agreement on agricultural trade will be long and bumpy. Probably the best
chance for a successful negotiation of new liberalization measures in the
agricultural sector will be created if a new round of comprehensive and
wide-ranging trade negotiations is launched that gives the parties bargaining
chips with which to negotiate concessions in the agricultural sector. With the
joint, and often conflicting, demands of producers and consumers on governments,
the challenge of reforming agricultural trade has proven formidable. Farm
lobbies, behind the banner of food security, wield tremendous power in the EU,
Japan, and the United States. But the gains to be achieved by shifting to a
market-driven model of farming are no less impressive. If the law of comparative
advantage is allowed to operate, farming will occur where production costs are
lowest. Consumers, taxpayers, and the environment would be the immediate
beneficiaries.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
International Trade LawImports & ExportsCountervailing
DutiesSubsidiesInternational Trade LawTrade AgreementsIntellectual Property
ProvisionsTransportation LawCarrier Duties & LiabilitiesRebates

FOOTNOTES:




n1  The Cairns Group, named after a 1986 meeting held in Cairns, Australia, was
14 agricultural exporting countries that supported liberalization of
agricultural trade. Its members were Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada,
Chile, Colombia, Fiji, Hungary, Indonesia, Malaysia, New Zealand, the
Philippines, Thailand, and Uruguay.




n2  Id. Annex 2.2-2.13. Examples of U.S. green box programs include agricultural
extension services, agricultural research, marketing services, and crop disaster
assistance programs.


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            January 16, 2017 Monday

Impact of ending cash subsidy on fertiliser

BYLINE: AHMAD FRAZ KHAN

SECTION: Vol. 71 No. 16

LENGTH: 631  words


THE federal government last week abolished direct cash subsidy on fertiliser,
touching the raw nerve of farmers. Most of the farmers' bodies, notably Pakistan
Kissan Ittehad, reacted sharply and threatened to launch protests to force the
government restore the subsidy.

The farmers say the sector was put on the road to recovery largely because of
the fertiliser subsidy factor. As the subsidy brought the price down, urea
application went up by 25pc. The DAP off-take was even sharper at 30pc. It
brought cost of production down by almost Rs1,000 per acre on the fertiliser
head alone. It also led to increase in output of almost all major crops and
created an additional financial cushion for farmers.

With the cash subsidy withdrawn, the farmers think the recovery has been put at
risk.

International prices have gone up from $315 to $335 per tonne, and are still
rising. This will reflect in prices regardless of the subsidy

Farmers also fear the domino impact of this decision: if the government has
discontinued the politically sensitive cash subsidy on fertiliser, who can stop
it from ending the Kissan Package, like tax concessions on other inputs like
electricity charges and interest-free credit.

The officials, however, have their own study of the market forces to justify the
step. To begin with, they claim that subsidy on urea had three components.

The government revised the general sales tax from 17 to 5pc, which translated
into Rs187 per bag. Another source of price reduction was the direct subsidy of
Rs17bn, which brought the price down by Rs156 per bag.

Third, the industry reduced the price by Rs50 per bag, as a goodwill gesture.
Two components (GST revision and the industry's reduction) still stand.

Only direct cash subsidy has been abolished because a massive increase in
off-take in the last three months quickly devoured the entire financial
allocation, leaving no money in this head.

Officials argue, even if the urea prices increase, it would only be Rs156 per
bag. The current position of domestic stocks would not permit even that
increase, even if the industry wants to.

The country has over 1m tonnes of stocks at present. They would swell by another
1-1.5m before the next application of urea in early kharif. With such a huge
glut, the manufacturers would prefer to clear their stocks rather than increase
the price. How can it risk withdrawing its own reduction of Rs50 bag?

For the DAP, the officials, however, concede that its prices would go up by
Rs300 per bag due to subsidy withdrawal. The DAP prices have also started rising
of late in the international market, and are governed by it.

The international prices have gone up from $315 to $335 per tonne, and are still
rising. This will reflect in prices regardless of the subsidy.

However, the total impact of the cash subsidy withdrawal and global prices can
take the cumulative price further up and magnify the increase. Official circles
were mindful of the fact but ran short on money.

Both sides, it seems, have their own fears and calculations. However, the
government should have simultaneously reiterated its commitment to all other
provisions of the federal and provincial Kissan packages.

The industry was invited a day after the notification to debate Rs50 per bag
issue where the industry was more interested in its stuck-up subsidy claims of
billions of rupees with the federal government rather than Rs50 per bag
reduction issue.

The farmers are threatening to take to the streets be back on the roads as a
pre-emptive measure so that the government not only restores the direct cash
subsidy scheme but also does not tinker with the rest of the concessionary
regimen, it started with much fanfare last year.

Latest: Subsidy on fertiliser has been restored as of last Friday by PM Nawaz
Sharif.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2017 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                  May 24, 2010

Economics Watch: Economic recovery a window of opportunity for subsidy reform

BYLINE: Anna Taing

LENGTH: 835 words


Most of us recognise the fact that at some point, if Malaysia is to embrace the
New Economic Model, the government will have to take the bull by the horns and
cut its subsidy bill substantially to correct the price and resulting economic
distortions.

Enough views have been articulated to this effect in the past few years. The
dilemma facing the government today is: when and how? This is a tough decision
because of the political backlash it can create. Thus, even though it has to be
done, nothing very much has moved so far.

Interestingly, a similar debate on fuel subsidy cuts is ongoing in Indonesia.
The government there has said that it wants to cut fuel subsidies by 40% by
2013. By the following year, all fuel subsidies should be scrapped as part of
efforts to reduce and manage the fiscal deficit.

Indonesia, though, has made such tough decisions in the past - in 1998 and 2008.
In fact, the government slashed fuel subsidies twice by raising fuel prices in
2008 alone - the first time in March, by around 30%, and the second time six
months later, by a drastic 120%.

Indonesia, however, is a net importer of oil. So it has become imperative that
the problem of fuel subsidies be addressed. But let's not forget that once upon
a time, Indonesia was a net exporter of oil. Malaysia today is still a net
exporter but the day of reckoning, when we too will become a net importer of
petroleum products, is nearer than we think. According to some estimates, this
could happen by 2011.

Let's look at what is happening here.

Malaysia is in the midst of trying to transform its economy, so that we can pull
ourselves out of the middle-income trap that we have been languishing in for
years. To be successful, one of the first things that the government must do is
to restructure its overall subsidy mechanism so that only the deserving get
them.

According to a subsidy laboratory analysis carried out by the Performance
Management and Delivery Unit (Pemandu) between February and March this year, the
government's total subsidy bill in 2009 was a whopping RM74 billion! This,
Pemandu says, is equivalent to a subsidy of RM12,900 per household.

While not all the subsidies are bad, a 50% savings is still a lot of funds to be
channelled into more productive uses.

Even more telling is that 97% of the subsidies are blanket, regardless of income
levels. For example, the biggest component is fuel, and 71% of these subsidies
go to the mid and high-income groups. Malaysia is the highest consumer of fuel
per capita, surpassing Singapore, Indonesia, China and India.

The subsidy bill is not sustainable, not when the government is already running
a budget deficit and its debt is rising steadily. In 2009, the government's debt
of RM362 billion, as a ratio of GDP, stood at 54%, compared with 32% in 1997.
This is higher than Indonesia's 28% and only lower than the Philippines' 62%. We
do not want to be the Philippines, do we?

Come May 27, Pemandu will be conducting a Subsidy Rationalisation Lab Open Day
to display its findings and obtain feedback and suggestions from the public.
When Indonesia raised its fuel prices in 2008, a survey done showed that 70% of
its population was against the move, which did not surprise anyone. Still, the
government made the cuts and it is still in power. Maybe there is a lesson to
learn from here?

Perhaps what is more important during the Open Day is to create awareness among
the public that cutting subsidies is no longer an option. As Datuk Seri Idris
Jala, Pemandu CEO and minister in the Prime Minister's Department, said time and
again at the briefings he conducted on the subsidy revamp, the time to do it is
now.

On a positive note, the ongoing economic recovery should help make it more
palatable for the public insofar as implementation of a restructuring of the
subsidy mechanism is concerned.

Had we done it during the economic crisis, at a time when the government should
be spending more on welfare, it would have been a double whammy for the
consumers.

Indeed the good news is that the domestic economy is recovering faster than
expected. Gross domestic product (GDP) grew 10.1% y-o-y in 1Q2010 from 4.9% in
the last four months of 2009. Of course, what must be remembered here is that we
are growing from a smaller base in 2009, given that it was a year of recession.

Be that as it may, macroeconomic indicators are all pointing to a sustainable
rebound this year. For the whole year, GDP growth is projected to exceed 7%.

Thus, a window of opportunity has opened up for the government to make this
tough decision within the next few months.

A one-off cut will be too painful, not just in terms of political backlash but
also the impact on the economy because of the sudden escalation in costs and
hence inflation. But the revamp should not be too gradual either - there is a
danger that somewhere along the way, if it takes too long, it could be derailed.
A three-year time frame perhaps would give the people and industries ample time
to adjust to the new pricing regime.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                          July 10, 1990, Tuesday, ME2

Europe's farm policies under fire

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


   HOUSTON (CP) - Canada and the United States have turned up the heat on the
European Community to dismantle its system of agricultural subsidies, or risk
scuttling critical international talks to remove global trade barriers.

Prime Minister Brian Mulroney yesterday urged his partners at the economic
summit to deliver a strong message on agriculture so negotiators will start
stalled trade talks moving again.

Earlier, he warned that unless the EC is serious about phasing out farm
subsidies, global talks to liberalize trillions of dollars in world trade could
break down.

"The Europeans in particular on this one are going to have to take it quite
seriously," Mulroney said in an interview broadcast by the CNN television
network, just before leaders of the seven major industrial countries sat down
for three days of talks in steamy Houston.

External Affairs Minister Joe Clark said Mulroney took up the farm subsidy
question during the first round of talks between the leaders late yesterday
afternoon at Rice University.

Clark said the Prime Minister urged the summit to deliver "a strong message" on
trade to break the impasse on the farm subsidy question.

Earlier on the CNN interview, Mulroney called the farm subsidy dispute "very
substantial" and warned failure to resolve the issue "in very short order" would
seriously imperil the GATT talks and hurt all countries.

"It is very clear that unless some significant movement is made to deal with the
question of debilitating agricultural subsidies that the GATT round may be
seriously imperilled and that of course would be to everyone's disadvantage."

U.S. President George Bush pressed the agricultural issue with his summit
partners, especially French President Francois Mitterrand and West German
Chancellor Helmut Kohl, the two leaders with the strongest opposition to total
elimination of farm subsidies.

He also had what were described as tough talks with Jacques Delors, head of the
European Community.

European officials attending the seven-country summit insisted they would never
accept the U.S. proposal for a complete phasing out of the farm subsidies, but a
spokesman for West Germany suggested the seeds of a compromise could be found.

Bush spokesman Marlin Fitzwater also suggested the possibility of a compromise,
saying the leaders' talks on the subsidy question were "friendly and
constructive. Progress has been made."

Still, it appears that unless the Europeans are willing to dismantle the
40-year-old subsidy system - a politically dangerous undertaking at home - there
is little prospect of success as the global trade talks hurtle toward a December
deadline.

U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills said she remains optimistic an agreement
can be found, but she insisted the Europeans must fundamentally change their
agriculture policy - removing export subsidies, scrapping quotas and barriers to
foreign food products and phasing out internal subsidy programs.

While disputes over Soviet aid have dominated the days leading up to the summit,
the impasse over farm subsidies and its impact on world trade developments has
become the main issue for Bush.

The United States wants an agreement to end all farm subsidies and other
allegedly protectionist policies, but faces heavy resistance from France, Italy,
West Germany and Britain. The impasse has threatend to scuttle global trade
talks under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

Those talks, which began in 1986, aim to rewrite global trade regulations,
extending them to practically all the world's goods and services.

Canada is seriously affected by the farm subsidy issue, because as a major
food-exporting country its farmers have been caught in the crossfire of a
U.S.-European subsidy war for world grain markets.

For the past five years, the U.S. government has spent billions to spur food
exports, to match the export subsidies provided by European countries for their
farmers. The subsidies have contributed to the driving down of world commodity
prices and have sharply cut into revenues Canadian exporters earn abroad.

Canada and the other major food-exporting countries outside the United States
and Europe - the so-called Cairns group - generally support an end to
farm-export subsidies and are trying to propose a compromise to bring the United
States and Europeans together.trade; agriculture

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2005 Washington College of Law, American
                                   University
                  American University International Law Review

                                      2005

                          20 Am. U. Int'l L. Rev. 1211

LENGTH: 10645 words

NOTE AND COMMENT: WTO Agreements Mandate That Congress Repeal the Farm Bill of
2002 and Enact an Agriculture Law Embodying Free Market Principles

NAME: Elizabeth Bullington*

BIO: * J.D. Candidate, May 2006, American University, Washington College of Law;
B.A., Political Science and Psychology, Phi Beta Kappa, magna cum laude,
Vanderbilt University, 2002. I would like to thank my editors, Catherine
Harrington and Sarah Seo, for their help, advice and encouragement throughout
the writing process, as well as Scott Rempell and Bryce Coughlin, for their
patience and assistance in editing this piece. I am grateful to my parents,
JoEllen and J. Daniel Bullington, for their constant love and support.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 ("Freedom to
Farm Act") eliminated some government subsidies and caused U.S. trade-distorting
domestic support to remain well below the amount permitted under the WTO's
Agreement on Agriculture. ...  In essence, the Farm Bill requires the United
States Department of Agriculture ("USDA") to allocate subsidies to producers of
certain crops in the form of "direct payments," in which the payment amount
depends on the quantity of the crop the producer planted at some point in the
past. ...  The amount of a direct payment subsidy that a farmer who produces a
covered crop will receive is the product of (1) the "payment acres" of the crop
the farmer planted, (2) the amount of crop that those acres yielded, known as
the "payment yield," and (3) a pre-specified amount of money the U.S. government
will pay for each unit of crop produced, the crop's "payment rate. ...  The
payment yield for a crop under the direct payment system equals the amount of
the crop the farmer produced in 1995, as opposed to the year when the farmer
actually receives the subsidy. ...  Similarly, there is no tie between the
payment yield and current production levels because the payment yield is equal
to the amount of the commodity the producer planted per acre in 1995, as opposed
to the most recent crop years. ...

TEXT:
 [*1212]

   INTRODUCTION

 The Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 ("Farm Bill") runs contrary
to the letter of the World Trade Organization ("WTO") agreements and the spirit
of ongoing WTO negotiations. n1 When Congress passed the Farm Bill, it
represented a fundamental change in the U.S. government's stance on agricultural
subsidies. n2  [*1213]  The Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of
1996 ("Freedom to Farm Act") n3 eliminated some government subsidies n4 and
caused U.S. trade-distorting domestic support to remain well below the amount
permitted under the WTO's Agreement on Agriculture. n5 However, the Farm Bill
resurrected much of the  [*1214]  domestic subsidies and likely will result in
the United States violating the Agreement on Agriculture. n6 In essence, the
Farm Bill requires the United States Department of Agriculture ("USDA") to
allocate subsidies to producers of certain crops in the form of "direct
payments," in which the payment amount depends on the quantity of the crop the
producer planted at some point in the past. n7 The Farm Bill also provides for
"counter-cyclical payments," which the USDA distributes in addition to direct
payments when crop prices fall. n8

   The WTO's Agreement on Agriculture, a product of the Uruguay Round of trade
talks in 1994, aims to curb trade-distorting domestic  [*1215]  subsidies. n9
Trade distortion occurs in the market when an agricultural producer's level of
production or a commodity's price is higher or lower than it would be absent
government interference. n10 Government payments to farmers that depend on the
amount of crops the farmer produces or a crop's market price tend to cause
overproduction of those commodities. n11 The surplus saturates the world market
for that commodity, drives prices down, and adversely affects the producers of
that commodity in other parts of the world. n12 The Agreement on Agriculture
limits the United States to spending a maximum of $ 19.1 billion per year on
trade-distorting agricultural subsidies. n13 In addition to Agreement on
Agriculture restrictions, the  [*1216]  Agreement on Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures ("SCM Agreement") invalidates subsidies that cause
serious prejudice to the interests of any WTO Member. n14 A WTO panel recently
ruled that U.S. cotton subsidies violate the SCM Agreement and suggested that
all counter-cyclical payments under the Farm Bill are illegal. n15

   Since enacting the Agreement on Agriculture, the WTO has begun a new round of
trade talks, the Doha Round, aimed at further reducing trade-distorting
subsidies and tariffs. n16 However, the Round has been seriously delayed, partly
because of the United States' insistence on maintaining its Farm Bill subsidies.
n17 Recently, in  [*1217]  Geneva, Switzerland, WTO Members made an agreement to
adhere to certain principles in continuing Doha Round negotiations. n18 That
decision included a framework ("Geneva Framework") to provide an underlying
structure for a Doha Round agreement on agriculture. n19 The Farm Bill cannot
withstand the provisions of the Geneva Framework and thus almost certainly will
violate a final Doha Round agreement based on the Framework. n20

    [*1218]  This Comment argues that Congress should repeal the Farm Bill and
enact legislation that is consistent with the Agreement on Agriculture and the
Geneva Framework. n21 Part I details relevant provisions of the Farm Bill, the
Agreement on Agriculture, the Geneva Framework, and the WTO's recent decision on
the legality of U.S. cotton subsidies regulated under the Farm Bill. n22 Part II
applies the Agreement on Agriculture and the Geneva Framework to the Farm Bill
and concludes that the legislation is inconsistent with these multilateral
agreements. n23 Part III argues that Congress should repeal the Farm Bill
because it violates world trade agreements. n24 Furthermore, Part III recommends
that Congress enact a new agriculture law that is founded upon free-market
principles and awards subsidies based on farmers' compliance with environmental
measures instead of their production levels. n25

   I. BACKGROUND

 The Farm Bill requires the Secretary of Agriculture to distribute domestic
subsidies to farmers in the form of direct and counter-cyclical payments. n26
However, the Agreement on Agriculture  [*1219]  restricts each Member State's
allowable spending on trade-distorting domestic agriculture subsidies. n27 In
2003, Brazil brought a complaint to the WTO that U.S. cotton subsidies, which
are regulated under the Farm Bill, breach the Agreement on Agriculture, and a
WTO panel issued a ruling largely in favor of Brazil in September 2004. n28 On
August 1, 2004, WTO Members agreed to a framework that calls for further
reductions in domestic subsidies, which will serve as the basis for a new WTO
agriculture agreement. n29

   A. Provisions of the Farm Bill of 2002

   1. Direct Payments

 The direct payment system mandates that the Secretary of Agriculture subsidize
every farmer whose crops fall within the Farm Bill's coverage and who can
establish that he planted and harvested those crops in the past. n30 The amount
of a direct payment subsidy that a farmer who produces a covered crop will
receive is the product of (1) the "payment acres" of the crop the farmer
planted, (2) the amount of crop that those acres yielded, known as the "payment
yield," and (3) a pre-specified amount of money the U.S. government will pay for
each unit of crop produced, the crop's "payment rate." n31  [*1220]  Payment
acres are the number of acres equal to eighty-five percent of the actual acres
of crop planted. n32 The payment yield for a crop under the direct payment
system equals the amount of the crop the farmer produced in 1995, as opposed to
the year when the farmer actually receives the subsidy. n33

   2. Counter-Cyclical Payments

 The purpose behind the counter-cyclical payment system is to provide additional
assistance to farmers when the demand for their crops has decreased and prices
are low. n34 Accordingly, the Farm Bill requires the Secretary of Agriculture to
distribute counter-cyclical payments if a crop's "effective price," or market
price, has fallen  [*1221]  below a pre-determined "target price" for that crop.
n35 If the Secretary determines that a commodity's market price is too low, then
he or she will distribute counter-cyclical subsidies to farmers in an amount
that is equal to the product of (1) the number of payment acres of the crop, (2)
the payment yield of the crop, and (3) the payment rate for the crop, which is
the difference between the effective and target prices. n36 The Secretary
calculates payment acres in the same way as under the direct payment system,
which provides that they are equal to eighty-five percent of the actual acres of
crops planted. n37 However, calculation of the payment yield of a crop differs
for counter-cyclical payments due to the producers' option to "partially update"
their payment yields to reflect crop production in 1998-2001 as opposed to crop
production in 1995, which is used to calculate direct payments. n38 This
difference is significant because it demonstrates  [*1222]  that
counter-cyclical payments take into account much more recent crop production
levels than direct payments. n39

   B. The Agreement on Agriculture

 The Agreement on Agriculture is one component of the Marrakesh Agreement
Establishing the World Trade Organization, signed in April 1994. n40 The
Agreement on Agriculture's long-range goal is "to establish a fair and
market-oriented agricultural trading system." n41 The Agreement sets forth
specific goals of expanding market access by requiring reduction of tariffs,
decreasing the amount of and expenditures on subsidized exports, and reducing
Members' spending on trade-distorting domestic subsidies. n42

   Article Six of the Agreement on Agriculture, which discusses domestic support
commitments, mandates that each WTO Member State must not provide
trade-distorting domestic subsidies to its agricultural producers in excess of a
maximum amount that is specific to each State. n43 The maximum amount of funds
that the  [*1223]  United States may spend on trade-distorting agricultural
subsidies under the Agreement on Agriculture is $ 19.1 billion. n44 The total
amount of trade-distorting support that the U.S. government actually distributes
in a year is termed its Current Total Aggregate Measurement of Support ("Current
Total AMS"). n45 To comply with the Agreement on Agriculture, the U.S. Current
Total AMS must be less than the Allowed Total Aggregate Measurement of Support
("Allowed Total AMS") of $ 19.1 billion per year. n46

   The WTO divides subsidies into different "boxes" in order to illustrate the
amount of relative trade distortion the subsidies cause. n47 The agricultural
subsidies that are the most trade-distorting are called  [*1224]  "amber box"
supports. n48 "Blue box" supports are less trade-distorting than amber box
subsidies because they require recipients of the subsidy to limit the amount of
crops they produce. n49 In contrast to amber and blue box supports, "green box"
subsidies have minimal or no trade-distorting effects. n50 The Agreement on
Agriculture does not require Member States to reduce the amount of any domestic
subsidies except for amber box subsidies, n51 which are the only subsidies that
count toward a Member State's spending limit. n52 Since the U.S. Allowed Total
AMS is $ 19.1 billion, the total amount of amber box support the United States
may spend is also $ 19.1 billion. n53

[*1225]

   C. The WTO Ruling on U.S. Cotton Subsidies and the SCM Agreement

 In September 2002, Brazil filed a complaint with the WTO Dispute Settlement
Board ("DSB") n54 alleging that U.S. cotton subsidies, which are regulated under
the Farm Bill, are heavily trade-distorting and violate WTO agreements. n55 The
Agreement on Agriculture includes a "peace clause," which states that during the
implementation period of the Agreement, a WTO Member may not file a complaint
regarding another Member State's domestic subsidies unless the State has spent
more on subsidies for a given commodity per year than the State spent on
subsidies for that commodity during the 1992 marketing year. n56 First, Brazil
contended  [*1226]  that the peace clause does not exempt U.S. domestic
subsidies on cotton from a challenge because the United States has spent more on
cotton subsidies in recent years than it spent in 1992. n57 Second, Brazil
alleged that U.S. cotton subsidies violate the SCM Agreement because they have
caused, and continued to cause, "serious prejudice" to Brazil's interests by
depressing world markets for upland cotton. n58 The United States maintained
that the Farm Bill's payments to cotton producers are immune from attack because
they do not exceed levels of cotton subsidies provided to farmers in 1992 and,
in any case, do not cause serious prejudice to Brazil's interests. n59

    [*1227]  The investigating DSB Panel concluded that U.S. cotton subsidies
are not exempt from challenge under the peace clause. n60 Furthermore, the Panel
agreed with Brazil in finding that U.S. counter-cyclical payments to cotton
producers violate the SCM Agreement because they cause significant price
suppression and serious prejudice to Brazil's interests. n61 As a remedy, the
DSB Panel required the United States to remove the subsidies' adverse effects or
withdraw them altogether. n62 The current general consensus in the WTO is that
the peace clause has expired, so a Member challenging U.S. subsidies in the
future probably would not have to show that the United States spends more on
subsidies for the crop in question than it spent in 1992. n63

[*1228]

   D. The Geneva Framework

 The Geneva Framework represents a consensus among the WTO Member States as to
the general provisions the new agreement on agriculture will entail. n64
Although it leaves many details for further negotiation, the Framework calls for
substantial reductions in trade-distorting domestic subsidies by all Members.
n65 Under the Framework, wealthy countries like the United States and the
European Union ("E.U.") agreed to reduce their Allowed Total AMS levels by
twenty percent during the first year following a final Doha Round agreement. n66
Also, the Framework stipulates that countries  [*1229]  must cap
trade-distorting support for specific products at their respective average
levels. n67 Additionally, a final Doha Round agreement will mandate substantial
reductions in de minimis levels of trade-distorting subsidies n68 and will
continue to provide developing countries special and differential treatment. n69

   II. ANALYSIS

   A. Farm Bill Subsidies Likely Violate the Agreement on Agriculture

 The Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments likely violate the Agreement on
Agriculture because they are highly trade-distorting and their amounts are
unpredictable. n70 In contrast, the Farm Bill's  [*1230]  direct payments are
probably not a violation of the Agreement because they do not appear to be
trade-distorting. n71

   The Agreement on Agriculture allows the United States to spend up to $ 19.1
billion on amber box supports per year. n72 Under the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act,
the United States' spending on trade-distorting subsidies was approximately $
10.4 billion per year. n73 In contrast, the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical
payments increased spending on highly trade-distorting subsidies by an average
of $ 8.28 billion per year, making the total amount the United States spends on
amber box subsidies per year dangerously close to the $ 19.1 billion limit. n74

   1. The Farm Bill's Direct Payments Are Not Trade-Distorting

 The Farm Bill's direct payments are probably not trade-distorting because they
do not appear to be dependent on current price or production levels. n75 Because
the value of a crop's payment acres equals a percentage of the amount of acres
that the producer planted at a point in the past, there is no link between
payment acres and  [*1231]  current production levels. n76 Similarly, there is
no tie between the payment yield and current production levels because the
payment yield is equal to the amount of the commodity the producer planted per
acre in 1995, as opposed to the most recent crop years. n77 Finally, since the
payment rates remain constant rather than fluctuating based on current market
prices, the direct payments are not tied to current price levels. n78

   2. The Farm Bill's Counter-Cyclical Payments Are Highly Trade-Distorting and
Likely Violate the Agreement on Agriculture

 The Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments are the primary reason that U.S.
agricultural subsidies may violate the Agreement on Agriculture. n79
Counter-cyclical payments are highly trade-distorting because they differ from
direct payments in two important respects: the payment yield can be "partially
updated" to reflect more current production levels, and the payment rate
fluctuates with market prices rather than remaining constant. n80

    [*1232]  The fact that an agricultural producer may use payment yields that
are much closer in time to current production levels demonstrates that
counter-cyclical payments are much more closely tied to current levels of
production than are direct payments. n81 Where a farmer receives more subsidies
for producing more crops, as he does under the counter-cyclical payment system,
he will be inclined to produce more than he otherwise would. n82 This
overproduction saturates world markets for the crops, causing crop prices to be
lower than they otherwise would be, and stimulates the need for more subsidies
to compensate for the low prices. n83

   Since the payment rate for counter-cyclical payments changes with market
fluctuations, allowing producers to receive more money as crop prices decrease,
counter-cyclical payments are dependent upon current market prices. n84 The fact
that counter-cyclical payments are  [*1233]  linked to current crop prices has
two important consequences. n85 First, a system that grants farmers more money
to produce a crop when that crop's market price falls effectively constitutes a
price-guarantee for the farmers, which encourages them to produce more of a crop
precisely when they otherwise would produce less. n86 This overproduction
naturally causes further depression of that crop's market price, which hurts
producers of the crop globally. n87 Second, counter-cyclical payments often can
become unpredictable and volatile since they are linked to an inherently
fluctuating market. n88 Although the U.S. Current Total AMS under the Farm Bill
may be  [*1234]  just under $ 19.1 billion in theory, n89 the reality is that
counter-cyclical payments potentially could expand, causing the U.S. government
to spend more than it anticipated on trade-distorting subsidies and, therefore,
breach the Agreement on Agriculture. n90 Members of Congress were correct to
warn that because the subsidies are linked to current prices, they cause trade
distortion and easily could result in a breach of U.S. obligations under the
Agreement on Agriculture. n91

   The Bush Administration incorrectly asserts that the Farm Bill does not
adversely affect world trade in agriculture or violate the Agreement on
Agriculture. n92 The White House reasons that the counter-cyclical payments are
in accordance with the Agreement on Agriculture because the Farm Bill contains a
provision allowing the Secretary of Agriculture to adjust the amount of
subsidies distributed, "to the maximum extent practicable," if the Secretary
determines that U.S. expenditures on subsidies may rise above the  [*1235]  U.S.
Allowed Total AMS. n93 The Administration's claims are misguided because the
costs of the counter-cyclical payments are difficult to forecast and market
downturns could cause the amount of subsidies the USDA is required to allocate
to rise beyond predicted levels despite the Secretary's theoretical power to
decrease subsidies in anticipation of a breach. n94 Moreover, the fact that
Congress found it necessary to include a provision in the Farm Bill regarding
the Secretary's powers in the event of a U.S. breach of the Agreement on
Agriculture illustrates the likelihood that such a breach could occur under the
Bill. n95

   B. Farm Bill Subsidies Likely Violate the SCM Agreement

 In addition to violating the Agreement on Agriculture, the Farm Bill's
counter-cyclical payments likely violate the SCM Agreement. n96 The DSB Panel
report on U.S. subsidies on upland cotton illustrates the WTO's position that at
least some counter-cyclical payments cause significant price suppression and,
therefore,  [*1236]  trade-distortion in the world market. n97 As cotton is just
one of the covered commodities in the Farm Bill, it is likely that WTO Members
could successfully challenge the legality of U.S. counter-cyclical payments on
other crops. n98 Therefore, the DSB Panel's decision logically permits the
conclusion that counter-cyclical payments on other crops, in addition to cotton,
likely cause serious prejudice to the interests of other countries and violate
the SCM Agreement. n99

   C. The Farm Bill Is Inconsistent with the Principles of the Geneva Framework

 Prior to the Farm Bill, U.S. spending on trade-distorting subsidies constituted
only a fraction of the total amount of support that the  [*1237]  Agreement on
Agriculture allows the United States to spend. n100 Under the Farm Bill,
however, the U.S. Current Total AMS has nearly reached the allowed limit of $
19.1 billion, and this figure does not take into account the market fluctuations
that potentially could push subsidies above the $ 19.1 billion ceiling. n101 Due
to its effect of dramatically increasing U.S. trade-distorting subsidies, the
Farm Bill has been a major obstruction to WTO Member States achieving consensus
in the Doha Round. n102

   1. The Farm Bill Cannot Conform to the Geneva Framework Provision Calling for
a Twenty Percent Cut in Overall U.S. Trade-Distorting Agricultural Subsidies

 Under the Geneva Framework, the United States promised to cut its allowable
limit on overall trade-distorting agricultural subsidies by twenty percent
during the first year following passage of a final Doha agreement. n103 Since
U.S. spending is close to the limit of allowed support, implementation of a new
WTO agreement cutting  [*1238]  allowable support by twenty percent would
require the United States to immediately and drastically reduce the amount it
spends on subsidies to prevent breach of the new agreement. n104 Only if the
U.S. Trade Representative could persuade the WTO to reclassify the Farm Bill's
counter-cyclical payments as blue box subsidies, instead of amber box subsidies,
could the Bill possibly survive a new WTO agreement. n105

   Former U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick incorrectly contended that
counter-cyclical payments do not count toward amber box limits because they are
linked only to price and not to production. n106 First, the fact that the
subsidies fluctuate based on price, regardless of whether they relate to
production levels, is enough to make them trade-distorting. n107 Second,
Zoellick's premise that there is no link between counter-cyclical payments and
current production levels depends on an illusory distinction between using crop
yields from 1998-2001 to determine the amount of a counter-cyclical payment and
using the crop yield only from the most recent year. n108 Farmers likely will
expect crop yields to continue to be  [*1239]  updated and will have an
incentive to overproduce because of the anticipation of receiving a certain
amount of money per unit of crop produced. n109 If there were any doubt as to
the proper characterization of counter-cyclical payments, the WTO's recent
ruling that U.S. subsidies to cotton farmers are prejudicial to other Member
States clarifies the WTO's judgment that counter-cyclical payments are highly
trade-distorting and count toward amber box limits. n110

   Leaving the counter-cyclical payment system intact would force the United
States to breach the Geneva Framework requirement that U.S. Current Total AMS be
less than $ 15.28 billion per year (twenty percent less than the current limit
of $ 19.1 billion). n111 The Secretary of Agriculture could utilize the
provision allowing the USDA to reduce subsidies as deemed necessary, but the
provision's purpose probably was to allow the Secretary to correct small
increases in the counter-cyclical payments due to market fluctuations, not to
implement an entirely new WTO agreement. n112 Thus, Congress likely  [*1240]
would have to repeal or drastically amend the Farm Bill in order to reduce the
overall amount the United States spends on trade-distorting subsidies. n113

   2. The Farm Bill Cannot Coexist with the Geneva Framework Requirement that
Member States Cap Trade-Distorting Support for Specific Products at Average
Respective Levels

 The Farm Bill does not set any limit on the amount of subsidies that the
government may distribute to the producers of any particular commodity. n114
However, the Geneva Framework specifies that Members must impose limits on the
amount of subsidies they distribute for the production of specific commodities.
n115 The recent WTO ruling on U.S. cotton subsidies illustrates the WTO's belief
that a country can distribute too many subsidies to producers of any one
commodity so as to distort world trade in that commodity. n116 Since the Farm
Bill does not limit trade-distorting counter-cyclical payments in any way, it
could not survive a new Doha agreement that calls for caps on product-specific
support. n117

[*1241]

   III. RECOMMENDATIONS

 Congress should repeal the Farm Bill and enact an agriculture bill that
embraces free trade principles to remedy U.S. violations of the Agreement on
Agriculture and to ensure that the United States will comply with a new Doha
Round agreement on agriculture. n118 In its stead, Congress should enact a farm
bill that rewards subsidies on the basis of conservation and environmental
practices and, therefore, is not trade-distorting. n119

   A. Congress Should Repeal the Farm Bill of 2002

 The Farm Bill cannot legally co-exist with U.S. obligations under the Agreement
on Agriculture or potential obligations under a new WTO agreement as outlined by
the Geneva Framework, and it contravenes sound domestic and international
agricultural policy. First, Congress should repeal the Farm Bill because the
counter-cyclical payments violate the Agreement on Agriculture. n120 Second, the
Farm Bill is hampering Doha Round negotiations and continues to pose a threat to
their completion. n121 Third, the Farm Bill is inconsistent with the promises
made in the Geneva Framework and could not co-exist with a final Doha Round
agreement on agriculture. n122 Fourth, subsidies under the Farm Bill cause
overproduction and drive down crop prices, thereby adversely affecting the
economies of many other countries, especially  [*1242]  developing nations. n123
In contrast, world agricultural markets that are unencumbered by
trade-distorting subsidies combat poverty and help developing countries'
economies. n124 Fifth, the Farm Bill could undermine U.S. trade policy by
causing countries to be less inclined to open their markets to U.S. producers.
n125

   Lastly, the Farm Bill's trade-distorting domestic subsidies actually hurt
smaller, family-owned farms in the long run. n126 There is a  [*1243]  general
consensus that the U.S. government distributes two-thirds of Farm Bill subsidies
to only ten percent of U.S. farms, causing the Bill to favor large farm
conglomerates. n127 Many Senators from states with significant farming
constituencies voted against the Farm Bill because they correctly believe that
domestic subsidies cause overproduction of crops, depressing prices and leading
to a cycle of continuing subsidies and overproduction. n128 This hurts
agricultural producers - especially small, family-owned farms. n129

   B. Congress Should Implement a New Farm Bill Based on Free Trade Principles
and in Compliance with the Geneva Framework

 A new farm bill should not subsidize U.S. farmers based on the types of crops
planted, the amount of crops produced, or the current  [*1244]  market prices of
the crops, n130 but rather should grant subsidies to farmers based on their
compliance with conservation and other environmental programs. n131 The Farm
Bill specifies that direct and counter-cyclical payments are contingent on a
farmer's promise to abide by certain environmental requirements, n132 and the
Conservation Security Program in the Bill subsidizes farmers who agree to
implement certain conservation programs. n133 However, these conservation
programs are optional as opposed to mandatory. n134 In a new farm bill,
conservation incentives should be the only factor relevant in determining
whether a producer receives subsidies from the government. n135

    [*1245]  An example of an agriculture program that aims to allocate
subsidies independently from crop production and price levels is the E.U.'s
recently reformed Common Agricultural Policy ("CAP"). n136 The reformed CAP
provides for a "single farm payment" in which farmers receive subsidies in the
form of a flat rate per unit of land so long as the farmers keep their land in
good agricultural and environmental condition and abide by certain other
regulations, such as food safety and animal welfare laws. n137

   With this model in mind, Congress should abolish those subsidies with amounts
depending on price and production levels - counter-cyclical payments - for the
numerous reasons articulated in this Comment. n138 Direct payments should
continue, but not as they exist under the current Farm Bill. n139 The USDA
should not allocate direct payments to farmers based on the amount of crop they
produced in any year or combination of years, but rather should distribute a
certain amount of money per acre of land to those producers who comply with
certain conservational and environmental requirements. n140 If this were the
case, domestic subsidies to U.S.  [*1246]  farmers would not cause
trade-distortion and would assist America's farmers while providing the
government and taxpayers with the benefit of improved environmental conditions
on U.S. farmland. n141

   The E.U. expects CAP reform to cause European farmers to become more
competitive and market-oriented while still benefiting from income stability.
n142 A new U.S. farm bill that mirrors the CAP reform by excluding subsidies
linked to production and price levels and instituting those dependent on
environmentally sound practices would ensure a U.S. agricultural policy based on
a free-market philosophy and in conformity with WTO agreements. n143

   CONCLUSION

 The United States was moving in the direction of promoting free trade in
agriculture until Congress passed the Farm Bill in May of  [*1247]  2002. n144
The Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments puts the United States at risk of
spending more than the $ 19.1 billion per year limit imposed by the Agreement on
Agriculture. n145 These subsidies also are likely to cause serious prejudice to
other Members' interests and therefore violate the SCM Agreement. n146
Additionally, the Farm Bill has been a large factor in delaying the completion
of Doha Round negotiations and almost certainly could not comport with a final
Doha Round agreement. n147 Congress should repeal the Farm Bill and, in its
place, enact legislation that reflects a commitment to free trade principles and
awards subsidies to farmers for conservation measures rather than for the
overproduction of commodities. n148

   POSTSCRIPT

 Since this comment was accepted for publication, several significant events
relating to U.S. agriculture subsidies and the WTO have occurred. First, in
April of 2005, the U.S. Congress passed a resolution regarding the 2006 federal
budget that included a pledge to cut spending on agriculture by $ 3 billion over
the next five years. n149 Second, the WTO has scheduled its next Ministerial
[*1248]  Conference for December 13-18, 2005, during which the Member States
will have an opportunity to ratify a new agreement on agriculture. n150 Third,
on October 10, 2005, U.S. Trade Representative Rob Portman announced that, in
light of the upcoming WTO negotiations, the United States is pledging to cut its
Total AMS (amber box subsidies) by sixty percent over a five-year period. n151
It is unclear whether the U.S. Trade Representative's proposal intends the
reduction to apply to Current Total AMS or Allowed Total AMS, and the proposal
does not specify what percentage of the cut would be made during the first year
or how the United States would achieve this cut. n152

   The proposal is consistent with this comment's assertion that the United
States must substantially cut domestic trade-distorting subsidies to make a new
WTO agreement on agriculture possible. n153 If, as this comment contends, the
Farm Bill causes the United States to spend approximately $ 19 billion per year
on amber box subsidies, implementing a sixty percent reduction over five years
(assuming the reduction would be made in equal proportions each year) would
[*1249]  result in a cut of approximately $ 2.28 billion during the first year.
n154 Thus, the U.S. Trade Representative's proposal, if implemented, would be a
step in the right direction, but Congress would have to drastically amend or
repeal the Farm Bill of 2002 to achieve the proposal's goals. n155


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage & DistributionInternational
Trade LawDispute ResolutionArbitrationInternational Trade LawTrade
AgreementsIntellectual Property Provisions

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 1101-1108, 7 U.S.C.A.
7901-7918 (West Supp. 2005) (embodying anti-free trade agricultural policy); see
also discussion infra Part II (demonstrating that the Farm Bill is inconsistent
with WTO agreements and ideals).





n2.  See Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 101-115, 7
U.S.C. 7201-7215 (2000) (enacting limits on domestic agricultural subsidies and
lessening their adverse effects on global trade in agriculture by decoupling
payments from price and production levels); Farm Security and Rural Investment
Act 1101-1108 (supplementing the 1996 Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform
Act by implementing direct subsidies and counter-cyclical payments without
specifying limits on the amount of funds the Secretary of Agriculture can
allocate to individual agricultural producers); see also 148 Cong. Rec. S4028
(daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen. Bunning) (stating that the Farm Bill
"reflects a fundamental shift in federal agriculture policy" and undermines the
progress of the 1996 agriculture law). Senator McConnell asserted that the Farm
Bill "sets U.S. agriculture policy back 10 years." Id. at S4029; see also 148
Cong. Rec. E778 (daily ed. May 10, 2002) (statement of Rep. Biggert) (refusing
to support the Farm Bill because it reflects a shift in principles from the 1996
Freedom to Farm Act). See generally Dangerous Activities: Trade Disputes,
Economist, May 11, 2002 (explaining that the Farm Bill reintroduced a host of
trade-distorting subsidies for U.S. farmers, which unraveled the progress made
by the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996), available at
LEXIS, News Library, ECON File; David E. Sanger, Reversing Course, Bush Signs
Bill Raising Farm Subsidies, N.Y. Times, May 14, 2002, at A16 (contrasting the
Farm Bill, which increased domestic subsidies by $ 83 billion over a ten-year
period for a total of $ 190 billion, with the Freedom to Farm Act, through which
lawmakers intended to decrease government payments to agricultural producers),
available at LEXIS, News Library, NYT File.





n3.  Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 115 (amending the
Food Security Act of 1985, specifying that "payment limitations," such as the
total amount of direct payments to farmers, cannot exceed $ 40,000 per producer
per year).





n4.  See 148 Cong. Rec. E778 (daily ed. May 10, 2002) (statement of Rep.
Biggert) (maintaining that the Freedom to Farm Act was an effort to gradually
lessen farmers' support on domestic subsidies and allow the market to "dictate
prices and production levels"); see also 148 Cong. Rec. S4028 (daily ed. May 8,
2002) (statement of Sen. Bunning) (documenting that the Freedom to Farm Act
moved U.S. agriculture policy toward a free-market approach by diminishing
subsidies and giving farmers the "flexibility to plant crops that would allow
them to make a decent living").





n5.  See Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh Agreement
Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, 1867 U.N.T.S. 410
[hereinafter Agreement on Agriculture] (providing an agreement among WTO Member
States to reduce the amount of domestic subsidies each Member provides to its
agricultural producers), available at http://www.wto.org/english/docs e/legal
e/14-ag.pdf (last visited Sept. 9, 2005); id. art. 6(3) (limiting U.S. spending
on trade-distorting agricultural subsidies to $ 19.1 billion per year); see also
Clete D. Johnson, Note, A Barren Harvest for the Developing World? Presidential
"Trade Promotion Authority" and the Unfulfilled Promise of Agriculture
Negotiations in the Doha Round, 32 Ga. J. Int'l & Comp. L. 437, 456 (2004)
(reporting that the Freedom to Farm Act reduced trade-distorting subsidies so
that the U.S. Total Aggregate Measure of Support in 1998 was only $ 10.4
billion); Dangerous Activities, supra note 2 (explaining that the Freedom to
Farm Act's phasing out of trade-distorting subsidies kept the United States well
within the $ 19.1 billion limit, and that U.S. Total AMS was likely to decrease
more under the Act); Frederick Nelson, U.S. Ag Policy - Well Below WTO Ceilings
on Domestic Support, Agric. Outlook, Oct. 1997, at 26-32 (listing actual and
projected U.S. Total AMS under the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act, as well as under
the limits imposed by the Agreement on Agriculture), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/agoutlook/oct1997/ao245h.pdf (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005).





n6.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4137 (daily ed. May 9, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Specter) (asserting that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments will
encourage overproduction and drive down prices, which will lead to more
subsidies and may cause the United States to breach the Agreement on
Agriculture); see also Gregor Kreuzhuber, Questions & Answers - US Farm Bill
(May 15, 2002) (expecting the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments to cause a
breach of U.S. obligations under the Agreement on Agriculture), available
through http://www.agricultural convention.org/ (last visited Sept. 9, 2005);
Congress at the Trough, Chi. Trib, May 6, 2002, at 14 (arguing that the Farm
Bill's subsidies will cause overproduction, which in turn will cause trade
distortion), available at LEXIS, News Library, CHTRIB File; Dangerous
Activities, supra note 2 (maintaining that the Farm Bill puts the United States
at risk of breaking its commitments under the Agreement on Agriculture and that
"America's commitment to freer trade looks laughable"); discussion infra Part
II.A (demonstrating how the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments likely violate
the Agreement on Agriculture because they cause overproduction and price
suppression and are prone to expansion, thereby causing trade distortion and
putting the United States at risk of spending more than the Agreement allows).





n7.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 1103, 7 U.S.C.A. 7901
-7918 (West Supp. 2005) (providing that the Secretary of Agriculture must give
direct payments to producers whose farms have set payment amounts and base
acres); see also discussion infra Part I.A.1 (explaining the fundamentals of the
direct payment system under the 2002 Farm Bill).





n8.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104 (specifying that the USDA
must distribute counter-cyclical payments for a commodity if it determines that
the commodity's target price exceeds its effective price); see also discussion
infra Part I.A.2 (summarizing the purpose and method of counter-cyclical payment
distribution).





n9.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6 (providing that WTO
Members must temper domestic support initiatives).





n10.  See, e.g., World Trade Org., Understanding the WTO 26 (2003) [hereinafter
Understanding the WTO] (describing what trade distortion is, what causes it, and
its common effects), available at http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/whatis
e/tif e/understanding e.pdf (last visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n11.  See id. at 28 (explaining that measures that bolster local prices or
support production levels can lead to overproduction); see also Daniel T.
Griswold, Farm Bill Follies, Presentation at Cato Institute Policy Forum (June
6, 2002) (maintaining that subsidies guaranteeing prices cause production levels
to remain steady when the market indicates that production should fall), at
http://www.freetrade.org/pubs/speeches/dg-060602.html (last visited Sept. 9,
2005).





n12.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Bunning) (remarking that the Farm Bill's production incentives will result in
subsidized crop overproduction, causing world prices of those commodities to
fall); see also Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 28 (stipulating that
the overproduction of commodities results in dumping of low-priced goods on the
international market, which hurts developing countries); Daniel Altman, Global
Trade Looking Glass: Can U.S. Have It Both Ways?, N.Y. Times, Nov. 9, 2002, at
C1 (observing that critics of the Farm Bill predict that it will persuade
farmers to overproduce, which in turn will weaken world prices for the
overproduced goods), available at LEXIS, News Library, NYT File.





n13.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6(3) (providing that a
WTO Member State meets its domestic support reduction obligations if its
agricultural domestic subsidies in any one year, measured as the Current Total
Aggregate Measurement of Support ("Current Total AMS"), do not surpass the
maximum amount); see also Press Conference, U.S. Trade Representative Robert
Zoellick, USTR Zoellick Discusses the Successful Conclusion of Meetings of the
WTO's General Council in Geneva, Switzerland (Aug. 1, 2004) [hereinafter
Zoellick Press Conference], at http://www.ustr.gov/Document
Library/Transcripts/2004/August/Transcript of Press Conference with USTR
Zoellick At the Conclusion of WTO General Council Meeting, Geneva, Switzerl.html
(last visited Sept. 9, 2005); Johnson, supra note 5, at 454-55 (clarifying that
the ceiling of $ 19.1 billion per year means that the United States has agreed
to limit its Current Total AMS to this amount).





n14.  See Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15, 1994,
Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, art. 5,
1869 U.N.T.S. 14 [hereinafter SCM Agreement] (stating that WTO Member States may
not allow subsidies to injure "the domestic industry of another Member" or
strongly influence another Member's interests), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/docs e/legal e/24-scm.pdf (last visited Sept. 9,
2005).





n15.  See Panel Report, United States - Subsidies on Upland Cotton, at 350-51,
WT/DS267/R (Sept. 8, 2004) [hereinafter WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies]
(requiring the United States to "remove the adverse effects" of its
counter-cyclical payments to cotton producers or withdraw them altogether),
available at http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/dispu e/267r a e.pdf (last
visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n16.  See World Trade Organization, Ministerial Declaration of 14 November 2001,
P 13, WT/MIN(01)/DEC/1, 41 I.L.M. 746 (2002) [hereinafter Doha Declaration]
(reaffirming the Uruguay Round's commitment to "correct and prevent restrictions
and distortions" in global agricultural trade), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/minist e/min01 e/mindecl e.pdf (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005). The declaration provided that the Doha Round's goals are
"substantial improvements in market access; reductions of, with a view to
phasing out, all forms of export subsidies; and substantial reductions in
trade-distorting domestic support." Id.





n17.  See Cancun's Charming Outcome: Breakdown in Cancun, Economist, Sept. 20,
2003 (outlining the purpose of the Doha Trade Round, discussing the breakdown of
talks in Cancun, Mexico, and analyzing its likely impact on global trade),
available at LEXIS, News Library, ECON File. The original deadline for reaching
an agreement in the Doha Round was January 1, 2005, but the failure of
negotiations in September 2003 at the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference in
Cancun, Mexico greatly reduced the chance of meeting this goal. Id.; see also
Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 91 (describing the division among WTO
Members over agricultural issues at the ministerial conference in Cancun on
September 10-14, 2003); The WTO Under Fire - The Doha Round, Economist, Sept.
20, 2003 (opining that the collapse at Cancun puts multilateral trade
negotiations in peril and negates any possibility of the WTO achieving consensus
by the original deadline), available at LEXIS, News Library, ECON File. The
Economist attributed the blame for the breakdown of negotiations to both the
rich and poor countries. Id. For instance, the United States was unwilling to
curb its cotton subsidies, and many of the poorest countries made demands on the
rich countries while doing nothing to lower their own trade barriers. Id.





n18.  See WTO Doha Work Programme, Decision Adopted by the General Council 3,
WT/L/579 (Aug. 2, 2004) [hereinafter Doha Decision] (calling on all WTO Member
States to focus their efforts on reaching a final Doha Round agreement and
promulgating a framework for agricultural and nonagricultural market access
negotiations), available at http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/dda e/ddadraft
31jul04 e.pdf (last visited Sept. 9, 2005). The Doha Decision specified that the
new deadline for completion of negotiations is December 2005 at the Sixth WTO
Ministerial Conference in Hong Kong, China. Id.; see also Press Release, World
Trade Org., Supachai Welcomes Input from the Five as a Key First Step (July 29,
2004) [hereinafter Input from the Five] (noting that ministers from the United
States, E.U., Australia, Brazil, and India met in Geneva from July 28-29, 2004,
and agreed on some preliminary matters regarding a new agriculture agreement),
available at http://www.wto.org/english/news e/news04 e/dda package sum 28
29july04 e.htm (last visited Sept. 9, 2005); Press Release, World Trade Org.,
Round-the-Clock Meetings Produce "Historic" Breakthrough (July 31, 2004)
[hereinafter Historic Breakthrough] (explaining that the WTO's 147 countries
approved the Doha Decision in the early morning of Aug. 1, 2004), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/news e/news04 e/dda package sum 31july04 e.htm (last
visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n19.  See WTO Doha Work Programme, Decision Adopted by the General Council,
Annex A: Framework for Establishing Modalities in Agriculture, at A-1, WT/L/579
(Aug. 2, 2004) [hereinafter Geneva Framework] (calling for an abolition of all
export subsidies, a substantial reduction in trade-distorting domestic subsidies
, and lower tariffs to improve market access), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/dda e/ddadraft 31jul04 e.pdf (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005).





n20.  See discussion infra Part II.B (demonstrating that the Farm Bill violates
those provisions of the Geneva Framework that require a twenty percent decrease
in allowable trade-distorting subsidies, reductions on blue box subsidies, and
caps on product-specific support).





n21.  See discussion infra Part III (suggesting that Congress should repeal the
Farm Bill for several legal and policy reasons and implement an agriculture bill
dedicated to free market principles that rewards farmers for conservation
measures).





n22.  See discussion infra Part I (providing background on the Farm Bill's
direct and counter-cyclical payments, the provisions of the Agreement on
Agriculture and the Geneva Framework relevant to the Farm Bill, and the WTO's
decision to declare U.S. cotton subsidies illegal).





n23.  See discussion infra Part II (finding that the Farm Bill's
counter-cyclical payments, but not its direct payments, likely violate the
Agreement on Agriculture and the Geneva Framework).





n24.  See discussion infra Part III.A (recommending that Congress repeal the
Farm Bill because it violates the Agreement on Agriculture and the Geneva
Framework and hurts both domestic and international agricultural producers in
the long term).





n25.  See discussion infra Part III.B (suggesting that the United States model a
new farm bill after an E.U. policy that farmers should have income stability
linked to their participation in environmental and conservational programs).





n26.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 1103, 7 U.S.C.A. 7913
(West Supp. 2005) (explaining the availability of direct payments to farmers).
The Farm Bill also requires distribution of counter-cyclical payments to
agricultural producers of certain commodities that depend on crop production
levels and market prices. Id. 1104.





n27.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6 (requiring each State
to reduce its permitted levels of spending on trade-distorting domestic
support); see also Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 28-29 (specifying
that developed countries agreed to reduce the maximum amount that they may spend
on trade-distorting domestic subsidies by twenty percent over six years).





n28.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 1 (stating that
Brazil requested that a WTO panel investigate its allegation that U.S. subsidies
to upland cotton producers violated the Agreement on Agriculture). The Dispute
Settlement Body ("DSB") Panel found that some U.S. cotton subsidies are heavily
trade-distorting and prejudicial to Brazil's interests. Id. at 349-50.





n29.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, 18 (providing that a new agreement
will contain an abolition on export subsidies and significant reductions in
trade-distorting domestic subsidies and tariffs).





n30.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1103 (requiring the Secretary
of Agriculture to make direct payments to farmers during the years of 2002-2007
for the crops the agreement covers).





n31.  Id. 1103(c). Payment rates during 2002-2007 for the commodities covered by
the Farm Bill are: (1) wheat at $ 0.52 per bushel; (2) corn at $ 0.28 per
bushel; (3) grain sorghum at $ 0.35 per bushel; (4) barley at $ 0.24 per bushel;
(5) oats at $ 0.024 per bushel; (6) upland cotton at $ 0.0667 per pound; (7)
rice at $ 2.35 per hundredweight; (8) soybeans at $ 0.44 per bushel; and (9)
other oilseeds at $ 0.0080 per pound). Id. 1103(b).





n32.  See id. 1101(f) (defining payment acres in terms of base acres, or actual
acres planted). An agricultural producer may select one of the following two
methods for the Secretary to use in calculating the base acres of a crop: (1)
the four-year average of the acreage of the crop planted during 1998-2001 plus
the four-year average of any acreage on the farm that the farmer could not plant
due to conditions beyond his control, such as a draught or flood; or (2) the sum
of the acreage the Secretary of Agriculture used to distribute a payment in 2002
under the Freedom to Farm Act. Id. 1101(a)(1)(A)-(B). However, if the farmer
produces an oilseed crop, then the crop's number of base acres must equal the
four-year average of eligible oilseed acreage on the farm during the 1998-2001
crop years. Id. 1101(a)(1)(B)(ii).





n33.  See id. 1102(b) (specifying that the payment yield of a crop for purposes
of calculating a direct payment equals the yield of that crop in the 1995
harvest year). If a farm did not produce a certain crop in 1995 that the Farm
Bill covers, then the Secretary will assign a payment yield to the crop
according to the payment yield for that crop in 1995 on similar farms. Id.
1102(c).





n34.  See id. 1104 (explaining the conditions under which the USDA must
distribute additional subsidies in the form of counter-cyclical payments); see
also Altman, supra note 12 (expressing that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical
payments protect farmers from slumps in the business cycle, which critics say
encourages farmers to overproduce); Press Release, White House, President Signs
Farm Bill (May 13, 2002) [hereinafter President Signs Farm Bill] (contending
that the Bill provides extra assistance to farmers "when times are tough"), at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/news/releases/2002/05/20020513-2.html (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005).





n35.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104(a) (illustrating that the
purpose behind the counter-cyclical payments is to compensate for market
fluctuations). The "effective price" of a crop is the payment rate for the
purpose of making direct payments with respect to that crop plus the higher of
the following: (1) the national average market price during the twelve month
marketing year for the crop, or (2) the national average loan rate for a
marketing assistance loan for the covered commodity. Id. 1104(b). The target
prices for covered crops from 2004-2007 are as follows: (1) wheat at $ 3.92 per
bushel; (2) corn at $ 2.63 per bushel; (3) grain sorghum at $ 2.57 per bushel;
(4) barley at $ 2.24 per bushel; (5) oats at $ 1.44 per bushel; (6) upland
cotton at $ 0.7240 per pound; (7) rice at $ 10.50 per hundredweight; (8)
soybeans at $ 5.80 per bushel; and (9) other oilseeds at $ 0.1010 per pound. Id.





n36.  See id. 1104(e) (promulgating the recommended formula to use in
determining the amount of a counter-cyclical payment). Payment rates and,
therefore, the amount of counter-cyclical payments, depend on market
fluctuations. Id. 1104(d).





n37.  See id. 1101(a)-(f) (specifying how the Secretary calculates base acres
and payment acres for both direct payments and counter-cyclical payments).





n38.  See id. 1102(b) (describing "payment yield" for a covered crop for
purposes of direct and counter-cyclical payments as the amount of the crop
produced in 1995); see also id. 1102(e) (allowing producers to partially update
the crop yields for purposes of counter-cyclical payments). The Farm Bill
provides two methods a producer may use in calculating an updated payment yield
for a crop. Id. 1102(e)(3). First, an updated yield can be equal to the sum of
(a) the payment yield applicable to direct payments, and (b) seventy percent of
the difference between the payment yield for direct payments and the average
yield per planted acre of the crop during the 1998-2001 crop years. Id.
1102(e)(3)(A). Second, a farmer can choose an updated crop payment yield as
equal to ninety-three and one-half percent of the average yield per planted acre
of the crop over the 1998-2001 crop years. Id. 1102(e)(3)(B).





n39.  See discussion infra Part II.A.2 (explaining that using more current
production levels in calculating counter-cyclical payments contributes to the
trade-distorting character of these subsidies).





n40.  See Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Apr.
15, 1994, 33 I.L.M. 1125 (1994) [hereinafter WTO Agreement] (establishing a
single institution to govern international trade, which encompasses the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade and many other agreements), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/docs e/legal e/04-wto.pdf (last visited Sept. 9,
2005).





n41.  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, pmbl. (stating further that the
Agreement's long-term objectives aim to reduce and prevent restrictions in
international trade and measures that distort world agricultural markets).





n42.  See id. (specifying that the parties to the Agreement have committed to
improving market access and reducing domestic support and export competition);
see also Carmen G. Gonzalez, Institutionalizing Inequality: The WTO Agreement on
Agriculture, Food Security, and Developing Countries, 27 Colum. J. Envtl. L.
433, 452-53 (2002) (providing an overview of the major provisions of the
Agreement on Agriculture); Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 29-31
(explaining the basic reduction commitments contained in the Agreement).





n43.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6(3) (stating that a
Member State remains in compliance with the Agreement so long as its Current
Total AMS does not exceed the country's "final bound commitment level"). The sum
of a country's domestic support to agricultural producers constitutes that
country's "Total Aggregate Measurement of Support," or "Total AMS," and the sum
of domestic support that a country provides during any one year is called
"Current Total AMS." Id. art. 1(h). A Member State calculates its final bound
commitment level in relation to the country's "Base Total AMS," which is the
total amount of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies the country allocated to
its producers during the base period of 1986-88. Id. Annex 3; see also
Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 28-29 (clarifying that developed
countries agreed to reduce trade-distorting domestic subsidies by twenty percent
over six years, using the amount of domestic support the countries provided in
1986-1988 as base years).





n44.  See Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13; see also World Trade Org.,
Agriculture Negotiations: Background Fact Sheet, Domestic Support in Agriculture
[hereinafter Domestic Support Boxes] (providing that a country's maximum amount
of permitted subsidies is also known as its Allowed Total Aggregate Measurement
of Support), at http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/agric e/agboxes e.htm (last
visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n45.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6(3) (defining Current
Total AMS as a country's total amount of trade-distorting domestic support
measures allocated to agricultural producers in a given year); see also
Gonzalez, supra note 42, at 457 (explaining that Current Total AMS provides the
measure of a country's compliance with the Agreement on Agriculture).





n46.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, Annex 3 (detailing the method
by which a country must calculate its Current Total AMS); see also Zoellick
Press Conference, supra note 13 (specifying that the U.S. Allowed Total AMS
equals approximately $ 19.1 billion per year).





n47.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6 (distinguishing
subsidies that Member States do not have to reduce from those that count towards
a country's Allowed Total AMS); see also Domestic Support Boxes, supra note 44
(facilitating an understanding of the Agreement on Agriculture by characterizing
subsidies as falling into different boxes).





n48.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 6(4) (specifying that the
most trade-distorting domestic subsidies, with certain de minimis exceptions,
fall into the amber box). Trade-distorting subsidies are de minimis and,
therefore, do not fall into the amber box when (1) product-specific domestic
support does not exceed five percent of the total value of production of that
specific product during the relevant year, and (2) non-product-specific support
amounts to no greater than five percent of the value of the Member's total
agricultural production. Id.





n49.  See id. art. 6(5) (recognizing an exception for trade-distorting subsidies
that require agricultural producers to limit production). These blue box
supports, which do not count toward a Member State's limit, are "direct payments
under production-limiting programmes" that also are (1) based on fixed area and
yields, (2) made on eighty-five percent or less of the base level of production,
or (3) livestock payments that are made on a fixed number. Id.





n50.  See id. Annex 2. A subsidy falls into the green box if it (1) comes from a
publicly-funded government program not involving transfers from consumers, and
(2) does not have the effect of providing price support to producers. Id.





n51.  See Domestic Support Boxes, supra note 44 (explaining that Members must
reduce "amber box" subsidies but do not have to reduce "blue box" or "green box"
subsidies). Each WTO Member State may spend a fixed amount of amber box support
on its agriculture producers. See id.





n52.  See Johnson, supra note 5, at 455 (noting that amber box subsidies count
against a Member State's Allowed Total AMS); see also Domestic Support Boxes,
supra note 44 (demonstrating that a Member's Current Total AMS represents the
amount of amber box subsidies that the Member has spent).





n53.  See Johnson, supra note 5, at 454-55 (explaining that a limit of $ 19.1
billion per year means that the United States has agreed to limit its Current
Total AMS to this amount); see also Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13.





n54.  See Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of
Disputes, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade
Organization, Annex 2, art. 6, 33 I.L.M. 1225, 1226 (1994) [hereinafter Dispute
Settlement Understanding] (establishing that if a Member requests that a panel
review a matter, the DSB may elect to establish a panel at its next meeting),
available at http://www.wto.org/english/docs e/legal e/28-dsu.pdf (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005).





n55.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 1-2 (describing
Brazil's allegation that U.S. subsidies on upland cotton were in violation of
the Agreement on Agriculture, the SCM Agreement, and other WTO agreements). The
Brazil Government requested consultation with the U.S. government in September
2002 regarding certain subsidies provided to U.S. producers, users, and
exporters of upland cotton and the laws governing those subsidies. Id. at 1. The
two governments met for several consultations but were unable to settle the
dispute. Id. Therefore, Brazil requested that the WTO establish a DSB Panel to
examine the matter pursuant to the Dispute Settlement Understanding, Article 6,
and the Agreement on Agriculture, Article 19. Id. at 1; see also Agreement on
Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 19 (providing that the Dispute Settlement
Understanding governs the settlement of disputes under this Agreement). See
generally Unpicking Cotton Subsidies, Economist, Apr. 30, 2004 (documenting that
Brazil was the first WTO Member to challenge a rich country's agriculture
subsidies), available at http://www.economist.com/agenda/displaystory.cfm?story
id=2626900 (last visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n56.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, art. 13(b)(iii) (stating that
domestic support measures that fully conform to the Agreement shall receive
exemption from actions filed by other Members "provided that such measures do
not grant support to a specific commodity in excess of that decided during the
1992 marketing year"); see also Press Release, Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative, WTO Panel Issues Mixed Verdict in Cotton Case (Sept. 8, 2004)
[hereinafter Mixed Verdict] (describing that the purpose of the peace clause was
to prevent WTO Members from challenging subsidy measures during the Agreement on
Agriculture's implementation period), at http://www.ustr.gov/Document
Library/Press Releases/2004/September/WTO Panel Issues Mixed Verdict in Cotton
Case printer.html (last visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n57.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 2-3 (expressing
Brazil's request that the DSB Panel find that U.S. domestic support measures for
upland cotton during the 1999-2002 marketing years violated the Agreement on
Agriculture under the authority of the peace clause); see also A Knotty Problem:
America and the WTO, Economist, May 1, 2004 (reporting that Brazil filed a
formal complaint against the United States in September 2002, alleging that U.S.
cotton subsides are not immune from challenge under the peace clause), available
at LEXIS, News Library, ECON File.





n58.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 3 (urging the
DSB Panel to find that the subsidies cause suppression of upland cotton prices
in the U.S., Brazilian, and world markets, and that this constitutes serious
prejudice to Brazil's interests in violation of SCM Articles 5(c) and 6.3).
Brazil also claimed that the subsidies cause the United States to have a market
share in upland cotton that causes serious prejudice to Brazil's interests in
violation of the SCM Agreement. Id. at 4; see also SCM Agreement, supra note 14,
art. 5(c) (providing that no Member State may allow its subsidies to cause
serious prejudice to the interests of another Member). Article 6.3 describes
situations that constitute "serious prejudice." Id. art. 6.3.





n59.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 6-7 (contending
that U.S. cotton supports are exempt from legal challenge because they fall
within the parameters of the peace clause). The United States submitted that, if
the Panel found that the subsidies do not meet the criteria of the peace clause,
the subsidies are only minimally trade-distorting and, therefore, do not
unfairly prejudice Brazil. Id.; see also Unpicking Cotton Subsidies, supra note
55 (explaining the U.S. position that cotton farmers receive counter-cyclical
payments according to the number of acres planted and the amount of cotton
produced in the past and, therefore, do not tempt farmers to overproduce and
consequently depress world prices for cotton).





n60.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 348 (ruling
that U.S. cotton subsidies during the marketing years 1999-2002 exceeded the
amount of subsidies the United States distributed during the 1992 marketing
year); see also Unpicking Cotton Subsidies, supra note 55 (reporting that the
United States paid cotton producers $ 1.62 billion in 1992, in contrast to $ 2.3
billion in 1999 and $ 2.06 billion in 2001).





n61.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 349 (finding
that "mandatory price-contingent United States subsidy measures" on upland
cotton, such as counter-cyclical payments, cause serious prejudice to Brazil in
violation of Articles 5(c) and 6.3(c) of the SCM Agreement). However, the Panel
decided that Brazil failed to establish that U.S. direct payments to cotton
producers cause significant price suppression in the world agriculture market.
Id. at 349-50. Additionally, Brazil did not adequately prove that the
counter-cyclical payments significantly increase the U.S. world market share of
cotton in violation of the SCM Agreement. Id.





n62.  See id. at 350-51 (demanding, pursuant to Article 7.8 of the SCM
Agreement, that the United States implement remedial measures to correct the
prejudice the subsidies have caused); see also Mixed Verdict, supra note 56
(quoting former U.S. Trade Representative Zoellick as saying that the United
States strongly disagrees with some aspects of the WTO ruling, such as the
finding that U.S. domestic cotton subsidies distort trade by depressing world
cotton prices, and that the United States will appeal); Unpicking Cotton
Subsidies, supra note 55 (recognizing that the ruling is not final and the
United States plans to appeal). Even if the Appellate Body confirms the ruling,
the United States may act slowly in implementing the Panel's recommendations.
Id.





n63.  See Unpicking Cotton Subsidies, supra note 55 (reporting that most WTO
countries agree that the peace clause has expired). The Economist found that the
"legal cover" protecting rich countries' subsidies no longer exists with the
peace clause's expiration. Id.





n64.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, PP 6, 17, 29 (calling for an
abolition of all export subsidies, substantial reductions in trade-distorting
domestic subsidies, and decreases in tariffs to improve market access); see also
Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, Trade Facts: Charting a Course to
Prosperity: WTO Agrees on a Detailed Plan to Open Markets, Expand Trade (July
31, 2004) (outlining the substance of the Geneva Framework and explaining that
the Framework proposes caps on support levels for specific commodities as well
as cuts in overall levels of trade-distorting support), available at
http://www.ustr.gov/assets/Document Library/Fact Sheets/2004/asset upload
file505 5635.pdf (last visited Sept. 9, 2005). See generally Now Harvest It:
World Trade, Economist, Aug. 5, 2004 (noting that the Geneva Framework saved the
Doha Round of talks from collapse and analyzing the Framework's provisions),
available at LEXIS, News Library, ECON File.





n65.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 6 (deciding that, in order to
achieve these substantial reductions, a new agreement will subject higher levels
of permitted trade-distorting domestic support to deeper cuts, mandate that each
developed Member State make a substantial reduction in the overall level of its
trade-distorting support from bound levels, and subject previously permitted de
minimis support to substantial reductions). The General Council decided to
calculate domestic subsidy reduction commitments for each country using a tiered
formula in which Members that spend the most on trade-distorting subsidies will
make the greatest reductions. Id. P 7.





n66.  See id. (providing that during the first year following completion of the
Doha Round, each Member's total trade-distorting domestic support must not
exceed eighty percent of the current levels). A state's "overall" amount of
trade-distorting support is distinct from its Current Total AMS because
"overall" support is the sum of Total AMS plus de minimis levels of
trade-distorting support that do not count as part of a country's Total AMS.
Id.; see also Elizabeth Becker, Interim Trade Triumph Short on Hard Details,
N.Y. Times, Aug. 2, 2004, at C1 (observing that the United States agreed to make
a twenty percent reduction in its corn, wheat, rice, and soybean subsidies),
available at LEXIS, News Library, NYT File; Now Harvest It, supra note 64
(finding that the agreed-upon twenty percent cut may be misleading because it
applies to the total amount of subsidies currently allowed rather than actual
amounts spent).





n67.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 9 (explaining that caps on
product-specific AMS are necessary in order to prevent a country from decreasing
domestic support for some commodities but increasing support for other
commodities).





n68.  See id. PP 6, 11 (calling for a reduction in de minimis support as a
separate requirement from reduction in Allowed Total AMS). The Framework exempts
developing countries that distribute de minimis support almost exclusively for
"subsistence and resource-poor farmers" from reduction requirements. Id. P 11;
see also Domestic Support Boxes, supra note 44 (explaining that de minimis
trade-distorting support does not count towards Members' Current Total AMS,
although it does contribute to overall totals of trade-distorting domestic
support).





n69.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 6 (permitting developing countries
more time to implement mandatory reductions and allowing them to have more
lenient reduction commitments for all types of trade-distorting domestic
support). The Framework also calls for a limit on blue box subsidies, which
require agricultural producers to limit production. See id. PP 6, 13-15
(enumerating that blue box support may not exceed five percent of a Member
State's average total value of agricultural production during a historical
period); see also Domestic Support Boxes, supra note 44 (explaining that the
Agreement on Agriculture does not limit Member States' spending on blue box
subsidies).





n70.  See discussion infra Part II.A.2 (finding that counter-cyclical payments
are highly trade-distorting because they are linked to both a commodity's
current production and its price). Since the total cost of these subsidies over
time is unpredictable, the United States could easily spend more on subsidies
than the Agreement on Agriculture allows. Id. See generally Understanding the
WTO, supra note 10, at 28 (explaining that trade distortion occurs when
subsidies encourage over-production of goods either because the amount of
subsidies distributed are linked to current production levels or to current
market prices). In other words, a subsidy is trade-distorting if it tends to
cause farmers to produce more of a commodity than they otherwise would. Id.





n71.  See discussion infra Part II.A.1 (asserting that the amount of a direct
payment is not dependent on a farmer's current level of production of a
commodity or on the current market price of the commodity).





n72.  See Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13.





n73.  See Johnson, supra note 5, at 456 (finding that the 1996 Freedom to Farm
Act greatly reduced trade-distorting subsidies, cutting the U.S. Total AMS to
about half of its allowable support); see also Gonzalez, supra note 42, at 467
(explaining that the Freedom to Farm Act replaced trade-distorting subsidies
with payments to producers that were decoupled from prices and production
levels).





n74.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4137 (daily ed. May 9, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Specter) (revealing that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments will cost $
82.8 billion over ten years, causing the approximate total of agricultural
subsidies over the next decade to reach approximately $ 190 billion - an average
of $ 19 billion per year); see also Johnson, supra note 5, at 442 (noting that
the Farm Bill caused U.S. domestic agricultural subsidies to increase by
approximately eighty percent); Sanger, supra note 2 (clarifying that the Farm
Bill's agricultural subsidies are in addition to agricultural subsidies already
in place); Brian M. Riedl, Top 10 Reasons to Veto the Farm Bill, at 2 (The
Heritage Found., Backgrounder No. 1538, 2002) (asserting that the Farm Bill will
cause the United States to spend approximately $ 191 billion over ten years), at
http://www.heritage.org/Research/Agriculture/BG1538.cfm (last visited Sept. 9,
2005).





n75.  See infra notes 76-78 and accompanying text.





n76.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 1101(a)(1), 7 U.S.C.A.
7911(a)(1) (West Supp. 2005) (providing that the amount of a crop's base acres
depends on either: (a) the average acreage the farmer planted, or would have
planted between 1998-2001, if it were not for a natural disaster, or (b) the
amount of payment acres the Secretary of Agriculture used to calculate subsidies
in 2002). The number of payment acres equals eighty-five percent of the number
of base acres. Id. 1101(f).





n77.  See id. 1102(b). If the farmer did not produce the crop in question in
1995, the Secretary of Agriculture will assign a payment yield to the crop
according to the payment yield for that crop on similar farms in 1995. Id.
1102(c).





n78.  See id. 1103(b) (stating that payment rates for direct payments are set at
specific amounts and do not change depending on current market prices for
crops); see also Griswold, supra note 11 (implying that domestic subsidies with
payment amounts that are not dependent on levels of production and are
independent of market prices do not tend to promote overproduction of covered
commodities).





n79.  See id. 1104 (establishing that the U.S. government must pay farmers
counter-cyclical payments when the market price for a covered crop falls below
the crop's target price); see also 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002)
(statement of Sen. McConnell) (arguing that the counter-cyclical payments'
target prices constitute price guarantees, which promote overproduction of
crops); Griswold, supra note 11 (citing the international condemnation of the
U.S. Farm Bill).





n80.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104(d) (establishing that the
payment rate for a commodity under the counter-cyclical system depends on market
fluctuations and, therefore, is linked to current price levels). Recipients of
counter-cyclical payments may adjust payment yields to reflect more current crop
yields. Id. 1102(e). See generally supra notes 77-78 and accompanying text
(finding that direct payments are not highly trade-distorting because the
payment rates and payment yields used to calculate the amount of the subsidy are
not linked to current price or production levels).





n81.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1102(e)(3) (explaining that the
agricultural producer may choose one of two ways in which to partially update
crop payment yields, both of which take into account the average yields for the
crops during the 1998-2001 crop years). In contrast, the crop yields for direct
payments are based on the crop yields the farmer produced in 1995. Id. 1102(b).





n82.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4036 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Corzine) (indicating that the counter-cyclical payments will naturally lead to
overproduction, distorting the world market in agriculture and benefiting only a
limited number of the United States' largest producers); see also Riedl, supra
note 74, at 4 (arguing that government subsidies that increase as producers
plant more crops, like the counter-cyclical payments, create overproduction).
See generally Understanding the WTO, supra note 10.





n83.  See Dangerous Activities, supra note 2 (finding that the Farm Bill invents
new subsidies on a host of farm commodities that depend on prices and production
levels and, therefore, are highly trade-distorting); see also Riedl, supra note
74, at 5 (pointing out that overproduction leads to depressed prices, which
causes farmers to ask for more subsidies); Understanding the WTO, supra note 10,
at 28 (explaining that, where there is a surplus of a commodity on the world
market, prices for that commodity fall, which hurts other producers of that
commodity around the world). But see Sanger, supra note 2 (quoting President
Bush as claiming that the Farm Bill does not encourage overproduction or depress
prices).





n84.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104(d) (providing that the
payment rate for counter-cyclical payments is equal to the difference between
the crop's effective price and its target price). The payment rate is variable
and dependent on market prices because the effective price of a crop depends on
either the national average market price or the national average marketing
assistance loan rate for the crop. Id. 1104(b). As a crop's market price
decreases in value, the difference between the market price and target price
specified in the Farm Bill must increase, thereby increasing the amount of the
subsidy that the Secretary of Agriculture must pay to the crop's producers. Id.
1104(a)-(d).





n85.  See infra notes 86-87 and accompanying text (showing that counter-cyclical
payments cause trade distortion and unpredictable subsidy payments).





n86.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
McConnell) (arguing that the counter-cyclical payments' "target prices" function
as agricultural producers' price guarantees). Senator McConnell pointed out that
guaranteeing payments on crops logically encourages farmers to overproduce those
crops. Id.; see also Griswold, supra note 11 ("In a normal market, supply would
contract when prices fall, but the farm bill is explicitly written to keep
farmland in production even when the market is sending the opposite signal.");
Kreuzhuber, supra note 6, at 3 (contending that when subsidies guarantee a given
level of income, farmers have no incentive to follow market signals).





n87.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Bunning) (warning that the overproduction incentives in the Farm Bill will cause
the prices of those commodities to fall). The decrease in prices of the
commodities on the global market will have an adverse economic affect on other
nations, especially developing nations. Id. at S4036 (statement of Sen.
Corzine); see also Griswold, supra note 11 (maintaining that overproduction
resulting from price guarantees leads to depression in global prices, which
particularly hurts farmers in third world countries).





n88.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104(a)-(d) (illustrating that,
because market prices are unpredictable and the distribution of counter-cyclical
payments is mandatory, the amount of subsidies the U.S. government must
distribute to producers under the counter-cyclical system is also
unpredictable); see also Johnson, supra note 5, at 457 (suggesting that the
United States could fail to keep Farm Bill subsidies within the U.S. Allowed
Total AMS).





n89.  See supra note 74 and accompanying text (explaining that under the Farm
Bill, U.S. spending on amber box subsidies is dangerously close to the $ 19.1
billion annual limit).





n90.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4137 (daily ed. May 9, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Specter) (pointing out that, despite the Farm Bill's theoretical compliance with
the Agreement on Agriculture, the Farm Bill will breach the Agreement because it
provides for "expanded and unpredictable levels of support"); see also
Kreuzhuber, supra note 6, at 5 (noting that spending on counter-cyclical
payments is unpredictable and likely will be higher than estimated).





n91.  See, e.g., 148 Cong. Rec. S4137 (daily ed. May 9, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Specter) (asserting that the counter-cyclical payments will encourage
overproduction, which will drive down prices, which leads to more subsidies, and
this may cause the United States to breach the Agreement on Agriculture); 148
Cong. Rec. S4030 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen. McConnell)
(contending that the Farm Bill "probably violates our trade agreements").
Senator Corzine predicts that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical subsidies will
undermine U.S. agricultural trade policy by driving down global crop prices. Id.
at S4036.





n92.  See Sanger, supra note 2 (reporting that President Bush contends that the
Farm Bill functions as a safety net for farmers without encouraging
overproduction or depressing global prices in agriculture); see also President
Signs Farm Bill, supra note 34 (claiming that the Farm Bill reduces government
interference in the agricultural market, supports the U.S. government's
commitment to open trade, and complies with U.S. obligations under the WTO);
supra notes 79-91 and accompanying text (explaining that because
counter-cyclical payments are tied to price and production levels and are
unpredictable, they could cause the United States to breach the Agreement on
Agriculture).





n93.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1601(e)(1) (stating that if the
Secretary of Agriculture determines that Farm Bill subsidies may exceed
permitted levels, the Secretary may, "to the maximum extent practicable," adjust
the amount of subsidies distributed so that they do not exceed such allowable
levels); see also White House, Policies in Focus: More Information on the Farm
Bill (alleging that the Farm Bill contains a "circuit breaker" that is meant to
ensure U.S. compliance with the Agreement on Agriculture), at
http://www.whitehouse.gov/infocus/farminfo/ (last visited Sept. 9, 2005).





n94.  See Dangerous Activities, supra note 2 (relaying that European countries
thought that, despite the Farm Bill's clause allowing the Secretary to cut
subsidies if they rise too high, the United States likely will breach the
Agreement on Agriculture); see also Kreuzhuber, supra note 6 (maintaining that
the costs of counter-cyclical payments are difficult to predict and could easily
result in exceeding the allowed limit, despite the Secretary's power to reduce
payments if necessary).





n95.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1601(e)(1) (allowing the
Secretary of Agriculture to cut Farm Bill subsidies if they rise at
unpredictable levels and cause U.S. subsidies to rise beyond the allowable
limit).





n96.  See SCM Agreement, supra note 14, art. 5(c) (forbidding any Member State
from distributing subsidies that "seriously prejudice" other Members). A subsidy
causes "serious prejudice" if it results in significant price suppression or
depression of a commodity in international markets. Id. art. 6.3(c); see also
supra Part II.A.2 (explaining that counter-cyclical payments cause
overproduction and, therefore, price depression in world markets).





n97.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 349 (finding
that U.S. counter-cyclical cotton subsidies violate the SCM Agreement because
they cause price suppression in world markets and thereby seriously prejudice
Brazil's interests). The Panel mandated that the United States correct their
adverse effects or remove them. Id. at 350-51. But see Office of the U.S. Trade
Representative, Dispelling Myths About U.S. Support to Cotton Farmers: U.S.
Programs Have Not Caused Low Cotton Prices and Hurt Foreign Growers 1-4 (Sept.
8, 2004) [hereinafter Dispelling Myths] (disputing the DSB Panel's finding that
counter-cyclical payments caused significant price suppression in the world
cotton market from 1999-2001), available at http://www.ustr.gov/assets/Document
Library/Fact Sheets/2004/asset upload file784 6153.pdf (last visited Sept. 9,
2005). Former U.S. Trade Representative Zoellick asserted that although Brazil
and other countries alleged that the Farm Bill increases domestic support to
U.S. farmers, which in turn depresses prices and distorts trade, world cotton
prices have actually increased since the passage of the Farm Bill. Id. at 1-2.
Zoellick cited three studies that claim that the elimination of certain U.S.
domestic subsidies would result in only a small increase in cotton prices. Id.
at 2-3. However, Zoellick admitted that the United States takes issue with
"important conceptual and methodological aspects" of the studies he cited. Id.
at 3.





n98.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104(c) (showing that the
government must make counter-cyclical payments to upland cotton producers); see
also Elizabeth Becker, Lawmakers Voice Doom and Gloom on W.T.O. Ruling, N.Y.
Times, Apr. 28, 2004, at C1 (commenting that the WTO ruling "calls into
question" the Farm Bill because the Bill increased subsidies for many commodity
crops in addition to cotton), available at LEXIS, News Library, NYT File;
Unpicking Cotton Subsidies, supra note 55 (suggesting that the WTO also could
find that U.S. barley or corn subsidies violate WTO agreements).





n99.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 347-50
(suggesting that counter-cyclical subsidies may violate the SCM Agreement by
virtue of their generally trade-distorting effects in world agricultural
markets).





n100.  See Johnson, supra note 5, at 456 (indicating that under the Freedom to
Farm Act, the U.S. Current Total AMS was approximately $ 10.4 billion per year,
which is well under the $ 19.1 billion allowed amount); see also Nelson, supra
note 5, at 32.





n101.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4137 (daily ed. May 9, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Specter) (predicting that the Farm Bill will cause the total amount of
agricultural subsidies over the next decade to reach an average of $ 19 billion
per year); see also supra note 90 and accompanying text (explaining that the
amount of subsidies the U.S. government must distribute to producers under the
counter-cyclical system is unpredictable).





n102.  See Altman, supra note 12 (explaining that the Director General of the
WTO, Dr. Supachai Panitchpakdi, found that the Farm Bill, by increasing U.S.
subsidies, was hampering the Doha Round trade talks); see also Sanger, supra
note 2 (quoting the director of the University of Maryland's Center for Security
and Economic Policy as saying that, prior to the passage of the Farm Bill,
"Europeans will feel that they are no longer the stand-out sinners" and that
"the Japanese will feel relieved, and it's hard to imagine how it would be
possible to negotiate a new global agreement"); Becker, supra note 98 (finding
that former U.S. Trade Representative Zoellick contributed to the breakdown of
Doha Round trade talks in Cancun by refusing to cut agricultural subsidies and
insisting on preserving the Farm Bill); The WTO Under Fire, supra note 17
(citing the Farm Bill's dramatic increase in domestic subsidies and the United
States' refusal to reduce cotton subsidies at the WTO negotiations in Cancun as
contributing to the stagnation of the Doha Round talks).





n103.  See supra note 66 and accompanying text.





n104.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 7 (calling for a twenty percent
reduction in total allowable AMS for each Member State). Since a twenty percent
reduction in overall permitted subsidies under the Geneva Framework would
entitle the United States to spend only $ 15.28 billion per year, subsidies
costing $ 19 billion per year clearly would violate the Framework. Id.; see also
supra note 74 and accompanying text.





n105.  See Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13 (revealing that former U.S.
Trade Representative Zoellick tried to induce the WTO to reclassify
counter-cyclical payments as blue box instead of amber box subsidies so that
they will not count towards U.S. Current Total AMS). Zoellick made clear to many
WTO Members that this is a key point for the United States in reaching a Doha
Round agreement. Id.





n106.  See Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13 (conceding that the WTO has
not endorsed the idea of allowing counter-cyclical payments to be considered
blue box instead of amber box subsidies). Zoellick claimed that counter-cyclical
payments are "basically" no longer linked to production. Id.; see also
Dispelling Myths, supra note 97, at 9 (illustrating Zoellick's claim that the
Farm Bill's payments to cotton farmers are tied only to price).





n107.  See supra notes 84-91 and accompanying text (explaining that because
counter-cyclical payments are linked to current crop prices, they guarantee
producers certain prices for their crops and, consequently, cause
over-production and trade-distortion).





n108.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 1102(e), 7 U.S.C.A.
7912(e) (West Supp. 2005) (utilizing the crop years 1998-2001 instead of the
crop year of 1995, which is used for calculating direct payments, resulting in
counter-cyclical payments tied to more recent production levels); see also
Kreuzhuber, supra note 6, at 2 (asserting that when the Farm Bill allows updated
crop yields, the subsidies effectively re-couple to production levels).





n109.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4036 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Corzine) (contending that the counter-cyclical payments will naturally lead to
overproduction because they are proportional to production levels); see also
Understanding the WTO, supra note 10, at 28 (explaining that overproduction will
result when the amount of government subsidies paid to farmers depends on the
amount of crops the farmers produce); Kreuzhuber, supra note 6, at 2 (contending
that farmers receiving counter-cyclical payments likely assume that the U.S.
government will allow future updating of crops, which encourages
overproduction).





n110.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 347-50
(implying that since the counter-cyclical payments to cotton producers are
highly trade-distorting, the government must consider them amber box subsidies
and count them towards U.S. Allowed Total AMS).





n111.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 7 (requiring each Member to reduce
its total trade-distorting domestic support to equal to or less than eighty
percent of the currently permitted levels).





n112.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1601(3) (indicating that the
Secretary of Agriculture has the power to decrease the amount of subsidies he or
she distributes to prevent the United States from providing support in excess of
allowable levels). The statutory language does not indicate that Congress meant
this provision to apply to a situation where the Secretary must drastically
change subsidy allocation to force the United States to comply with a new WTO
agreement. Id.





n113.  See supra notes 111-12 and accompanying text.





n114.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1103-1104 (lacking any mention
of limitations of direct or counter-cyclical payments); see also Kreuzhuber,
supra note 6, at 4 (indicating that there are virtually no limits on the amount
of payments that any one producer may receive under the Farm Bill); see also
supra note 3 and accompanying text (contrasting the Farm Bill with the 1996
Freedom to Farm Act, the latter of which specified payment limitations on
domestic agricultural subsidies).





n115.  See Geneva Framework, supra note 19, P 9 (capping product-specific AMSs
at their respective average levels in order "to prevent circumvention of the
objective of the Agreement through transfers of unchanged domestic support
between different support categories").





n116.  See WTO Report on U.S. Cotton Subsidies, supra note 15, at 349.





n117.  Compare Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1104 (demonstrating that
there is no limit imposed on the amount of counter-cyclical payments that may be
distributed to producers of any one commodity), with Geneva Framework, supra
note 19, P 9 (providing that Member States must impose product-specific caps on
domestic support spending).





n118.  See discussion infra Part III.A (finding that Congress should repeal the
Farm Bill because it violates WTO Agreements and constitutes poor domestic and
international policy).





n119.  See discussion infra Part III.B.





n120.  See discussion supra Part II.A.2 (demonstrating how counter-cyclical
payments cause price depression in world markets and easily could cause U.S.
expenditures on agricultural subsidies to rise above the amount allowed by the
Agreement on Agriculture).





n121.  See World Trade Talks: A Step Forward, Economist, Aug. 7, 2004 (warning
that the Doha Round will fail unless the President makes reaching a final
agreement a top priority), available at 2004 WLNR 10895744.





n122.  See id. (maintaining that the Geneva Framework "ought to force changes to
America's grotesque farm subsidies"); see also discussion supra Part II.B
(explaining the reasons why the counter-cyclical payments could not conform to
the Geneva Framework).





n123.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Bunning) (maintaining that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments will lead
to overproduction of subsidized crops, which will cause world prices of those
commodities to fall). Senator Corzine explained that when a government
encourages the overproduction of a commodity, world prices for the commodity
fall, which adversely affects producers of that commodity around the world. Id.
at S4036; see also Griswold, supra note 11 (maintaining that the Farm Bill hurts
the farmers of the world's poorest countries). See generally Trade: Sour
Subsidies, Economist, Apr. 17, 2004 ("Rich-country farm subsidies prevent the
poorest countries from selling some of the only goods, other than illegal drugs,
that they are able to export."), available at 2004 WLNR 6512297; supra notes
79-83 and accompanying text.





n124.  See, e.g., Jeffrey Schott, Unlocking the Benefits of World Trade,
Economist, Nov. 1, 2003 (reporting that least developed countries could benefit
substantially from freer trade with the United States), available at LEXIS, News
Library, ECON File; Harvesting Poverty: The Unkept Promise, N.Y. Times, Dec. 30,
2003, at A20 (reporting that there is a consensus among multilateral economic
and development agencies that rich nations' farm subsidies hurt the economies of
developing countries), available at 2003 WLNR 5242870. The World Bank predicts
that "an end to trade-distorting farm subsidies and tariffs could expand global
wealth by as much as a half-trillion dollars and lift 150 million people out of
poverty by 2015." Id. But see, e.g., Gonzalez, supra note 42, at 435-37 (arguing
that free trade does not promote economic prosperity in developing countries);
Nothing to Sell, Economist, May 27, 2004 (explaining that the problem with free
trade is that it is not much use to a developing country if it is so poor that
it has nothing to sell), available at 2004 WLNR 15299002.





n125.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4036 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Corzine) (expressing concern that developing countries hurt by U.S. subsidies
may be less likely to open their markets to American companies); see also
Griswold, supra note 11 (quoting an E.U. official as saying that the U.S. Farm
Bill hurts the United States' credibility and negotiating power in WTO
meetings).





n126.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
McConnell) (noting that the legislation will end up benefiting the largest farms
because the more a farmer can produce, the more payments he will receive under
the Farm Bill); see also Congress at the Trough, supra note 6, at 14 (pointing
out that the irony in the Farm Bill is that it actually works a "terrible
disservice" to farmers). Price depression that results from overproduction of
crops can lead to political pressure to help farmers by instituting more
subsidies, thereby perpetuating a cycle of overproduction, price depression and
increasing subsidies. Id.





n127.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4028 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen.
Bunning) (noting that this disparity in distributions will further "contribute
to the decline of the family farm" and take focus away from those who need help
the most); see also Riedl, supra note 74, at 3 (highlighting that the largest
agribusinesses receive the largest subsidies because they produce the most
crops). Additionally, because the Farm Bill awards subsidies to individuals as
opposed to farms, large farm conglomerates can sign up every employee to receive
subsidies. Id.





n128.  See S. Res. 103, 107th Cong. (2002) (showing that Senators from Arizona,
Florida, Kansas, Kentucky, New Hampshire, New Mexico, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, Utah, Virginia, and Wyoming voted against the Bill). The Farm Bill
passed the Senate 64 to 35, with one Senator absent. Id.; see also 148 Cong.
Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement of Sen. Bunning).





n129.  See 148 Cong. Rec. S4029 (daily ed. May 8, 2002) (statement on Sen.
McConnell) (concluding that the Farm Bill will not help the vast majority of
Kentucky farmers but instead will help the wealthy, corporate farms). Senator
McConnell thought that the "winners" of the Farm Bill include large farm
conglomerates that are eligible for almost unlimited subsidies, and the "losers"
include small, family farms as well as U.S. taxpayers, who must pay higher
prices for produce. Id. See generally Brian M. Riedl, Agriculture Lobby Wins Big
in New Farm Bill (The Heritage Found., Backgrounder No. 1534, 2002) (finding
that the Farm Bill is more like corporate welfare than income support for
struggling, family-owned farms, and providing statistics on Fortune 500
companies, members of Congress, and other wealthy individuals and entities
receiving extremely large payments under the Farm Bill), at
http://www.heritage.org/Research/Agriculture/BG1534.cfm (last visited Sept. 9,
2005).





n130.  Cf. Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1103-1104 (allocating current
subsidies based on the type of crop produced, the amount of production, and, in
the case of counter-cyclical payments, the market prices of the crops).





n131.  See 150 Cong. Rec. S11276, S11278 (daily ed. Oct. 11, 2004) (statement of
Sen. Harkin) (remarking that the large agricultural producers tend to benefit
most under the Farm Bill and that the Bill's Conservation Security Program is a
step in the right direction toward linking subsidies with environmental and
conservational programs). Senator Harkin criticized President Bush for claiming
to support conservation programs but advocating the reduction of available
conservation funds to combat environmental emergencies. Id. at S11278-79; see
also Becker, supra note 66, at C2 (reporting that Pascal Lamy, the E.U. Trade
Commissioner, urged the United States to follow the E.U.'s lead in granting
subsidies to reward farmers for protecting the environment rather than for
producing commodities).





n132.  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act 1105(a)(1)(A)-(C) (indicating
that in order to receive subsidies under the Farm Bill, agricultural producers
must agree to comply with certain conservation, wetland protection, and planting
flexibility requirements). Additionally, farmers must use the land for an
agricultural or conservational purpose and must keep the land in good condition.
Id. 1105(a)(1)(D)-(E).





n133.  See id. 1238A(b)(1) (stating that to be eligible for the Conservation
Security Program, a farmer must submit and obtain approval of a conservation
security plan). The farmer must enter into a conservation security contract with
the Secretary to carry out the plan. Id.





n134.  See id. 1238B-C(b) (explaining that if the producer abides by the
contract, the Secretary will make annual payments to cover implementation costs
and will reward conservation efforts).





n135.  See Becker, supra note 66, at C2 (commenting that the E.U. Trade
Commissioner believes that the United States may have to change its agriculture
policy to award subsidies for conservation efforts in order to comply with WTO
obligations); see also Farm Subsidies: Last of the Summer Whine?, Economist,
Aug. 21, 2004 (praising Britain's implementation of a new agriculture policy in
which subsidies depend on farmers' compliance with environmental policies),
available at 2004 WLNR 10889818.





n136.  See European Union, CAP Reform - A Long-Term Perspective for Sustainable
Agriculture [hereinafter CAP Reform] (noting that E.U. farm ministers adopted a
dramatic reform to the CAP on June 26, 2003), available at
http://www.europa.eu.int/comm/agriculture/capreform/index en.htm (last visited
Sept. 9, 2005). According to the reformed CAP, the vast majority of domestic
agriculture subsidies that the E.U. allocates will not be tied to production
levels. Id.





n137.  See id.; see also Last of the Summer Whine?, supra note 135 (noting that
Britain was scheduled to implement E.U. reforms beginning on January 1, 2005, by
subsidizing English farms according to a flat rate per hectare).





n138.  See discussion supra Part II.A.2 (demonstrating that counter-cyclical
payments are highly trade-distorting); see also discussion supra Part III.A
(citing the adverse social and political repercussions of counter-cyclical
payments). See generally discussion supra Part II (finding that the
counter-cyclical payments cause the United States to breach the Agreement on
Agriculture and likely will violate a new WTO agreement).





n139.  See discussion supra Part I.A.1 (explaining how the Farm Bill's direct
payment system works); see also discussion supra Part II.A.1 (noting that the
direct payments are not trade-distorting even though the Secretary of
Agriculture calculates their amounts according to production levels at some
point in the past).





n140.  See CAP Reform, supra note 136 (explaining that the single-farm payment
method will enable farmers to receive subsidies from the government based on a
flat rate per unit of land in exchange for keeping their land in good
agricultural and environmental condition).





n141.  See id. (implying that the new CAP system will provide necessary aid to
E.U. farmers and will have the advantage of simultaneously improving the
environmental condition of farmland).





n142.  See id. (finding that the E.U. reforms will enable farmers to produce
according to market demands and will also strengthen the E.U.'s negotiating
powers in formulating a new WTO agreement on agriculture).





n143.  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 5, Annex 2 (providing that
subsidies not tied to current production or price levels, which include
subsidies through environmental protection programs, or green box subsidies, are
not subject to reduction commitments); see also Domestic Support Boxes, supra
note 44 (clarifying that payments allocated through conservational or other
environmental programs are green box subsidies); David Dana, WTO Legal Impacts
on Commodity Subsidies: Green Box Opportunities in the Farm Bill for Farm Income
Through the Conservation and Clean Energy Development Programs 1 (Envtl. L. &
Pol'y Center, 2004) (contending that the Farm Bill's subsidies rewarding farmers
for conservation efforts are likely green box subsidies), available at
http://www.elpc.org/energy/WTO.Farm%20Bill%20Paper.July%2020.2004.pdf (last
visited Sept. 9, 2005). Since the current Agreement on Agriculture labels
payments linked to environmental programs as green box subsidies, similar
payments in a new farm bill likely would have the same classification. Id.; see
also CAP Reform, supra note 136 (contending that an agricultural policy that
rewards farmers for environmental and conservational efforts but not for amounts
of crop produced results in a free-market agricultural economy). An
environmentally-driven policy likely would prevent a Member State from breaching
WTO subsidy reduction commitments. Id.





n144.  See supra note 2 and accompanying text (explaining how the 1996 Freedom
to Farm Act reduced U.S. trade-distorting subsidies, but the Farm Bill expanded
them and created new ones).





n145.  See Zoellick Press Conference, supra note 13; see also discussion supra
Part II.A.2 (contending that the Farm Bill's counter-cyclical payments are
highly trade-distorting and likely will cause the United States to breach its
obligations under the Agreement on Agriculture).





n146.  See supra Parts I.C, II.B (describing the DSB Panel's ruling that
counter-cyclical payments to cotton producers under the Farm Bill violate the
SCM Agreement and concluding that counter-cyclical payments in general likely
cause serious prejudice to other countries' interests because of their
significant trade-distorting effects).





n147.  See supra Part II.C (maintaining that the counter-cyclical subsidies in
the Farm Bill almost certainly violate the Geneva Framework, which calls for a
twenty percent reduction of the U.S. Allowed Total AMS).





n148.  See supra Part III (recommending that the United States institute an
agriculture law similar to the reformed CAP, which provides income stability to
farmers by way of rewarding them for their environmental and conservational
practices).





n149.  See Congress Cuts $ 3 Billion in Agriculture Spending, American Farm
Bureau, May 2, 2005 (specifying that a cut of $ 173 million would occur in the
first year of implementation of the resolution), available at
http://www.fb.org/news/fbn/05/05 02/html/congress.html (last visited Oct. 10,
2005). However, the Senate omitted this cut from the spending bill it passed on
September 22, 2005, and the agriculture committees are expected to decide in the
near future how to implement this cut. Senate Passes $ 100B Agriculture, Drug
Bill, Fox News, Sept. 22, 2005, available at
http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,170155,00.html (last visited Oct. 10, 2005).





n150.  See World Trade Org., The Sixth WTO Ministerial Conference (noting that
the meeting will take place in Hong Kong, China), at
http://www.wto.org/english/thewto e/minist e/min05 e/min05 e.htm (last visited
Oct. 10, 2005).





n151.  See Office of the U.S. Trade Representative, U.S. Proposal for WTO
Agriculture Negotiations (Oct. 10, 2005) (outlining a U.S. proposal regarding
all three aspects of WTO agriculture negotiations: domestic subsidies, market
access, and export competition), available at http://www.ustr.gov/Trade
Sectors/Agriculture/US Proposal for WTO Agriculture Negotiations.html (last
visited Oct. 10, 2005). The proposal specifies that the United States will cut
spending on amber box subsidies by sixty percent if Member States that spend
over $ 25 billion per year on amber box subsidies will cut their spending by
eighty-three percent. Id.





n152.  Id. But see To Doha's Rescue, Economist, Oct. 13, 2005 (contending that
the cuts in the U.S. proposal refer to reductions on allowable limits rather
than on current amounts spent).





n153.  See supra note 102 and accompanying text (explaining that the Farm Bill
has impeded the progress of WTO Doha Round agriculture negotiations).





n154.  See supra note 74 and accompanying text (demonstrating that the USDA
spends approximately $ 19 billion per year on trade-distorting subsidies). If
the U.S. proposal's cut is applied to the U.S. Allowed Total AMS of $ 19.1
billion, the resulting cut would be approximately $ 2.29 billion per year. See
supra note 13 and accompanying text. The U.S. Trade Representative's proposal
may not be entirely consistent with Congress' pledge because the budget cut
would decrease spending on agriculture subsidies by only $ 173 million in 2006.
See Congress Cuts $ 3 Billion in Agriculture Spending, supra note 149.





n155.  See discussion supra Part II.C.1 (explaining that the Farm Bill would not
be able to survive the twenty percent cut in amber box subsidies that the Geneva
Framework mandates).


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 14, 2013 Monday

Iranian MP: Administration faces problem in paying cash subsidies

BYLINE: F. Mehdi, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Jan. 14--The Iranian administration is facing problem in providing money for
paying cash subsidies to the public, MP Abdolkarim Hashemi told the Fars News
Agency.

"In such a situation, the second phase of the subsidy reform plan could not be
implemented," he added.

"For the time being, the government is providing the necessary money out of
sources other than freeing up prices based on the subsidy reform plan," he
noted.

On December 25, 2012, the Fars News Agency quoted the chairman of the Iranian
parliament (Majlis) planning and budget committee Esmaeel Jalili as saying that
implementing the second phase of the subsidy reform plan in Iran would
significantly raise fuel prices.

The issue will contribute to more unemployment, economic recession and liquidity
accumulation, he added.

The administration's revenues from freeing up prices according to the plan were
less than the cash payments, he noted.

The subsidy reform plan pays out $37 to Iranians while eliminating subsidies for
fuels and some commodities.

Nearly 74.5 million Iranians receive cash subsidies. So, the government has paid
around 746 trillion rials (about $61 billion) as cash subsidies within the past
22 months equalling 15 per cent of the national budget for the current Iranian
fiscal year.

When the plan started in December 2010, it was expected to cause about $32
billion in liquidity. However greater demand for the cash subsidies and the
government's money borrowed from the central bank to pay for the subsidies led
to $45 billion in liquidity.

The government implemented the first stage of its targeted subsidies plan
towards the end of 2010 in an attempt to wean the country off food and fuel
subsidies. At the time, Ahmadinejad called it the "biggest economic plan of the
past 50 years".

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

___ (c)2013 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130114-1AZ-Iranian-MP-Administration-faces-problem-in-paying-cash-
subsidies-0114-20130114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2013


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Why Iran's Ahmadinejad is pushing to cut popular government subsidies;
President Ahmadinejad is seeking to cut $40 billion in government subsidies to
create, in effect, a slush fund that critics say will be used as a political
tool to keep voters and his political allies happy.

BYLINE: Roshanak Taghavi Correspondent

LENGTH: 927 words


On the eve of his visit to the US next week, Iranian President Mahmoud
Ahmadinejad has been pushing parliament to cut $40 billion in government
subsidies. As Iran braces for fresh United Nations sanctions over its
controversial nuclear program as well as a possible rise in inflation rates, the
president seeks to convert the subsidy money into a slush fund with little
government oversight. The subsidies, which Mr. Ahmadinejad says benefit Iran's
wealthy more than the poor, are slated to be replaced with monthly cash handouts
to the mainly lower-income sectors of the population, with compensation
currently estimated to be worth roughly 200,000 rials ($20) a person, according
to local analysts. Critics say the president would use the funds as a political
tool to bolster his position. "There is the danger of dissent or discontent
catapulting among the poor.

They want to make sure they have enough money to deal with any sort of price
rise that may result [from the cuts]," says a Tehran-based analyst, who spoke on
condition of anonymity due to the sensitivity of the issue. "It gives the
government an extremely free hand in serving its base constituency." Iran spends
$90 to $100 billion on annual subsidiesThough relations between Ahmadinejad and
Iran's Majles, or parliament, were mercurial at best during his first
presidential term, most Iranian lawmakers rallied behind the president after the
country's contested elections last June. They reinforced their support for
Ahmadinejad's administration in late October by backing controversial
legislation to phase out subsidies for fuel, water, flour, bread, wheat, rice,
oil, milk, sugar, and postal and transportation services by March 2014. The
Islamic Republic spends between $90 billion to $100 billion per year on
subsidies. Of that, $35 billion to $45 billion goes to fuel subsidies, which
include gasoline, heating oil, kerosene, liquefied petroleum gas or LPG, and
fuel oil, according to interviews with government officials. Parliamentarians
already approved a subsidy cut of $20 billion in January. Under the deal, a new
government entity will be given the $20 billion to disperse as they see fit -
outside the purview of the national budget, and thus with little to no
parliamentary oversight. But Ahmadinejad has been battling MPs for more
comprehensive legislation to cut subsidies by double that amount. The aim is to
ensure that his administration will have enough cash on hand to raise payments
to his predominantly low-income constituency in the case that utility and fuel
prices rise more than government projections, according to domestic analysts.
Though the parliament isn't likely in the near-term to double the subsidy cut to
$40 billion, it has granted Ahmadinejad's government the freedom to disperse the
$20 billion worth of yearly subsidies over a six- or nine-month period, allowing
larger individual cash payments that are on par with those that would have been
made with a larger subsidy cut. His administration will also be able to allocate
different payment amounts to different people. Calls for subsidy cuts as early
as 1992 Domestic economists and lawmakers have privately called for subsidy cuts
since at least 1992. They advocated spending part of the savings on cash
handouts, which would leave the government with extra funds and enable Iranians
to pay fair market prices for energy - allowing Iran to invest more in its aging
oil infrastructure. But many economists claim the lack of transparency about how
the government will ultimately disburse the cash payments could cause massive
hikes in inflation. "Everybody agrees we need to get rid of our subsidies
because it puts too much unhealthy pressure on the government. But nobody knows
how the groupings are going to be determined and who will actually get the
payments," says the Tehran-based analyst. "[The methodology] with which
Ahmadinejad actually goes about doing it could have a fundamentally catastrophic
impact on the economy." Economists predict the president will seek an addendum
to the subsidy bill allowing his government to start implementing the subsidy
plan during the second half of the Iranian new year, which began on March 21.
"The government is allowed to allocate $20 billion for this year, but how it
does so is up to the government," says a former economic official in Tehran.
"The government wanted a free hand and didn't want to go through the budget, and
they got that. There will be another addendum.... They may just start in the
second half of the year." Ahmadinejad's move could hurt economyFor now,
Ahmadinejad appears to be in a strong position, with the tacit backing of
supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has final say on all state affairs.
The Iranian president won a small victory in early April after Ayatollah
Khamenei made a public statement supporting a compromise between the parliament
and Ahmadinejad. "Ahmadinejad keeps running back and saying we are in a state of
emergency; that we have internal issues so we need to show a strong government
moving forward with its programs. This is pure politics," says the analyst.
"[But] this is an economy that works in a trickle-down process, and is slowing
down. To do this now, at this point in time, may be the last thing the economy
needs." Related: Why Iran may now be more vulnerable to sanctions Iran, bracing
for sanctions, presses its parliament for gas money Iran's supreme strategy: Why
is Ahmadinejad the chosen one? Iran protests: Is Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei
winning? All Iran news coverage

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

Subsidy cloud on solar panels

SECTION: GURGAON

LENGTH: 548 words


GURGAON: The Centre has decided to reduce by half its subsidy on rooftop solar
power panels that are now mandatory in Haryana's buildings, an early hurdle for
a scheme the state government wants implemented by September this year.

The Union ministry of new and renewable energy has announced the subsidy is
likely to be reduced up to 15%. When the scheme was announced in the New Year,
state officials had expected the Centre to offer a 30% subsidy with additional
concessions from Haryana to make the scheme more attractive and implementation
easier.

But the ministry put out a notification on its website on January 2, saying the
subsidy policy was under revision and was likely to be reduced up to 15% from
the current 30%, either in the form of capital subsidy to be given directly to
Aadhaar-linked accounts or in the form of interest subvention.

State officials said the Haryana government was yet to decide on the quantum of
subsidy it would give. Vinay Pratap, Gurgaon's additional deputy commissioner
and project officer for implementation of the solar scheme, said, "If there is
any reduction in central subsidy, the state government may consider reworking
its share, clarifications and guidelines for which are yet to be issued."

Arun K Tripathi, scientist at the ministry, told TOI on Sunday it may also not
be possible to provide central subsidy to all categories of beneficiaries
applying for installation of rooftop solar power panels. Educational
institutions, hospitals, old-age homes, government community centres, government
buildings and residential buildings would be prioritized over industrial and
commercial buildings, he added.

Upendra Tripathy, secretary in the ministry, said solar power plants would be
viable for heavy consumers even without subsidy as they would reduce power
bills. "Subsidies are needed to create demand and the demand is increasing now
with a state making it mandatory to install solar power projects, as is the case
in Haryana. With the increase in demand, we need to make these subsidies
available to a larger audience, which is why they will have to be brought down,"
he said.

Tripathy added, "The cost for solar power infrastructure has also come down
drastically compared with three years ago. We expect it to come down further
after the Prime Minister's industry meet scheduled from February 15 to 17, where
top companies from around the world and India will discuss renewable energy."

It's now mandatory for all buildings on a plot size of 500 square yards or above
in Haryana to install solar panels with capacities depending on the connected
load. The minimum requirement is a 1 kilo Watt plant, which costs around Rs 1
lakh. The state has an installation deadline of September, but overcoming the
cost factor is likely to be the biggest challenge.

Pranav Mehta, chairman of the National Solar Energy Federation of India, said
the government's subsidy mechanism in the renewable energy sector needed a hard
look. "In most cases, subsidy is delayed and subsidy delayed is as good as
subsidy denied. If the ministry claims they have a limited budget, they should
push for routing the subsidy through the Rs 6,000 crore National Clean Energy
Fund generated from cess charged from the coal mining industry."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sacramento Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 29, 2006 Saturday

Trade talks' collapse could put rice subsidies at risk

BYLINE: Jim Downing, The Sacramento Bee, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


Jul. 29--The breakdown of world trade talks this week -- amid disagreements over
cuts to farm subsidy programs -- leaves intact U.S. support programs that send
as much as $294 million each year to Sacramento Valley rice farmers.

But the international fight over rice subsidies may just be getting started.
With negotiations on ice, developing countries hurt by European and U.S.
subsidies appear likely to turn to litigation through the World Trade
Organization.

"In the absence of an agreement, I think it's everybody's expectation that
countries may file specific suits against elements of the U.S. farm program,"
said Tim Johnson, president of the California Rice Commission.

Such litigation can force significant change: The U.S. government recently was
forced to eliminate export subsidies for cotton after Brazil won a WTO case.

Cuts to rice subsidies would affect the economies of many of the Sacramento
Valley's rural communities, where the rice industry contributes about $1 billion
annually.

"Many of the small towns -- including us -- rely on the rice industry for a
livelihood," said John Bush, the mayor of Biggs, in Butte County. "Subsidies are
distasteful to me, but so is losing our economy."

A challenge to U.S. rice subsidies seems likely to come first from Uruguay. The
South American country of 3 million people earns a tenth of its total export
revenue from rice, and has been threatening since last summer to bring a formal
complaint against the United States.

Negotiators from Uruguay's rice industry association agreed to hold off on the
case while the WTO talks were ongoing. Now, said Michael Rou, a Rio Oso rice
farmer who has been involved in talks with the Uruguayan representatives, the
pressure likely will start to build again.

The basis for a complaint would be WTO rules that prohibit certain types of farm
support referred to as trade-distorting subsidies. Such payments encourage
farmers to grow rice regardless of the world market price, increasing the supply
of rice and lowering prices for exporters in other countries.

Although the United States grows only 1.5 percent of the world's rice, it is the
world's fourth-leading exporter. U.S. rice exports account for about 13 percent
of the global total.

It's not clear whether Uruguay has a winnable case, said Colin Carter, a
professor of agricultural and resource economics at the University of
California, Davis.

When Brazil successfully challenged U.S. cotton subsidies, the WTO ruling turned
on a subtle detail of farm policy that doesn't apply to rice growers, he said.

"I don't think the Uruguayans could simply take the cotton case and run with
it," he said.

In addition, the United States is a less significant global player in the rice
trade than in the cotton trade, making it difficult for Uruguay to argue that
U.S. rice subsidies distort the market.

Litigation would be costly for the California rice industry, Rou said, which
would bear some of the cost of fighting the case along with the federal
government.

A loss would be something of a worst-case world trade outcome for the region's
rice growers.

If U.S. negotiators had gotten the WTO agreement that they had sought, rice
farmers would have seen cuts in federal subsidies, but trade barriers imposed by
some key rice-importing countries, notably Japan, would have been reduced.

An economic analysis of the U.S. proposal by researchers at Iowa State
University predicted that the changes would have produced a price jump of 28
percent for California rice and a 13 percent increase in production.

As it is, California rice farmers stand to lose their subsidies, but not gain
the market benefits that might have come with a trade deal.

Independent of what happens in the WTO, the large U.S. subsidy programs for
rice, corn, wheat, soy and cotton likely will be under fire as soon as Congress
debates the 2007 farm bill. Congress rewrites national farm policy once every
five years. The Bush administration has hinted that it will push for cuts in the
traditional large subsidy programs, which account for 93 percent of federal farm
subsidies and amounted to $20 billion in 2005.

Rice subsidies to California farmers have ranged from $88 million to $294
million annually in the past decade. Nearly all of the state's rice is grown in
the Sacramento Valley.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sacramento Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060729-SA-0729-Trade-talks-collapse-could-put-rice-subsidies-at-risk

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SA


                         Copyright 2006 Sacramento Bee


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

The good and bad of subsidies

BYLINE: Shafie Apdal

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 835 words


THERE have been several comments and articles over the past few months
concerning the issue of subsidies, not least of which was the prime minister's
comment in February highlighting the need to restructure the nation's subsidy
regime.

This year, Malaysia will spend some RM21 billion on direct subsidies, the bulk
of which will go to the energy sector. Traditionally, the prime purpose of the
subsidy component of our economy is to provide "shelters" for a range of
activities, including, for example, the protection of emerging local industries,
the stabilisation of prices, the securing of export markets, and eradication of
poverty.

There is no doubt that in many ways this has reaped some success, but as the
world's economy and our own has changed, there is a growing downside and an
increasing incidence of unacceptable market and other distortions.

The problem with any form of subsidy is usually its non-selectivity. It has
become more apparent that the fuel subsidy has unfairly provided the wealthier
members of our society with disproportionate benefits. No such subsidy is given
to non-vehicle owners, who are usually the worse off.

In urban Malaysia, I suggest, the fuel subsidy has encouraged greater car
ownership and, thus congested roads, increased traffic accidents, public
frustration, greater environmental pollution and a lack of will to increase and
improve public transport.

Electricity is subsidised nationwide irrespective of the needs of the user, as
natural gas is provided at 25 per cent of the commercial price to the power
sector. Fishermen receive a fuel subsidy at a rate of 30 per cent, and even some
segments of the transport sector are beneficiaries.

Of course, some would argue that the poor do gain, in that the subsidies keep
down the cost of some essential goods and services, i.e. the price of fish. That
may be so but there are better ways of ensuring that the poor are not only
protected but also avoid the consequential subsidy dependency while having
access to a higher standard of living through greater local economic activity.

Any form of subsidy, direct or indirect, distort the market. This may be
necessary or even desirable in some circumstances -- for example, the government
has a duty to ensure the people are protected from those who are in a position
to manipulate markets and prices.

The government also has a duty to ensure that the economic environment is such
that new commercial enterprises, particularly the higher added-value sectors,
can enter the market, be competitive and prosper.

However, I think we have reached the stage where some of the subvention measures
are having a deleterious effect, as the majority of the people - including
business people - have no idea of the real cost of many of the things they buy.

The effect is more serious in the commercial world, for subsidies can act as a
brake on competitiveness and lead to loss of incentive, lower productivity,
wastage, over-manning and low wages - the very things the New Economic Model is
attempting to address.

Furthermore, there is evidence to suggest that the current subsidy regime
encourages leakage and hoarding.

It is an uncomfortable fact of life that changes to the subsidy regime are
likely to bring howls of protest. It is also inevitable that if we are to move
to a more realistic market-based price/cost structure, we must face the fact
that some people will have to pay more. It is surely better to take the medicine
now than face the pain of major surgery later.

It is interesting to note that others in our region, such as Indonesia, have
grasped the subsidy nettle. If they can do it, why can't we? Policy changes
should be phased in and driven by redefining the objectives and principles upon
which subventions are based.

Let me begin this process by proposing that any subsidy should be selective in
application, predicated on an identified need for protection, applied on a
time-limited reviewable basis, and avoid creating a dependency culture, while
increasing empowerment.

We owe it to the public to spell out the dangers of failing to change and the
potential gains. The latter could include, for example, increased, rapid and
sustained investment in public transport, improvements to public services, and
strengthening the social safety net.

I believe that the government will gain more from investing the currently
allocated subsidy funds directly into the economy, especially in enhanced
education and training. Moreover, if the released funds are targeted at
carefully selected sectors where the multiplier effect is significant, I am
persuaded that the impact on earning power will be greater.

I recognise that what I am suggesting will be vehemently opposed by some, and
that it will require political courage and commitment through the necessary
period of transition. But I am convinced that the long-term gains are such that
it is a battle that must be joined for our economic health and the good of all.

The writer is Minister of Rural and Regional Development

( END )

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                                  May 6, 1999

Issues need to be studied first before subsidies are withdrawn

BYLINE: By Shukor Rahman

SECTION: National News analysis; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 875 words


OVER the years, a bewildering variety of Government subsidies has been
introduced with recipients ranging from farmers and fishermen to students,
youth and even entrepreneurs.

The subsidies may come in the form of boats, engines, nets and even
houses for fishermen; seedlings, tools, machinery, animal feed, pesticides
and fertilisers for farmers; scholarships, a textbook loan scheme,
uniforms, bags, shoes and bicycles for students.

Youths are provided sports equipment, courts, football jerseys and
sports wear, business opportunities and sponsored visits while
entrepreneurs receive capital grants, bazaar buildings, stalls, business
sites, equipment, offices and even stall umbrellas!

While there are deserving cases, one cannot help wonder whether certain
sections of the rakyat are being spoilt to the extent that there is no
longer any spirit of self-reliance.

No Government would be able to continue giving subsidies endlessly,
especially more so during economic slowdowns.

The question is: Has the time come for the Government to put an end to
this subsidy mentality?

Teras, a Sungai Petani-based non-governmental organisation, recently
launched a berdikari or be self-reliant campaign for Malays.

Its chairman Mohamad Azmi Abdul Hamid said the mindset of the Malays
needed to be radically adjusted if they wanted to achieve the level of
progress of the other communities.

"The Malays must do a lot of soul searching and ask themselves where
they stand today as compared to the other communities in the country.

"Can they match the others in terms of income? As for self-motivation,
are they better or worse off than the others," he asked.

He feels that Malays generally were not doing well enough despite all
the assistance given, and are not catching up as well as the Chinese and
Indians.

Despite the injection of allocations in the form of heavy subsidy
schemes, direct and indirect assistance, he said, the Malays generally had
not advanced themselves.

Teras, he said, was concerned that through heavy assistance, a "reverse
effect" was being created of over-dependence by Malays on subsidies and
assistance, thereby killing their self-initiative and confidence.

Subsidies, he said, were necessary only to the extent of assisting
genuinely incapable individuals or families to meet basic needs.

"We need to educate Malays to exercise positive mental attitudes which
seem to be relatively lacking."

Azmi believes that Malays can get rid of the subsidy mentality through
motivation, a positive attitude and a proper outlook.

He listed several negative traits which prevent the community from
becoming self-reliant, such as becoming easily satisfied with what they
have, lacking in determination in their undertakings, and having a
tendency to overspend.

Many Malay households, he said, were not managing their expenditure
properly and this resulted in many incurring debts.

Due to indisciplined financial management, many have become debt-ridden
and this has affected their lives.

He said various income groups incur debts in order to pay high monthly
instalments for luxury items.

Teras wants the Government to look into the entire purpose of providing
subsidies, and the whole implementation of subsidy distribution to ensure
the subsidies are reaching those really deserving cases.

Azmi said the Malays have a wealth of Islamic teachings on self-reliance
which they have not put into practice.

"Malays will have to undergo a cultural transformation as they seem to
inherit the wrong mental attitudes.

"Extravagance and affluent living, together with the debt culture, have
distorted the Malay attitude towards life," he said.

This matter, he said, cannot be left to the politicians alone. "At least
let the rakyat have a healthy debate on an issue which greatly affects
them," he said.

Veteran Umno politician Datuk Mohamad Yussof Latif, however, feels some
subsidies are essential.

He cited the example of padi farmers, who would still need subsidies as
they face various problems which would be quite insurmountable without
Government assistance.

Our padi farmers, he said, cannot be compared to farmers in America who
are better off financially.

"If our padi farmers stopped planting padi, we would have to import more
rice and we will be losing foreign exchange," he said.

Yussof said padi planters and fishermen still required assistance and
there would be tragic consequences if subsidies were to be withdrawn now.

Another veteran politician Kassim Ahmad said it is a fact that there are
people who are really in need of such subsidies.

A thorough study of the entire issue, he said, would have to be
undertaken first, before a decision was made to withdraw the subsidies.

"At the moment, the problem is a lot of subsidies are not reaching those
who really should be getting them," he said.

Fisherman Saidin Hussain of Pulau Betong said he does not believe in
asking for subsidies whether from the Government or from anyone. He saved
up to buy his own boat, engine and nets.

"When you accept things from people, you are indebted to them. Some
people give with the right hand and wrest something back with the other,"
he said.


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1999 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Options for wheat policy

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: Karachi


The recent increase in the support price of wheat by the PML-N government from
Rs1200 to Rs1300 has aroused keen interest of analysts and researchers as the
country's agrarian economy is primarily a wheat economy.

Wheat is a staple food of the people and thus occupies a central position in
framing agricultural support price policy. The crop contributes 13.1pc to value
added in agriculture and 2.8pc to the GDP. It is cultivated on 52.7pc of total
cropped area, accounts for 65pc of total food grain production and provides 72pc
of calories and protein in an average diet. Per capita wheat consumption in
Pakistan is 98.4kg per year.

Though, Pakistan is Asia's third largest wheat producer, it remains a net
importer of wheat due to lack of investment, inefficiency and sustained
population increase.

Owing to budgetary constraints, it is not prudent to fill the total gap between
supply and demand through only price support policy; but at the same time, it is
also important to consider the distribution of benefits among consumers and
producers.

Using the right combination of the policy options i.e. free market, input and
import subsidy or price support, the government can meet the required policy
objective of benefiting consumers as well as producers. It is necessary for the
government to choose an optimal combination of the available alternative policy
options.

It is empirically estimated by this author and colleagues in a research paper
that when import and input subsidy are combined, producer's loss decreases
continuously with the increase in input subsidy component. The cost to the
government is increasing with the increase in input subsidy and the fall in
import component. By combining price support and import subsidy option it is
estimated that producer's gain increases with the decrease in import subsidy and
increases in price support whereas the cost to the government rises
continuously.

The net benefit to the society remains negative for all combinations of import
subsidy of wheat and price support. Producer's gain and government cost rises as
the share of price support increases.

Net benefit and the rate of return for each policy option decrease with the
increase in price support component. However, if the preference is to take care
of other groups in the society as well, then the best policy option is to
combine support price and input subsidy components in the ratio of 10 and 90.

When all the three alternatives i.e., import subsidy, input subsidy, and price
support are combined in different proportions the optimal net benefit to the
society is observed under a policy where import subsidy and price support is
10pc each and input subsidy component is 80pc.

The producer's gain under this option is also higher than any previous
combination and cost to the government is relatively less. This is one of the
best alternative policy options for government.

The appropriate combination of alternative policy options depends on the welfare
function. In the short-run, the best policy is the combined policy i.e., when
input subsidy and price support contributes 90 and 10pc respectively, because it
generates maximum net returns to the society.

The input subsidy can be selected as a second-best option for short run because
of positive net return as compared to import subsidy and prices support option.
Thus, it is not prudent to fill the total gap between supply and demand through
price support policy only; but at the same time, it is also important to
consider the distribution of benefits among consumers and producers.

This problem can be handled with the help of a combined policy option by
selecting the most desirable combination of the alternative policy options.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Bahrain News Agency (BNA)

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Guest speakers in BTV Talk-Show urge re-directing Government subsidies

LENGTH: 478 words


Manama: Dec. 4 - (BNA)-- Several specialists urged for re-consideration of
subsidies provided by the Government to Bahraini community by re-directing it in
order to ensure that these subsidies reach the intended Bahraini citizens
directly.



This was voiced by several specialists during (Opinions and Dimensions)
television talk show recently who cited various forms of subsidies applicable in
many countries around the globe, including the form of subsidies applicable in
Bahrain since the past century which is the form of subsidies to essential
commodities. Another form found feasible by studies is the direct form of cash
bursary in the hands of eligible citizens or in the form of cash remittance.
Financial support is essential to the community in order to achieve social and
economic equilibrium.
Actually, TV programme show focused its discussion on Government subsidies to
essential commodities such as foodstuffs, diesel, etc.
Subsidies to oil products constitute a burden to countries throughout the world
and undermine the competitiveness of the oil refining industry because this
sector usually achieves only a rather low profit margin. The programme guest
speakers discussed the impact of current policy of subsidies, including the bane
of unchecked smuggling of essential commodities and foodstuffs to abroad for the
purpose of profiting from the price difference locally compared with prices in
the destination country which brings in fast but illegal profits to smugglers.
The Bahrain TV show presented remarkable statistics of government subsidies from
the past six years. The total amount of government subsidy on wheat flour,
mutton, poultry, electricity and water, and local oil and gas sales reached BD
823 million in 2007, BD 1,126 million in 2012 and may reach up BD 1,378 million
in 2014.
Government subsidies on oil products between 2007 and 2012 reached BD 149
million. It reached BD 288 million by the end of last year (2012). Meanwhile,
preliminary statistics indicate that the total amount of subsidies to these
products reached BD 213 million by September this year.
Also, the TV programme indicated that the largest consumer sector in Bahrain in
2012 was diesel. Meanwhile the construction and land transportation sector was
77% with variable lesser percentages in other sectors, for instance the maritime
sector 13%, the fisheries sector 7% and the Government sector 3%.
The Ministry of Finance Undersecretary for Economic Affairs, Yusuf Humood, said
that expatriate-residents, tourists, large companies and commercial
establishments in Bahrain partake in sharing the benefit of government subsidies
and this hampers it reaching eligible Bahraini citizens.  (IY)

I.Y
BNA 1032 GMT 2013/12/04
<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>Publishing Rights Reserved to Bahrain News
Agency © 2003 - 2013 Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 387


    Copyright 2003 -  2013 Publishing Rights Reserved to Bahrain News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                 July 15, 2012
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Wind farm subsidies to top £1bn this year

BYLINE: ROBERT MENDICK; EDWARD MALNICK; PATRICK HENNESSY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 756 words


THE COST of subsidies for wind farms is expected to top a billion pounds this
year for the first time.

The disclosure comes ahead of a long-awaited government announcement to cut the
size of the subsidy, which benefits the big energy companies but is added on to
household electricity bills.

The scale of the reduction was last night bogged down in Whitehall wrangling.
Edward Davey, the Energy and Climate Change Secretary, was expected to make a
decision before the Commons breaks up for the summer on Tuesday.

However, Whitehall sources told The Sunday Telegraph last night that discussions
were "still continuing" - code for Coalition rows about the scope of subsidy
cuts - leading to fears that the announcement could be postponed.

Original government plans were to cut onshore wind subsidies by 10 per cent for
the period 2013-17, a move backed by the Liberal Democrats. Conservative MPs
have been fighting for cuts of about 25per cent.

The consumer subsidies were introduced by the Labour government to encourage
green energy projects, including wind farms. However, it is now generally
accepted that the subsidies are too generous as technologies have become
cheaper.

According to an analysis of official figures by the thinktank Renewable Energy
Foundation (REF), the total annual subsidy for onshore and offshore wind farms
has, for the first time, topped £1billion.

REF said that 10 companies will, between them, receive £800 million through
subsidies over the next 12 months.

The biggest winner is Dong Energy, a Danish energy company, which is on course
to earn more than £156 million in subsidies through its British wind farms. Dong
is also paid for the energy that it sells to the National Grid.

The next highest earner is Vattenfall, a state-owned Swedish energy
conglomerate, which will earn £128 million from its wind farms. Out of the top
10, only two of the companies are British-owned - Centrica, which will receive
£58million in subsidy, and SSE, which is due £53million.

The remaining energy companies that make money out of British wind farms and
British consumers are based in Germany, Norway, Spain and Italy.

The subsidy cut has caused anxiety in the onshore wind farm business, which has
lobbied hard to keep the reduction at 10 per cent - a figure that was first
mooted in a consultation document last year. The reduction was suggested as a
means of deterring "poorly sited projects which are more expensive to develop".
Offshore wind farms, which are more expensive and receive a bigger subsidy, face
a 5 per cent subsidy cut.

Backbench Conservative MPs want a bigger reduction. Oliver Letwin, a Cabinet
minister who is close to David Cameron, revealed in an email last month that he
expected the subsidy to be scrapped by 2020.

REF, which opposes wind farms on the grounds of cost and on the damage they do
to the countryside, said that the planned subsidy cut - even at a 25 per cent
reduction - may still not be enough to cap costs because of the number of
planned wind farms.

John Constable, director of REF, said: "The total savings that a 25per cent
reduction in subsidy could produce are macro-economically signifi-cant, and it
is unlikely that either the Treasury or the Department for Business, Innovation
and Skills will want to stop there. Retrospective cuts for existing wind farms
and those in construction cannot be ruled out."

He described the future saving as "a big barnacle scraped off the hull of the UK
economy".

The size of the cut, and a possible delay in the announcement, has caused
uncertainty in the wind energy industry. The industry's figures show that 348
onshore wind farms are in operation and that 275 have planning consent but
remain unbuilt.

REF claims that "investor anxiety over the long term sustainability of the
subsidies is a major factor" in explaining why energy companies have not erected
more onshore wind farms.

One developer, RES, which has not started construction on several projects that
have planning permission, insisted that it was nothing to do with the subsidy
cut.

A spokesman for RES said: "There is nothing on any of these wind farms that is
holding them up. They are just going through due process."

Proposals for an offshore wind farm in the Irish Sea between Anglesey and the
Isle of Man have been submitted.

The joint venture between Centrica and Dong Energy could include up to 440
turbines. Centrica said that the plans were in an extremely early stage.

£800m Subsidies will be received by 10 energy companies, only two of which are
British-owned, in the next 12 months

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

No more petrol subsidy cut until June next year, says govt

BYLINE: P Prem Kumar

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 343 words


The government will not cut petrol subsidies until June next year when its new
targeted subsidy mechanism for RON95 fuel is implemented.

Deputy Finance Minister Datuk Ahmad Maslan said the government expects the
subsidy mechanism for the widely used non-premium RON95 to be introduced in June
2015 but a mechanism for diesel fuel could be implemented as early as January.

"The diesel subsidy system might be implemented using a flipcard (an electronic
card system) and the RON95 fuel subsidy the MyKad (national registration
identity).

"The MyKad plan might be based on individual car ownership.

But every detail is being scrutinised, and will be announced soon," he told
reporters after officiating the National Taxation Seminar on Tuesday.

The federal government spent RM23.5 billion in fuel subsidies last year, and
expects to dish out RM21 billion in such subsidies this year. Petrol subsidy
constitutes 50% of the total given.

Ahmad Maslan hinted that individuals with a monthly income of less than RM4,000
might be entitled for the proposed targeted subsidy.

The deputy minister said the Ministry of Domestic Trade, Cooperat ives and
Consumerism has requested for proposals on how to implement the targeted petrol
subsidy mechanism.

"They will decide and make necessary announcements," he added.

Earlier this month, the government had reduced 20 sen from given subsidies for
RON95 and diesel. The new selling price for RON95 rose to RM2.30 a litre while
diesel is at RM2.20 a litre.

Moody's Investors Service viewed the government's move to reduce the fuel
subsidy, for the second time in over a year, as credit positive but added more
reforms were needed to reach a balanced budget by 2020.

The international rating agency said on Monday the move is credit positive for
the sovereign as it will help reduce the government's subsidy bill and
contribute to its fiscal consolidation.

"However, further reforms will be necessary if the government is to meet its
goal of achieving a balanced budget by 2020," the rating agency had said the
following day.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 04, 2014

Kerosene Subsidy - Removal Delayed to Avert Labour, Masses Unrest

BYLINE: Clara Nwachukwu

LENGTH: 1584 words


Available evidence has indicated that the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation, NNPC, was advised to stay action on the implementation of the
removal of subsidy on kerosene to avert labour and masses unrest.

Recall that in the wake of the scandal on NNPC remittances to the Federation
accounts, the former Governor, Central Bank of Nigeria, CBN, Mallam Sanusi
Lamido Sanusi, had declared kerosene subsidy as illegal.

But the stay of action Vanguard gathered was approved by an Inter-ministerial
Committee set up by late President Umaru Musa Yar'Adua, on the deregulation of
the downstream.

According to the Committee, "This unanimous decision was a strategic move to win
the hearts and minds of the public over the eventual goal of deregulating the
downstream sector as a whole."

In a series of memos among the ministries of Petroleum, Finance, and NNPC over a
period of five years exclusively obtained by Sweetcrude, this fact was
reiterated over and over again.

In one of the memos dated February 15, 2010, the then Group Managing Director,
NNPC, Mr. Mohammed Barkindo, reminded the then Minister of Finance, Dr. Mansur
Muhtar of this decision, when the Corporation was having problems with getting
payment for claims for kerosene subsidy.

In the memo entitled: "Re: Endorsement of Action Plan on the Deregulation of the
Downstream Petroleum Sub-sector - Subsidy for Kerosene," Barkindo reminded
Muhtar of the directive to NNPC "to delay implementation of the decision to
remove subsidy on kerosene."

The stay of action remained even as the NNPC, in subsequent correspondences
constantly sought clarification on the implementation of the removal of kerosene
subsidy "to avoid misunderstandings".

Unknown to many Nigerians, subsidy on household kerosene was removed on June 15,
2009, albeit, with a caveat that "Public announcement of this measure should be
avoided," as directed by late Yar'Adua.

A memo by the Principal Secretary to the President, PSP, to Yar'Adua, dated June
10, 2009, "kindly invited" the late president to, among others, advise key
government officials on the decision to remove subsidy on Kerosene.

The memo, with Reference No: SH/PSP/24/A/812, specifically urged Mr President to
direct the then Minister of Petroleum Resources, Dr. Rilwanu Lukman, to
"Eliminate existing subsidy on the consumption of kerosene taking into account
that subsidy payments by Government on kerosene do not reach the intended
beneficiaries."

The PSP also added that "Public announcement of this measure should be avoided,"
possibly to also avoid public outcry at that period.

Furthermore, in a subsequent memo to the Chief Economic Adviser, dated, October
19, 2009, the PSP wrote, "... in my humble opinion the NNPC should not be
entitled to claim from the Petroleum Support Fund (PSF) in respect of kerosene
with effect from the date of Mr. President approval i.e. 15th June 2009."

The memo signed by David Edevbie, and with the reference: SH/PSP/24/A/1087, also
acknowledged that the Presidential directives had been "conveyed to the Hon.
Minister of Petroleum Resources and copied to the relevant state officials."

However, confusion has trailed the implementation of the kerosene subsidy
removal since 2009, mainly because it was to be executed without "public
announcement" as well as the fact that the Muhtar-led Presidential Committee,
had called for a stay of action on the decision.

The confusion became evident in subsequent correspondences on the subject, as
contained in the following memos:

·Mr. Odein Ajumogobia (Minister of State), on April 17, 2009 to Muhtar

·Mr. Mohammed Barkindo (GMD), December 16, 2009, to Muhtar

·Mr. Mohammed Barkindo, February 15, 2010, to Muhtar

·Mr. Mohammed Barkindo, March 2, 2010, to Muhtar

·Mallam Shehu Ladan (GMD), April 30, 2010 to Aganga

·Mrs. Diezani Alison-Madueke (Minister), May 24, 2010 to Aganga

·Austin Oniwon (GMD), March 1, 2011 to Alison-Madueke

·Alison-Madueke, March 1, 2011 to Aganga

While expressing full support for the deregulation of the downstream petroleum
sector and the removal of subsidy on kerosene, the NNPC constantly noted that it
will stop subsidy deductions if specifically directed to do so."

The NNPC's caveat on the removal of kerosene subsidy was apparently based on the
decision of the Presidential Committee to put the implementation on hold in one
of its meetings.

The meeting, which was held in the office of Lukman, was also attended by
Muhtar, Ajumogobia, as well as the Chief Economic Adviser to the President, and
Barkindo.

In the memo by Barkindo to Muhtar on December 16, 2009, he recalled that "After
extensive discussions on the issues on the implementation of kerosene subsidy
removal, which at that time will translate to an increase in the price of
kerosene, NNPC was directed to delay the implementation of the Presidential
decision to remove subsidy on kerosene."

He further recalled that the Committee's decision was based on "... a strategic
move to win the hearts and minds of NLC (Nigeria Labour Congress) and the public
over the eventual goal of deregulating the downstream sector as a whole."

He had also complained that: "The Principal Secretary to the President and
Commander-in-Chief of the Federal Republic of Nigeria (PSP), had in a memo to
the National Security Adviser, dated October 19, 2009, sought to deny NNPC of
the right to claim subsidy on kerosene effective June 15, 2009, on the ground
that NNPC did not implement Mr. President's directive on the issue."

Barkindo further noted that Muhtar, in his capacity as the Chairman of the
Presidential Committee had, "the authority of Mr. President to determine the
takeoff date for the implementation of the decision to eliminate subsidy on
kerosene."

He therefore, sought among others for the minister to continue to approve NNPC's
claims on Kerosene subsidy; and to direct the PPPRA to continue to honour such
claims.

He also sought that the PSP be advised "of the decisions of the
inter-ministerial committee on the deregulation of the downstream sector
directing NNPC to delay the implementation of the sale of DPK (kerosene) at
deregulated price and to clear up any misunderstanding on the part of the PSP in
this regard."

Unfortunately, the misunderstanding has remained till date, as Sanusi insisted
at last week's public hearing that, "We do not accept the legality of the
kerosene subsidy deduction."

The former CBN governor at an earlier public hearing at the Senate on NNPC
remittances on February 4, had also declared as followed:

·That implementation of kerosene subsidy regime is a violation of the DPK
deregulation order by the late President Yar'Adua.

·That the directive was communicated to and received by NNPC.

·That the average supply of DPK vessels by NNPC was between four and six vessels
per month with a conversion factor of 1,136 litres equals 1 Metric Ton.

·That NNPC rendered nil returns on kerosene subsidy from April 2012 to December
2013.

·That NNPC delayed in filing subsidy claims to PPPRA.

·That the entire subsidy implementation is a farce/myth.

The CBN's rejection of the legality of the kerosene subsidy was in spite of the
explanations by the Petroleum Minister, Mrs. Diezani Alison-Madueke that the
stay of action was advised by the Presidential Committee.

According to her, "The reason for staying action is because if we removed the
subsidy on kerosene suddenly, obviously kerosene will go up three times the
price it is selling today. It will cause a major problem for the economy and the
government. There will be untold hardship for the Nigeria masses.

"The GMD at that time wrote two memos to the Finance Minister seeking for
clarification despite a presidential directive but no clarification came, hence
the subsidy remained. The issue of deduction at source happened because the
product landed at N150 and was sold at N50.

"There is a N100 gap, which must be covered and it is not budgeted for. The NNPC
was unable to retrieve the amount. In this case, based on the first line charge
in the Appropriation Act, it means that NNPC would have gone under long time ago
under the weight of the subsidy, and it would have affected the economy of other
countries in West Africa."

But Sanusi's outburst has led to a series of claims and counter-claims between
the CBN and the Ministry of Petroleum/NNPC on the one hand as well as between
the CBN and Ministry of Finance on the other.

The counter claims resulted in the call for a forensic audit of the NNPC
accounts and a legal interpretation of the legality of kerosene subsidy.

While Nigerians await the outcome of these actions, NNPC's GMD, Mr. Andrew
Yakubu, insisted that "NNPC did not flout any directive. The actual position is
that the directive to implement the deregulation of Kerosene was not received by
NNPC ... ostensibly due to the perceived challenges in implementation process."

He further noted "... the presidential directive contained conflicting
provisions that required further clarification to support the implementation.
Mr. Chairman, NNPC attempted through several correspondences to seek
clarifications on the conflicting provisions in the directive without any
positive response."

He also recalled a "House of Representative Resolution on 5 July 2011,
supporting the retention of the subsidy on HHK and directed the retention of the
sale of HHK at N50 per liter."

But Nigerians are already paying more because kerosene, apart from being a dual
purpose fuel and used for both domestic/household kerosene and aviation fuel, is
also being used for other industrial purposes.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                  May 21, 2016

Petrol Subsidy - Choosing Between Two 'Evils' [opinion]

BYLINE: M.U Ndagi

LENGTH: 998 words


When the pump price of petrol was increased in January 2012 from N65/litre to
N141/litre, which due to pressures from labour unions, was later reduced to
N86.50/litre, some public commentators knew even then that the debate over
petrol subsidy was yet to be over. Since the last increase of the pump price of
petrol in 2012, long queues at filling stations occasioned by persistent
scarcity of the product became a daily phenomenon in Nigerian towns and cities,
causing hardship for Nigerians. For most part of the past four years,
black-marketeering of petrol by opportunistic and highly profiteering dealers
turned scarcity of the product into a norm rather than an exception in the
country.

Last week, the Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu,
announced a new price regime for petrol. The minister told reporters that the
decision to increase the fuel price was arrived at a meeting of various
stakeholders presided over by Vice President Yemi Osinbajo at the State House,
Abuja. The meeting was attended by the leadership of the two chambers of the
National Assembly, the Nigeria Governors Form, and labour unions, including the
NLC, TUC, NUPENG and PENGASSAN. According to Kachikwu, the meeting reviewed
among others the persistent fuel scarcity and supply difficulties in the
country.

While decrying the exorbitant prices of between N150 and N250/litre paid by
Nigerians to buy the product, the meeting according to the minister, traced the
main reason for the unending fuel crisis to the inability of importers to source
foreign exchange at the official rate due to the sharp decline in the forex
earnings of the federal government. This consequently led to the inability of
private marketers to meet their approximately 50 percent portion of total of
national supply of petrol. The minister explained that the only option left for
government under this circumstance was to increase the pump price of the
product.

Under the new price regime, Kachikwu announced that all oil marketers will be
allowed to import petrol, otherwise called Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), on the
basis of the foreign exchange procured from the parallel market. This, the
minister mentioned, would increase and stabilise the supply of the product just
as improved supply of the product would equally force down the pump price as
experienced when government stopped paying for subsidy on diesel.

As witnessed in the past, Nigerians even now remain divided over government's
decision to increase the pump price of petrol to N145/litre which by implication
entails the discontinuation by government of payment of subsidy to marketers for
importing refined petroleum products. While some commentators, including this
writer, consider subsidy as 'organised theft' orchestrated by a single digit
percentage of Nigerians whose intrigues and blackmail deny many citizens (if not
most) the right to quality life, others, including a section of the leadership
of the Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) as well as the Lagos-based lawyer Femi
Falana, regard the action as illegal, immoral and insensitive. Each of the two
polar views on fuel subsidy (paying for it and withdrawing it) looks at the
consequences of the other person's position as nothing less than evil. Assuming
both positions were evil, it's a matter of government choosing the lesser evil
from the two.

If some people think the withdrawal of subsidy from petrol is an evil that
government must eschew, many Nigerians on the other hand consider its payment as
a worse evil. The only glaring 'evil' in the withdrawal of petrol subsidy is the
momentary hardship which Nigerians are likely to experience as a result of the
resultant rise in the cost of goods and services, including transport fares and
food items. There obviously seems to be greater advantages than evil in the
withdrawal of subsidy from petrol. Its apparent benefits include availability of
the product.

As for the 'evils' of retaining subsidy on petrol, they are many. With the
massive decline in the forex earned by the federal government, it would be evil
and wicked of it to continue to expend more than half of its forex earnings on
fuel subsidy to the detriment of other critical sectors, including health,
education and roads. Payment of subsidy in huge sums from the limited forex
earning has over the years denied Nigerians access to quality education,
efficient primary healthcare services, good roads, clean potable water, etc.
Government is said to have spent about N9 trillion on payment of fuel subsidy
between 2012 and 2016.

In spite of the subsidy paid by government in colossal sums, Nigerians do not
get petrol to buy at the official pump price of N86.50k/litre. The defense
advanced most often by marketers is that government had not paid the subsidy
owed them, and therefore, they would be at a loss if they sell the product at
official price. Nigerians, thus, have always been 'compelled' by marketers to
pay directly for the subsidy each time they bought the product above official
pump price. Is it not an evil, worst for that matter, on the part of marketers
who collect reimbursement of the subsidy money owed them by government after
they have directly collected same from Nigerians who bought the product at
filling stations? Government would be seen to be abetting corruption, which is
an evil, if it allows marketers to continue to receive double payments over one
item (i. e. subsidy). Besides these evils, there is hardly any advantage that
accrues to Nigerians from the continuous payment of subsidy on petrol.

The pro-subsidy leadership of the NLC as well as other Nigerians that are yet to
be convinced over the withdrawal of subsidy on petrol; are encouraged to engage
government in dialogue; not protests or blackmail. Strikes and protests are
about outliving their usefulness in the eyes of Nigerian masses. May Allah (SWT)
always guide our leaders to take the best of decisions that will be in the
overall national interest of Nigerians, amin.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday

Social security plan needed before subsidy removal - Iran analyst

LENGTH: 551 words


Text of commentary by Behruz Behzadi headlined "Look before you leap" published
by Iranian newspaper E'temad on 28 October

Several days ago I wrote a comprehensive commentary that in order to remove
subsidies, an efficient social security system is required. The next day a
reader called me, who bothered me as much as possible. That individual fiercely
criticized me and asked why I oppose the government's actions. As he said, he
wanted to expose me and people like me and criticized me that why I wrote that
without having an efficient and comprehensive system of social security the
removal of subsidies is impossible, while there are no benefits from such
manners [of the government].

I told him: You see, my friend, I am personally in favour of removal of the
subsidies, and everywhere I went I have said on every occasion that until the
subsidies are not removed, our economy would not be reformed. However, every
action needs a prepared background and I stressed on that background and the new
social security [plan] is one of the strategies of to prepare the public for
crossing out the subsidies.

The other methods include reducing the inflation rate, unemployment and people's
readiness for cooperation with the government, which would accept the management
of the subsidies removal. Actually, as with the removal of the subsidies we
enter a new phase of reformed structure, the condition of the people's
cooperation and its acceptance by the society is very important.

I also gave other favourable explanations and finally he accepted my logic, but
he still had this judgment in his mind that people like me should keep silent
and let the government to do its job.

Another important issue supplementing my previous commentary is the issue of
cash subsidies payment. In the bill it has been declared that after the removal
of the subsidies, the government should turn to the lower class of the society.
This is the most difficult part, with which the government should deal because
many economic experts are definitely aware of the problematic aspects of
subsidies payment, especially in the case of cash subsidies it is stressed more
seriously.

However, there is another problem, which is the ceiling to cash payment. While
there are no doubts about the arguments related to inflationary character of
subsidies removal, cash subsidies as well are like a new liquidity injection
into the society and will give rise to the inflation, as it is expected. That
means that we will face double inflation, which is not in the benefit of the
country's economy and security of the society. Thus, what should we do?

Dear readers, I also believe that according to our economic experts' views, we
should look before leaping, because if we ignore the high inflation and
unemployment and consider the cooperation of people to be possible, it is
undeniable that just one powerful and efficient system of social security would
be able to work as an infrastructural plan of the subsidies' removal. At the
same time, if our society stressed on social security, there will be no need for
direct and cash payment of subsidies. So, our efforts should be aimed at the
social security plan, and afterwards we can remove the subsidies with a clear
conscience.

Source: E'temad website, Tehran, in Persian, 28 Oct 09, p 1, 2

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

Fuel Subsidy - the Red Herring Effect (Two)

BYLINE: Tonye Princewill

LENGTH: 1125  words


WE will return to the government's need to remove the subsidy later and the
alternate ways it can spend the funds so people will see results rather than
pepper. But first, let's consider the issue from the vantage point of "the
people"-or at least from the perspective of those who purport to speak for them.

That's not easy because almost every antagonist claims to have the people's
interest at heart. No one will admit to playing to the gallery or to vying for
public favour to advance a political agenda. Yet we know this happens. Well,
look where subsidy-warrior Adams Oshiomhole is today! For the record, I like
him. We don't have enough 'hims'.

Be that as it may though, the main arguments against removing the fuel subsidy
fall into three broad units. One of them is what you might call, DENIAL United:
"There is no subsidy".

I touched the edge of this argument earlier, when I said the cost of petroleum
products was not up to the present pump price (of N65 per litre), even without
subsidy.

Controversial, maybe, but in doing so, I was making a different point than the
anti-removal partisans. I was raising the possibility, the prospect that the
'true' cost of petrol may not really exceed the pump price after all when
subsidy is terminated despite the alarm bells which the anti-subsidy removal
lobby is setting off.

This position, I wish to confess, is designed to provoke. Some might even
consider it "wishful thinking". If so, let it be. I claim it. Until you prove to
me that an efficient organisation cannot pull it off, I remain a faithful member
of this team.

The truth is, nobody can say with any degree of certainty what will happen,
should the government keep to its plan of action. Whatever occurs, the outcome
cannot be as bleak as the picture some people like to paint-that of starving
masses faced with a 50 per cent hike in product pricing.

Perhaps though, it is best, at this juncture, to let the some of my team mates
speak for themselves, starting with the Vanguard's own columnist, Adisa Adeleye.
If there is any subsidy, he contends, in My Layman's View, it is for imported
petroleum, rather than for domestically produced Premium Motor Spirits, PMS.

Concerning the latter, he writes that: "Some believe, and justifiably so, that
the present pump price of N65 per litre does not allow for any subsidy".

Professor Tam David-West, a former Petroleum Minister, speaking with Yemi
Ogunsola and Laolu Adeyemi of The Guardian, was even more direct: "Nonsense," he
scoffed. "There is no subsidy".

This perspective, of course, is not new. As far back as 2006, a group called the
"Strategic Union of Professionals for The Advancement of Nigeria", under the
leadership of Chief Martin Onovo, conducted extensive research and concluded
that "the claim of subsidies on petroleum is clearly incorrect".

Generally speaking, the second group, SUBSIDY United, takes the subsidy as a
right and insists that it should be retained. Members of this unit, tend to
share the outlook of The Pilot's Emma Alozie, who recently accused the Jonathan
administration of giving to workers with one hand and taking from them with the
other.

"What is the need," he complained, "of paying N18,000 minimum wage and
collecting same through subsidy removal? This is because the moment the pump
price of fuel increases, every salary earner loses at least 50 percent of his
income through the resultant inflation".

Alozie's serialised article is scholarly and well reasoned but utterly scathing.
He urges policy makers to consider other types of subsidies, such as those
proffered on Christian and Muslim pilgrims to Holy lands which, he asserts, cost
the Federal Government N14.93 billion in 2010.

"In fact," he writes, "the budget on hajj subsidies during Shekarau's tenure as
Governor of Kano State was more than the combined budget of the Scholarship
Board, the State University, Board of the Disabled [and] Small and Medium
Enterprise promotion".

Raw market forces cannot be allowed to run freely, Alozie argues, in a country
that imports fuel and whose power and rail infrastructure is undeveloped. We
use, for example, 10 million litres of PMS each day, he notes, to power
generators-which will prevent demand/supply equilibrium from developing.

If not for the time and place I am in as a person, I might have been tempted to
join this unit as well but alas, I have seen government close up enough to know
its limitations and my new reality tells me that if it was left to this team
alone, Nigeria will never win anything. Either because we would be too broke to
even compete or because the "animals would have taken over the farm". In a
manner of speaking of course.

Ironically, hidden quietly amongst this 'people focused' lot are the culprits
themselves, the beneficiaries of this so-called subsidy. I call them the SUBSIME
faction sitting on the bench. They don't want the subsidy to stop either, so
would love this team to win for their own selfish reasons.

Like most big money football players (to use a footballing analogy), they are in
it for what they can get and to the surprise of their team mates, when they
eventually get it or not, their true colours will show. It is amazing that the
people and the elite can ever belong to the same team. But this is Nigeria, so
what can I say? Miracles happen. The common phrase: "No permanent enemies, just
permanent interests", comes to mind.

The third group CONSPIRACY United is essentially conspiracy-based and government
ridden. It postulates a hidden cartel of "big Nigerians", to use David-Mark's
characterization, who are benefiting immensely from the status quo. Its
adherents, which include a large number of legislators, believe that this cartel
and the mis-management of the subsidy are the real issue.

They take the view that unless Nigerians are prepared to take the pain of
subsidy removal, that is, increased fuel price, this cartel will not be broken.
Just like the DENIAL and SUBSIDY United before, their case is not without merit
either. In fact apart from the SUBSIME faction of SUBSIDY United, all sides have
a case.

That is why the red herring effect remains alive and well. Popularly used to
divert attention, a political red herring has been fed to Nigerians. Subsidy
like zoning is being read its final rites. Rather than focus the mind on how
best to use the money this will save, so many are still discussing if subsidy
should go or stay.

In Old England, the smarter blood hounds eventually learnt not to follow the red
herring but to keep their focus on the real objective which was always the fox.
Like the Paris Club debt we paid off, the benefits never came back to the common
man. I hear we now owe more than we even did then. Nigerians shine your eye!
Think outside the box. Focus on the fox.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) The Harvard Law Review Association 1997.
                               Harvard Law Review

                                   May, 1997

                             110 Harv. L. Rev. 1537

LENGTH: 8497 words

NOTE: FUNCTIONAL ANALYSIS, SUBSIDIES, AND THE DORMANT COMMERCE CLAUSE

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  The tortured jurisprudence of the dormant commerce clause has led one
Justice of the Supreme Court to proclaim the doctrine a "quagmire" and another
Justice to lament that it has, "not to put too fine a point on the matter, made
no sense." ...  A firm is indifferent as to whether its subsidy comes from a
segregated fund or from the general treasury. ...  The combination of tax and
subsidy is thus economically equivalent to a protective tariff, the
"paradigmatic example of a law discriminating against interstate commerce." ...
Thus, provided that State A has the will to proceed with this tariff-versus-
subsidy game, it will win - that is, it will succeed in denying the State B
producer access to the State A market - because State A is not financially
constrained. ...  Hence, because the primary purpose of the dormant commerce
clause is to combat economic protectionism, a principled line can be drawn
between a subsidy and "the paradigmatic example of a law discriminating against
interstate commerce" - the protective tariff. ...  By contrast, in this scenario
of the functional tariff (general tax and subsidy), State B knows that State A
will probably face strong political resistance to any changes in the general tax
rate. ...  When a subsidized industry is subject to a general tax, the
combination of the subsidy and the tax should be constitutionally valid, despite
its tariff-like consequences, because the combination is, all things considered,
largely non-threatening to interstate commerce. ...

TEXT:
 [*1537]

    The tortured jurisprudence of the dormant commerce clause  n1 has led one
Justice of the Supreme Court to proclaim the doctrine a "quagmire"  n2 and
another Justice to lament that it has, "not to put too fine a point on the
matter, made no sense."  n3 The lack of clarity in the Court's dormant commerce
clause opinions largely results from the absence of any "clear theoretical
underpinning":  n4 the dormant commerce clause developed not from the text or
history of the Constitution  n5 or the will of Congress,  n6 but rather out of
an ad hoc administrative concern that Congress would be unable to fend off
states' efforts at protectionism without the courts' help.  n7 The Court has
repeatedly declared that the guiding principle behind its dormant commerce
clause jurisprudence is the prevention of "economic protectionism,"  n8  [*1538]
but it has never fully defined the scope of that term.  n9 Moreover, although
the Court has said that "state statutes that clearly discriminate against
interstate commerce are routinely struck down unless the discrimination is
demonstrably justified by a valid factor unrelated to economic protectionism,"
n10 determining whether particular state legislation is sufficiently
discriminatory to qualify for the presumption of unconstitutionality is itself a
complex undertaking.  n11 The "paradigmatic example" of such a statute is the
protective tariff,  n12 but such tariffs are so "patently unconstitutional" that
states do not enact them.  n13 Instead, states "aspire to reap some of the
benefits of tariffs by other means"  n14 - by enacting tax schemes that raise
the price of out-of-state goods relative to in-state goods and thus producing
the same discriminatory effects as actual tariffs.

    Recognizing that the Court has not established the precise scope of the
dormant commerce clause, this Note explores possible limitations on the clause's
reach - limitations that would identify which state subsidies of local producers
are not functionally equivalent to tariffs, and hence not part of a
presumptively unconstitutional scheme. Part I considers, and rejects, the
bright-line test recently suggested by the Court in West Lynn Creamery, Inc. v.
Healy  n15 - a test that distinguishes between subsidies  n16 financed by the
general treasury and subsidies paid out of a separate fund. Part II posits an
alternative test, which uses a game-theoretical framework to distinguish some
subsidies  [*1539]  from tariffs and thus provides dormant commerce clause
jurisprudence with a functional consistency that the Court's suggested test
lacks.  n17

   I. The Supreme Court's Suggested Test

   A. West Lynn Creamery

 In West Lynn Creamery, the Court suggested a bright-line test to distinguish
between permissible and impermissible subsidies.  n18 The Court addressed the
constitutionality of a nondiscriminatory tax on the milk industry, the revenues
from which were placed into a segregated fund and then disbursed to in-state
members of the industry.  n19 The Court held the tax unconstitutional.  n20
Nevertheless, in dictum, the Court suggested that the assessment would have been
constitutional had the subsidy come from a general fund.  n21 In a footnote, the
Court said: "We have never squarely confronted the constitutionality of
subsidies... We have, however, noted that 'direct subsidization of domestic
industry does not ordinarily run afoul' of the negative Commerce Clause."  n22
In the text, the Court continued: "A pure subsidy funded out of general revenue
ordinarily imposes no burden on interstate commerce, but merely assists local
business. The pricing order in this case, however, is funded principally from
taxes on the sale of milk produced in other States."  n23 Although these
passages are unspecific as to the meaning of "ordinarily," they suggest that a
subsidy funded by the general treasury would probably be constitutional. The
Court did not indicate whether such a subsidy would still be constitutional even
if the subsidized firms were operating in a competitive market and if the
industry were also subject to a nondiscriminatory tax, but the Court's rhetoric
is certainly broad enough to encompass this possibility. Two Justices concurring
in the judgment  n24 and at least two commentators  n25 have argued
unambiguously that such a tax-and-subsidy scheme should pass constitutional
scrutiny. Because such a  [*1540]  scheme would be functionally identical to the
one in West Lynn Creamery, however, this Note argues that the constitutionality
of a tax-and-subsidy combination should not hinge on whether the subsidy came
from the general treasury or from a segregated fund. Rather, the combination
should generally be constitutional unless the tax is industry-specific and
unjustified by the negative externalities that the industry imposes on the
state.

   B. The Inappropriateness of the Court's Test

   1. Common Law Support for a Functional Analysis.

 - The Court's dormant commerce clause jurisprudence consistently has shunned
form and focused instead on function. For example, sixty years ago, in upholding
a state use tax that applied only to goods imported into the taxing state, the
Court, examining the state's tax scheme as a whole, found that the use tax
imposed a burden exactly equal to that imposed on locally produced goods by the
state sales tax.  n26 Thus, the Court found that the tax was not protectionist
and hence did not violate the dormant commerce clause.  n27 Moreover, in Best &
Co., Inc. v. Maxwell,  n28 the Court declared: "The commerce clause forbids
discrimination, whether forthright or ingenious. In each case it is our duty to
determine whether the statute under attack, whatever its name may be, will in
its practical operation work discrimination against interstate commerce."  n29
Looking beyond form has been essential to the Court's efforts to preserve free
trade through the dormant commerce clause, because states have been clever in
devising laws that attain the same functional results as tariffs through
formally different and disguised means.  n30

   2. The Disadvantages of Departing from a Functional Analysis.  - Because
functional analysis has been the touchstone of dormant commerce clause
jurisprudence for over sixty years, the Court should resist departing from it.
Faithful deference to prior decisions maintains consistency in the law and the
integrity of the judicial process.  n31  [*1541]  Adherence to precedent
recognizes "the great virtue in stability"  n32 and prevents judicial
overreaching.  n33

    Perhaps for these reasons, the Court purported to continue to apply this
functional approach in West Lynn Creamery when it recognized that the tax scheme
in question was economically equivalent to a scheme it struck down in Bacchus
Imports, Ltd. v. Dias.  n34 In Bacchus, the Court deemed unconstitutional the
coupling of an excise tax on all sales of wholesale liquor with an exemption for
two local liquor products.  n35 The Court viewed this coupling as a functional
tariff.  n36 Similarly, the combination of tax and subsidy in West Lynn Creamery
also enacted what was effectively a protective tariff.  n37 The Court stressed:
"Our Commerce Clause jurisprudence is not so rigid as to be controlled by the
form by which a State erects barriers to commerce. Rather our cases have
eschewed formalism for a sensitive, case-by-case analysis of purposes and
effects."  n38

   3. The Functional Equivalence of Subsidizing from a Segregated Fund and
Subsidizing from the General Treasury.

 - Although the Court in West Lynn Creamery stressed its prior and continued
adherence to a functional analysis, it suggested in dictum, as noted above,  n39
that it might find a constitutional distinction between those subsidies funded
by the general treasury and those paid out of a segregated fund.  n40 This
distinction is in fact inconsistent with a functional, effects-based analysis,
because the two types of subsidies are economically equivalent. A state subsidy
to in-state producers, when combined with an industrywide tax, has the same
protectionist effect, regardless of the source of the funds: out-of-state
producers are taxed more heavily than in-state producers. And if the amount of
the subsidy is equal to the amount of the tax, then the tax is "effectively
imposed only on out-of-state products."  n41 A firm is indifferent as to whether
its subsidy comes from a segregated fund or from the general treasury. A dollar
[*1542]  is worth a dollar regardless of its source: in either case, its effect
is to lower a firm's marginal cost, and hence the price at which the firm can
sell its goods without suffering a marginal loss. Regardless of whether the
dollar passes through a state's general treasury, it counteracts the burdening
effect of a tax just the same - a corrective denied under the scheme to
out-of-state producers. The combination of tax and subsidy is thus economically
equivalent to a protective tariff, the "paradigmatic example of a law
discriminating against interstate commerce."  n42 The combination "violates the
principle of the unitary national market by handicapping out-of-state
competitors, thus artificially encouraging in-state production even when the
same goods could be produced at lower cost in other States."  n43 By
overlooking, or perhaps disregarding, these undeniable economic consequences,
the dictum in West Lynn Creamery appears to foreshadow a break from the Court's
sound functional jurisprudence.

   II. Exploring a New Limit

   A. The Need for a Limit

 One explanation for the Court's apparent willingness to draw a novel and
unsatisfying bright line between those subsidies funded by the general treasury
and those paid out of a segregated fund is that the Court is concerned with
limiting the potentially infinite scope of the dormant commerce clause. Without
a clear distinction between those state actions that permissibly assist local
producers and those actions that impermissibly advantage local producers at the
expense of out-of-state producers, the dormant commerce clause could potentially
be used to strike down all state subsidies as, in effect, protective tariffs.
Both tariffs and subsidies, assuming no countervailing retaliatory action,  n44
allow in-state producers "who produce at higher cost to sell at or below the
price charged by lower cost out-of-state producers."  n45 Both can be used to
encourage in-state production or to handicap out-of-state production. Tariffs do
so by raising the out-of-state competitor's price, whereas subsidies lower the
in-state producer's price, but both benefit the local producer while burdening
interstate commerce. Thus, the Court might have concluded that subsidies and
tariffs are functionally equivalent but that drawing a line - albeit an
arbitrary one - was necessary to prevent the dormant commerce clause from
prohibiting all state subsidies and thereby intruding excessively on states'
autonomy under a federalist system.  n46  [*1543]

    Moreover, the Court may have feared that, without such a bright-line rule,
constitutional invalidation would extend beyond subsidy payments to all state
activity that has the effect of attracting or aiding in-state business,
including expenditures on highways, parks, and police officers. The Court has
declared that "it is undisputed that States may try to attract business by
creating an environment conducive to economic activity, as by maintaining good
roads [or] sound public education."  n47 Nevertheless, to the extent that these
appropriations benefit in-state firms more than out-of-state ones,  n48 they
indirectly subsidize in-state firms by relieving them of a cost of doing
business or conferring on them an economic benefit. Like actual subsidy payments
and tariffs, these indirect subsidies arguably "handicap[] out-of-state
competitors" and "artificially encourage in-state production."  n49 If one were
to take this economic analysis to its logical conclusion, the dormant commerce
clause would appear to be intolerably far-reaching in scope,  n50 unless one
could identify a sound functional distinction between tariffs and subsidies.
Perhaps because it foresaw this dilemma but could not identify such a functional
distinction, the West Lynn Creamery Court considered drawing a formal
constitutional line between general-treasury subsidies and segregated-fund
subsidies.  [*1544]


   B. A Sound Functional Distinction

 The question then becomes whether finding an alternative, more principled
distinction is feasible. This new line would have to take into account the
dormant commerce clause's prior case law, or it would suffer from the same
weaknesses as the line that the Court suggested in West Lynn Creamery. One
possibility is to deem constitutional only those subsidies that are made to
firms without out-of-state competitors. In his concurring opinion in West Lynn
Creamery, Justice Scalia suggested that this outcome might result if the Court
continued its practice of holding unconstitutional any state action that burdens
interstate commerce, as opposed to merely assisting local businesses.  n51 But
this approach is problematic because of the functional equivalence between
direct and indirect subsidies.  n52 Unless consistency in the treatment of these
functional equivalents is sacrificed, this approach, in contrast to the current
jurisprudence, would render an array of state action unconstitutional.  n53

    This Note argues for a constitutional rule that maintains fidelity both to
functionalism - unlike West Lynn Creamery's suggested rule - and to the
prudential limits on interference with state action - unlike the theory
discussed immediately above. Under this proposed rule, tariffs would remain
presumptively unconstitutional, whereas subsidies would generally not violate
the Commerce Clause unless accompanied by an industry-specific tax unjustified
by the negative externalities that the industry imposes on the state.  n54 This
rule would acknowledge that, because of the functional difference between
tariffs and subsidies, the latter generally pose less of a threat to interstate
commerce and cause less friction between the states.

    There is a crucial functional distinction between tariffs and subsidies: as
demonstrated by game-theoretical analysis,  n55 tariffs and subsidies lead to
economically different outcomes. The ultimate reason for this distinction is
that, whereas a tariff can block the flow of goods regardless of the
availability of countermeasures to another state, a subsidy affects interstate
competition only if the other state declines to  [*1545]  enact an equal subsidy
for its own producers. For example, if a producer in State A has a marginal cost
of $ 10, State A can effectively preclude the flow of goods from a producer in
State B by enacting an $ 11 tariff. Even if the producer in State B has a
marginal cost of zero, it cannot compete with the producer in State A, which can
price its goods at $ 10 without suffering a marginal loss. State B could respond
by increasing the subsidy that it pays to its producers, but State A could in
turn increase its tariff. Eventually, State B would be limited by its budget,
whereas State A would be limited only by political pressure from consumers who
wish to purchase the out-of-state producer's goods at non-tariff-inflated
prices,  n56 in-state interest groups concerned with potential retaliatory
tariffs on other goods,  n57 or out-of-state producers that have an influence on
the political process.  n58 Thus,  [*1546]  provided that State A has the will
to proceed with this tariff-versus-subsidy game, it will win - that is, it will
succeed in denying the State B producer access to the State A market - because
State A is not financially constrained. Knowing this outcome in advance,  n59
State B would be unwise, and presumably unlikely, to engage in the game in the
first place; State B should not, and probably would not, respond to State A's
tariff with a countervailing subsidy. Consequently, regardless of the
out-of-state firm's marginal cost, State A's tariff will preclude the
out-of-state firm from competing with the in-state firm.

    In contrast, a subsidy from State A to its producers does not guarantee
State A victory. For example, if State A provides a subsidy of $ 4 per unit, a
producer in State A with a marginal cost of $ 10 could sell the good for $ 6 per
unit. State B could counter with its own subsidy of $ 4 per unit; a producer in
State B with a marginal cost of $ 8 could then sell for $ 4 per unit. State B's
competitive position relative to the producer in State A would be unchanged.
Both states might be worse off because both producers might be overproducing,
n60 but the two firms would be in the same position, relative to each other, as
they were before the countervailing subsidies. State A could try to increase its
subsidy to $ 7, but State B would presumably respond in kind. Moreover, unlike
the tariff-versus-subsidy game, in the subsidy-versus-subsidy game, both states
are restricted by their budgets. Knowing about its restrictions in advance,
State A would be less likely to instigate the game by providing the first
subsidy than to initiate the tariff-versus-subsidy game.  n61 The same is true
for State B. That is,  [*1547]  because a state (and the special interest groups
therein) could predict that there would be no change in the two firms'
competitive positions, it would have less incentive to implement the subsidy in
the first place. Thus, a subsidy is less likely to be used to handicap
out-of-state competitors, because it could be countered by a countervailing
subsidy, whereas a tariff is more likely to impede interstate competition, in
part because it could not easily be countered.

    Of course, this distinction alone does not justify subsidies; it merely
shows that subsidies are the weaker tool for protecting in-state industries. It
suggests why a state seeking to protect in-state businesses may choose tariffs
over subsidies, but it fails to reveal that subsidies might be instituted for
reasons other than protectionism. In fact, subsidies can be a socially
beneficial means of encouraging an optimal level of production.  n62 When a good
confers a positive externality on society, a firm in a free market will
underproduce that good (unless, of course, the good also produces an equal or
greater negative externality). Because consumers will, by definition,  n63 be
unwilling to pay for  [*1548]  this positive externality, the firm will not reap
all the social benefits of that good. By compensating firms for the positive
externalities they confer on society, subsidies can function as efficient tools
for states to encourage the optimal level of production.  n64 Indeed, all states
may collectively gain from one state's subsidy if the good confers a positive
externality.  n65 Subsidies can therefore be "justified by a valid factor
unrelated to economic protectionism."  n66

    To summarize this functional analysis, there is a fundamental economic
distinction between subsidies and tariffs: subsidies are theoretically less
effective than tariffs as a means for protecting in-state producers. Moreover,
subsidies can sometimes be justifiable on a non-protectionist basis. Combining
these two elements, one sees that subsidies are on the whole less threatening
and more likely to promote an efficient market than are tariffs. Hence, because
the primary purpose of the dormant commerce clause is to combat economic
protectionism, a principled line can be drawn between a subsidy and "the
paradigmatic example of a law discriminating against interstate commerce"  n67 -
the protective tariff. Unlike tariffs, which are presumptively unconstitutional,
subsidies generally should not be found to violate the dormant commerce clause.

   C. The Complication of Taxes

 One might object to this conclusion, however, once taxes are reintroduced in
the analysis. As West Lynn Creamery shows, a "subsidy" may actually operate like
a tariff when combined with a tax that is charged to both in-state and
out-of-state firms: "Like an ordinary tariff, the [combined tax-subsidy] is thus
effectively imposed only on  [*1549]  out-of-state products."  n68 A state can
initiate the tariff-versus-subsidy game by taxing all producers who sell within
the state and then subsidizing only the in-state producers. Because all
tax-plus-subsidy schemes resemble tariffs in this regard, one might be tempted
to conclude that a principled line can be drawn between subsidies and tariffs
only when the subsidized product is unaccompanied by any tax. If so, the
functional analysis discussed in the preceding section would be largely
unhelpful in saving subsidies from a holding of unconstitutionality.

    This section responds to this complication by demonstrating that a general
tax imposed on multiple industries, such as a sales tax or general corporate
income tax, does not transform a subsidy into a functional tariff. The first
subsection addresses, and ultimately rejects, one possible justification of the
general-tax-and-subsidy combination: in the presence of externalities, the
combination may be an import-neutral, administratively efficient means of
promoting the optimal level of production. The second subsection adopts an
alternative defense of the combination: the general tax is incapable of
transforming the subsidy into a functional tariff because in-state political
checks would prevent the state from increasing the tax rate, which is necessary
to win the tariff-versus-subsidy game. The third subsection discusses the
implications of industry-specific taxes.


   1. Internalizing Externalities.

 - If the tax is imposed generally on multiple industries, the tax-plus-subsidy
combination might be an import-neutral, administratively feasible means of
encouraging firms to produce at optimal levels when such firms are otherwise
unable to internalize externalities. Taxes can function as a means of forcing
firms to bear all of the costs of their activities. A firm may impose negative
externalities on society by emitting pollutants in legally permissible
quantities, adding additional traffic to the road system, or utilizing the
services of police and fire departments. Because the market may not factor these
costs into the price of the firm's product, the state can use its tax system to
make the firms account for these costs, and thus to promote the optimal level of
production. If one puts aside redistributive concerns for the moment, a state
would ideally tailor its tax system so that a firm paid an amount equal to the
sum of the net negative externalities that it imposed on society and the
benefits that it derived from society. But because such an individualized tax
system is administratively unworkable, the state resorts to a general tax,
supplemented by subsidies specifically targeted at those in-state firms whose
level of production is less than optimal because they do not internalize
positive externalities (or, theoretically, because the costs they impose on
society are less than average). Thus, a general tax  [*1550]  combined with a
subsidy for in-state producers may be justified economically.

    Such an analysis may be unsatisfying, however, because of two
counterarguments that address the purposes of taxation and the beneficiaries of
public goods. First, taxation may serve redistributive goals,  n69 in addition
to the goal of imposing costs on businesses that derive benefits from government
services or that cause negative externalities. Out-of-state firms that are
subject to taxation but not accorded the subsidy given to in-state firms are
thus paying for more than the costs that they impose and the benefits that they
derive. Put another way, the tax is not import-neutral: it operates as a tariff
and could lead a state into the undesirable tariff-versus-subsidy game. Second,
as several scholars have recognized, in-state businesses benefit more from
government services than do out-of-state businesses.  n70 If the tax rate is
pegged to the level of services derived from the average firm or from the
average in-state firm, then once again out-of-state firms would be paying a tax
bill larger than the costs that they impose and the benefits that they derive.
Thus, a non-individualized, general tax can be perceived to be more burdensome
on out-of-state firms than on in-state firms, which suggests that this economic
justification for a general tax combined with an in-state subsidy may not be
entirely persuasive.

   2. In-State Political Checks.

 - Another justification holds more promise for defending the general tax-and-
subsidy combination against a charge of unconstitutionality. The general tax
cannot convert the subsidy into a threatening functional tariff, because other
in-state industries would preclude the state from increasing the tax rate, a
step necessary for winning the tariff-versus-subsidy game. By definition, a
general tax is imposed on other industries within the state, as well as on the
allegedly protected industry. The state would not be able to raise the general
tax without also increasing the taxes of these other in-state industries. These
industries can provide "a powerful safeguard against legislative abuse."  n71
That is, these industries can operate as a  [*1551]  political check on tax
increases,  n72 thereby limiting the magnitude of the functional tariff.  n73

    This limit is of tremendous significance to the tariff-versus-subsidy game
that was discussed earlier.  n74 To win that game, State A, the state that
imposed the tariff, must be able to convince State B that a countervailing
subsidy is futile. Unless State B believes that State A will respond to any
subsidy by raising its tariff, State B might have an incentive to implement a
subsidy. In the case of the pure tariff, State B realizes that its position is
inferior to that of State A: whereas State B faces budgetary restraints, State A
does not. State B, therefore, would not attempt to respond to the tariff with a
subsidy.

    By contrast, in this scenario of the functional tariff (general tax and
subsidy), State B knows that State A will probably face strong political
resistance to any changes in the general tax rate. State B realizes that State A
will probably be unable to respond to a countervailing subsidy, so State B will
not be reluctant to implement the subsidy. More importantly, State A should also
know how this game will develop.  n75 For this reason, it should be less willing
to initiate the game by implementing a tariff. When State A introduces or
increases a general tax, it will most certainly be because State A needs
revenue, not because State A wishes to protect one of its industries. In other
[*1552]  words, the typical tax increase is justifiable on non-protectionist
grounds.  n76 Therefore, just like the subsidy that initiates the subsidy
-versus-subsidy game, State A's general tax - even when combined with a subsidy
- will be largely non-threatening. The combination can therefore be
distinguished functionally from a pure tariff.

   3. Industry-Specific Taxes.

 - The situation is different, however, if the tax is industry-specific rather
than general, because an increase in the industry-specific tax is unlikely to
encounter the same level of political resistance. Perhaps only out-of-state
firms in the subsidized, protected industry would pay a larger tax bill. If the
size of the subsidy equals or exceeds the size of the tax increase, local
producers would have no motive to protest the tax, because they are the primary
beneficiaries of the tax-and-subsidy combination. Even if the subsidy is less
than the tax increase, local producers may still support the scheme because it
gives them a competitive advantage relative to out-of-state producers. Consumers
of that industry's product may object to the tax increase, but their political
voice is probably too small to have a significant influence on the in-state
political processes.  n77 Consequently, the state can raise an industry-specific
tax rate more freely than a general one. This freedom enables the state to win
the tariff-versus-subsidy game, as the other state will determine that a
countervailing subsidy is an ineffective response.

    Thus, for constitutional purposes, a distinction should be made between
general taxes and industry-specific taxes. When a subsidized industry is subject
to a general tax, the combination of the subsidy and the tax should be
constitutionally valid, despite its tariff-like consequences, because the
combination is, all things considered, largely non-threatening to interstate
commerce. In contrast, when a subsidized industry is subject to an
industry-specific tax in addition to a general tax, the combination of tax and
subsidy should be constitutionally suspect because the combination is more
likely to be a protective tariff in disguise. In this case, the state should
have the burden of proving that the higher tax burden is due not to
protectionism, but rather to higher-than-average negative externalities that are
imposed by the industry.  n78 If the tax is limited to the magnitude of the
negative exter-  [*1553]  nalities, then there is a sound economic justification
for the tax. Moreover, if other states understand that the tax will not be
increased beyond the level of negative externalities, then these states will not
be deterred from implementing their own subsidies, in contrast with states in
the quintessential tariff-versus-subsidy game.

    However, when in-state producers receive an indirect subsidy, such as
improved roads or education,  n79 an industry-specific tax is much less likely
to resemble a tariff, and the state should be allowed an additional defense. The
extra tax proceeds, which result from the industry-specific tax, end up only
marginally benefiting the in-state producers in that industry. These in-state
producers receive only a portion of the benefits resulting from the expenditures
of those proceeds because indirect subsidies, by definition, are spread over all
citizens in the state. Because the indirect subsidy does not fully counteract
the industry-specific tax, the producers are worse off with the tax than without
it. Depending on the relative size of the benefits that are received by these
producers, the higher tax rate may have nearly the same effect on in-state
producers as it has on out-of-state producers. In-state firms would thus
probably provide a political check. A court would have to determine whether the
portion of the benefits that flows to the industry is large enough to silence
this political check and thus to leave the out-of-state producers without an
"economic surrogate."  n80

   III. Conclusion

 In response to West Lynn Creamery, the Maine legislature recently repealed a
statute that both instituted a tax upon all sales of packaged fluid milk in
Maine and provided a rebate to Maine dairy farmers.  n81 Within the next six
months, the legislature replaced this statute with two sets of legislation: one
that imposed a tax on the handling of all milk sold for consumption, and another
that distributed money from the state's general treasury to Maine dairy farmers.
n82 A milk distributor challenged these statutes and argued that the mere
"laundering" of money through Maine's General Fund should not render an
otherwise unconstitutional scheme constitutional.  n83 A federal district court,
however, denied plaintiff's motion for summary judgment.  n84 The court
distinguished West Lynn Creamery, partly on the ground that the direct link
between the tax revenue and the subsequent appropriations  [*1554]  to Maine
dairy farmers was broken when the money passed through the general treasury.
n85 In support of its holding, the Court cited the dictum of West Lynn Creamery.
n86

    The Maine case demonstrates the ease with which a state legislature can
circumvent the formalistic rule advocated by the concurrence and suggested by
the majority in West Lynn Creamery. An otherwise unconstitutional tax becomes
constitutional if the tax revenue simply makes a momentary pit stop in the
general treasury. Under this rule, the benefit to in-state producers and the
burden to interstate commerce are no longer relevant to the final analysis.
Should this case or a similar one come before the Supreme Court, the Court
should vindicate the functional analysis that has motivated much of its prior
dormant commerce clause jurisprudence. When combined with a general tax, a
subsidy should be presumptively constitutional. When combined with an
industry-specific tax, a subsidy should be presumed unconstitutional, and the
state should have the burden of demonstrating a cost-based justification for the
higher taxes that it is imposing on the industry.

    Ultimately, perhaps the complexity of performing a thorough functional
analysis, together the general disarray of dormant commerce clause
jurisprudence,  n87 suggests that the Court would be wise to refocus its
constitutional lens and reconcile the Commerce Clause with the original intent
of our Founding Fathers. Only then would the Court truly maintain the integrity
of our Constitution. Until then, however, the Court should avoid the formalistic
result that was reached in the Maine case, and preserve functional consistency
within its dormant commerce clause jurisprudence.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawCongressional Duties & PowersCommerce ClauseDormant Commerce
ClauseInternational Trade LawImports & ExportsCountervailing
DutiesSubsidiesTransportation LawCarrier Duties & LiabilitiesRates & Tariffs

FOOTNOTES:




n1. " The negative or dormant implication of the Commerce Clause prohibits state
taxation or regulation that discriminates against or unduly burdens interstate
commerce and thereby 'impedes free private trade in the national marketplace.'"
General Motors Corp. v. Tracy, 117 S. Ct. 811, 818 (1997) (alteration in
original) (citations omitted) (quoting Reeves, Inc. v. Stake, 447 U.S. 429, 437
(1980)).




n2.  See Northwestern States Portland Cement Co. v. Minnesota, 358 U.S. 450, 458
(1959) (Clark, J., writing for the majority).




n3.  Tyler Pipe Indus., Inc. v. Washington State Dep't of Revenue, 483 U.S. 232,
260 (1987) (Scalia, J., concurring in part and dissenting in part).




n4.  Id.




n5.  See id. at 260-64; Martin H. Redish & Shane V. Nugent, The Dormant Commerce
Clause and the Constitutional Balance of Federalism, 1987 Duke L.J. 569, 617.
But not all scholars who have explored the Framers' intent have concluded that
the dormant commerce clause is devoid of historical basis. See, e.g., Albert S.
Abel, The Commerce Clause in the Constitutional Convention and in Contemporary
Comment, 25 Minn. L. Rev. 432, 493 (1941) ("On the whole, the evidence supports
the view that, as to the restricted field which was deemed at the time to
constitute regulation of commerce, the grant of power to the federal government
presupposed the withdrawal of authority pari passu from the states."). Professor
Abel, however, focused primarily on the history surrounding the Constitutional
Convention in reaching this conclusion, not the text of the Constitution. For
those who subscribe to the view that interpretation should stop at the text of
the Constitution in cases in which the text is unambiguous, the dormant commerce
clause may properly be deemed inconsistent with the Framers' original intent.
See Tyler, 483 U.S. at 260-61 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and dissenting in
part) (arguing that the Constitution's text gives no indication of, or support
for, an exclusive Commerce Clause).




n6.  See Tyler, 483 U.S. at 262-63 (Scalia, J., concurring in part and
dissenting in part) (rejecting as the "least plausible theoretical
justification" for the dormant commerce clause the notion that Congress's
silence in certain areas of interstate commerce evidences Congress's intent to
prohibit state regulation).




n7.  See Laurence H. Tribe, American Constitutional Law 401-02 (2d ed. 1988).




n8.  See, e.g., West Lynn Creamery, Inc. v. Healy, 512 U.S. 186, 192-93 (1994);
New Energy Co. v. Limbach, 486 U.S. 269, 273-74 (1988); see also Bacchus
Imports, Ltd. v. Dias, 468 U.S. 263, 270 (1984) (noting the "stricter rule of
invalidity" in dormant commerce clause cases involving state legislation that
effects "simple economic protectionism").




n9.  See, e.g., New Energy, 486 U.S. at 273-74 (summarily defining economic
protectionism as "regulatory measures designed to benefit in-state economic
interests by burdening out-of-state competitors").




n10.  Id. (citations omitted). A case in which a state overcame this presumption
of unconstitutionality is Maine v. Taylor, 477 U.S. 131 (1986), in which the
Court upheld a law prohibiting the importation of live baitfish because Maine
demonstrated that there was no available nondiscriminatory alternative means of
protecting its fragile fisheries from the disease-bearing parasites and
non-native sea animals in baitfish shipments. See id. at 140-41, 144-52.




n11.  Indeed, a state statute might be presumptively unconstitutional under the
dormant commerce clause even if the statute does not have discriminatory effects
on interstate commerce, for the Court has held that a state statute can
constitute economic protectionism either if the legislature had a discriminatory
purpose or if the law has discriminatory effects. See Bacchus Imports, 468 U.S.
at 270. As a further wrinkle in determining economic protectionism, a state tax
must not only avoid discrimination against interstate commerce to escape a
Commerce Clause challenge, but must also "[be] applied to an activity with a
substantial nexus with the taxing State, [be] fairly apportioned, ... and [be]
fairly related to the services provided by the State." Complete Auto Transit,
Inc. v. Brady, 430 U.S. 274, 279 (1977).




n12.  A "tariff" is a tax that is levied upon imported goods, but not goods that
were produced in-state.




n13.  West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 193.




n14.  Id.




n15.  512 U.S. 186 (1994).




n16.  This Note uses the term "subsidy" to refer to a "production subsidy":
those payments that a government makes to an in-state firm regardless of whether
the firm ships its goods out-of-state. Production subsidies should be
distinguished from "export subsidies," which are payments to a firm by its home
state only for goods that are sold out-of-state.




n17.  This Note does not contend that courts should continue to recognize a
dormant commerce clause within the Constitution. Rather, this Note merely
presumes that courts will recognize the clause, and argues for a direction that
the doctrine should take in light of this supposition.




n18.  See West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 199 & n.15.




n19.  See id. at 188-91, 198-99.




n20.  See id. at 188.




n21.  See id. at 199 & n.15.




n22.  Id. at 199 n.15 (second alteration in original) (quoting New Energy Co. v.
Limbach, 486 U.S. 269, 278 (1988)).




n23.  Id. at 199.




n24.  Justices Scalia and Thomas explicitly argued that a constitutional line
should be drawn between the cases in which the subsidy comes from a segregated
fund and the cases in which the subsidy comes from the general treasury. See id.
at 211-12 (Scalia, J., concurring in the judgment). They argue that such a line
is "a clear, rational line at the limits of our extant negative-Commerce-Clause
jurisprudence" because it marks "the difference between assisting in-state
industry through discriminatory taxation and assisting in-state industry by
other means." Id.




n25.  See Walter Hellerstein & Dan T. Coenen, Commerce Clause Restraints on
State Business Development Incentives, 81 Cornell L. Rev. 789, 837-45 (1996).




n26.  See Henneford v. Silas Mason Co., 300 U.S. 577, 583-84 (1937) ("Equality
is the theme that runs through all the sections of the statute.").




n27.  See id. at 583 (concluding that the use tax was "not so measured or
conditioned as to hamper the transactions of interstate commerce or discriminate
against them").




n28.  311 U.S. 454 (1940).




n29.  Id. at 455-56 (footnote omitted).




n30.  See West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 193-94 (stating that the "cases are
filled with state laws that aspire to reap some of the benefits of tariffs by
other means" and citing, among other cases, Bacchus Imports, Ltd. v. Dias, 468
U.S. 263 (1984); Baldwin v. G.A.F. Seelig, Inc., 294 U.S. 511 (1935); and Welton
v. Missouri, 91 U.S. 275 (1876)).




n31.  See Payne v. Tennessee, 501 U.S. 808, 827 (1991) ("[Stare decisis]
promotes the evenhanded, predictable, and consistent development of legal
principles ... and contributes to the actual and perceived integrity of the
judicial process."); see also United States v. International Business Machines
Corp., 116 S. Ct. 1793, 1801 (1996) (quoting Payne).




n32.  Robert H. Bork, The Tempting of America 157 (1990).




n33.  See id. at 159.




n34.  468 U.S. 263 (1984).




n35.  See id. at 265, 270-73.




n36.  See id. at 272-73 (identifying the discriminatory effect of the statute
and claiming that "the propriety of economic protectionism may not be allowed to
hinge upon the State's - or this Court's - characterization of the industry as
either 'thriving' or 'struggling'").




n37.  See West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 197. As the Court said in West Lynn
Creamery:



   By granting a tax exemption for local products, Hawaii [in Bacchus] in effect
created a protective tariff... And if a discriminatory tax rebate is
unconstitutional, Massachusetts' pricing order is surely invalid; for
Massachusetts not only rebates to domestic milk producers the tax paid on the
sale of Massachusetts milk, but also the tax paid on the sale of milk produced
elsewhere.



   Id.




n38.  Id. at 201; see also Best & Co. v. Maxwell, 311 U.S. 454, 455-56 (1940)
(emphasizing the Court's need to analyze the practical effect of a challenged
statute on interstate commerce).




n39.  See supra section I.A.




n40.  See West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 199 & n.15.




n41.  Id. at 194.




n42.  Id. at 193.




n43.  Id.




n44.  See infra pp. 1544-47.




n45.  West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 195.




n46.  Among the virtues of preserving state autonomy are that states compete for
popular support among each other (and with the federal government), states serve
as experimental laboratories for the development of economic and social
programs, and state governments are closer and more accountable to the people
than is the national government. See David L. Shapiro, Federalism: A Dialogue
75-106 (1995).




n47.  West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 199 n.15 (citing Metropolitan Life Ins.
Co. v. Ward, 470 U.S. 869, 876-78 (1985); Bacchus Imports, Ltd. v. Dias, 468
U.S. 263, 271 (1984); and Zobel v. Williams, 457 U.S. 55, 67 (1982) (Brennan,
J., concurring)).




n48.  Several scholars have considered the benefits of public expenditures to
flow largely to in-state residents and in-state businesses. See, e.g., W. Irwin
Gillespie, Effect of Public Expenditures on the Distribution of Income, in
Essays in Fiscal Federalism 122, 122-86 (Richard A. Musgrave ed., 1965); Richard
A. Musgrave, Karl E. Case & Herman Leonard, The Distribution of Fiscal Burdens
and Benefits, 2 Public Fin. Q. 259, 259-311 (1974); Patricia Ruggles & Michael
O'Higgins, The Distribution of Public Expenditure Among Households in the United
States, 27 Rev. Income & Wealth 137, 137-64 (1981).




n49.  West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 193.




n50.  In fact, the logic of this approach indicates that even a mere tort
negligence rule might constitute a kind of indirect subsidy. Under a negligence
rule, a firm is not liable for any injuries resulting from activities undertaken
with due care. The victims bear the residual risk of the firm's non-negligent
activity. Unless the victims are in a position to force compensation in the form
of a price decrease (that is, unless information is perfect), the state thus
forces the victims through its tort law to subsidize the firm in an amount equal
to that residual risk. If in-state firms are the cause of a disproportionate
amount of such residual risk, the negligence rule benefits in-state producers
more than out-of-state producers, because in-state producers are relieved of a
greater share of their costs of doing business.

   As a further complication, it would probably be inconsistent with current
doctrine to distinguish indirect subsidies from unconstitutional protectionism
by arguing that the economic effects of the former are of less magnitude than
the economic effects of the latter. See Fulton Corp. v. Faulkner, 116 S. Ct.
848, 855 n.3 (1996) ("We have never recognized a 'de minimis' defense to a
charge of discriminatory taxation under the Commerce Clause.").




n51.  See West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 208 (Scalia, J., concurring in the
judgment) ("The Court guardedly asserts that a 'pure subsidy funded out of
general revenue ordinarily imposes no burden on interstate commerce, but merely
assists local business,' ... but under its analysis that must be taken to be
true only because most local businesses ... are not competing with businesses
out of State.") (citation omitted).




n52.  See supra p. 1543.




n53.  See supra p. 1543.




n54.  Because these subsidies are functionally equivalent to tariffs, they
should be unconstitutional. See infra pp. 1552-53.




n55. " Game theory can be defined as the study of mathematical models of
conflict and cooperation between intelligent rational decision-makers. Game
theory provides general mathematical techniques for analyzing situations in
which two or more individuals make decisions that will influence one another's
welfare." Roger B. Myerson, Game Theory: Analysis of Conflict 1 (1991).




n56.  Because of collective action problems, however, consumers appear to have
only a marginal voice in decisions on trade policy. See Alan O. Sykes, The
Economics of Injury in Antidumping and Countervailing Duty Cases, 16 Int'l Rev.
L. & Econ. 5, 18 (1996) ("Consumers (save for industrial consumers) are likely
to be ineffective because the stakes for each consumer are small and free rider
problems intense. One result is tariffs and other protectionist measures that
benefit producer groups at the expense of consumers."). See generally Dennis C.
Mueller, Public Choice II, at 307-19 (discussing collective action problems of
citizen groups).




n57.  A retaliatory tariff on the same good would be ineffective because the
tariff would merely raise the price of State A's good, which is already more
expensive than State B's product and which State B's consumers therefore
presumably do not demand. See Michael Gasiorek, Alasdair Smith & Anthony J.
Venables, Tariffs, Subsidies, and Retaliation, 33 Eur. Econ. Rev. 480, 489
(1989) ("It is only in some cases that there is scope for mutually beneficial
tariff cutting negotiations, at least if attention is confined to one good at a
time.").

   In contrast, the threat of a retaliatory tariff on another good, which State
B does import from State A, might seem to be a significant constraint on states'
willingness to enact tariffs in the first place. In the parlance of game theory,
one might argue that states compete in a repeated game with a potentially
infinite time horizon, so states would follow a "tit-for-tat" strategy that
dissuades State A from raising the original tariff. See Myerson, supra note 55,
at 308-23. However, the threat of a retaliatory tariff will not always
successfully deter State A from enacting its original tariff. Retaliatory
tariffs are an effective threat only if the following conditions hold: State B
(or some other state whose trade policy is subject to State B's influence)
currently imports a significant quantity of a good (or multiple goods) from
State A; producers of that good (or goods) in State A have a political voice;
State A believes that State B can do without State A's imports (by relying on
substitutes produced in-state or imported from states other than State A); and
State A believes that State B is undeterred by potential future iterations of
the tariff-versus-tariff game. If these conditions are not met - thereby
rendering State B's threat of a retaliatory tariff ineffective - State A will
implement the original tariff. Cf. Harry G. Johnson, Optimum Tariffs and
Retaliation, 21 Rev. Econ. Stud. 142, 142 (1953-54) (demonstrating, by means of
a two-country, two-commodity exchange model, that "a country may gain by
imposing a tariff, even if other countries retaliate").




n58.  Although out-of-state producers, who perhaps make campaign contributions
to State A's legislators, could conceivably influence State A not to implement a
tariff, there are three factors undercutting the strength of this potential
influence. First, unlike in the case of in-state producers, the owners and
management of out-of-state producers do not have votes, nor do their employees.
Second, the influence of out-of-state producers is likely to be outweighed by
voters in State A who might wish to institute a tariff either out of their sense
of loyalty or pride in their state's producers or out of an understanding that a
tariff may economically benefit the state as a whole. Cf. Paul R. Krugman &
Maurice Obstfeld, International Economics: Theory and Policy 225 (4th ed. 1997)
("At small tariff rates a large country's welfare is higher than with free
trade."). Third, whereas the out-of-state producer may be able to prevent a
tariff if State A is the only importing state with firms that compete with this
producer, it would be less able to do so if there are many other states with
firms in competition with this producer. The out-of-state producer would have to
monitor and make campaign contributions to legislators in all these states.
Perhaps these factors partly explain why the Supreme Court has been confronted
with so many examples of state laws "that aspire to reap some of the benefits of
tariffs." West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 193.




n59.  In the language of game theory, a fact is "common knowledge" among the
participants "if every player knows it, every player knows that every player
knows it, and so on." Myerson, supra note 55, at 64-65 (explaining why an
assumption of common knowledge may be appropriate).




n60.  Both firms would be overproducing unless the market in that good is
performing suboptimally because of a positive externality. See infra note 63.
The two firms themselves would be better off and, for that reason, might
petition their respective legislatures for the subsidies. This economic
inefficiency, however, would not constitute a violation of the dormant commerce
clause, which has generally been understood to apply to protect interstate
trade, not to maximize economic efficiency. See, e.g., McLeod v. J.E. Dilworth
Co., 322 U.S. 327, 330 (1944) ("The very purpose of the Commerce Clause was to
create an area of free trade among the several States.").




n61.  State A might, however, have sound reason to start the game if it knew, or
had strong confidence, that its budget was less restricted than State B's
budget, and if it could make this information known to State B. Under these
conditions, State B would be unwise to respond to a subsidy with a subsidy of
its own, unless it believed that State A would face political resistance in
trying to win the game. But it is unlikely that a state would have such
knowledge or confidence about the relative strength of its budget. For a
legislator to know that his state's budget is less restricted than the other
state's budget, he would have to know not only each state's tax revenue, but
also its committed appropriations, the feasibility of its making spending cuts,
and its ability to raise taxes. Moreover, in the subsidy-versus-subsidy game,
State A starts off at a disadvantage: because its producers have a higher cost
structure than do State B's, State A has to expend resources just to bring its
producers to the same low marginal cost of State B's producers. State A thus has
to tap into its budget just to bring its producers to a competitive level.
Therefore, even if legislators in State A know that State A's budget is less
restricted than State B's budget, State A might nevertheless lose the game, in
which case State A would be better off not initiating the game in the first
place.

   To be sure, it is conceivable that one state will possess budgetary supremacy
and be able to use this advantage to enact a protectionist subsidy. It is also
plausible that a state will win the subsidy-versus-subsidy game if the producers
in the other state lack political influence, and if the other state is unable to
hide this fact. Under this scenario, State A would expect State B not to respond
to a subsidy, in disregard for the interest of State B's producers. The Court
may wish to allow for these possibilities by making the constitutionality of
subsidies only a rebuttable presumption, which could be overcome by the
demonstration of a state's superior budgetary flexibility or a producer's
inadequate political power. However, if the Court observes that these cases are
sufficiently rare, it could adopt a per se rule on the constitutionality of
subsidies, and leave the outliers for Congress to handle. If these cases were
extremely uncommon, the administrative rationale for the dormant commerce
clause, see supra p. 1537, would be less persuasive.




n62.  Tariffs may also serve legitimate economic interests. If importing an
out-of-state good creates a negative externality that the in-state production of
that good does not create, the importing state would be economically justified
in instituting a tariff on that out-of-state good. For example, out-of-state
coal might have a higher sulfur content than in-state coal, in which case a
tariff on coal is economically justified and should be constitutional. Cf. Maine
v. Taylor, 477 U.S. 131, 140-41, 151-52 (1986) (holding constitutional a
prohibition on the importation of live baitfish that would otherwise injure the
domestic ecology). Hence, both subsidies and tariffs can sometimes be
economically justifiable. Nevertheless, any given subsidy is probably more
likely to be economically justified than any given tariff because of the
aforementioned functional distinction. A rule that treats the two differently is
therefore appropriate.




n63.  A positive externality of production is a beneficial effect for which the
producing firm does not get paid. For example, as is often the case with infant
industries, firms may generate knowledge that other firms appropriate and use to
their benefit. See Krugman & Obstfeld, supra note 58, at 280. If these other
firms do not pay for the technology, the marginal benefits of production accrued
by the originator will be less than society's marginal benefits, and the
originator will thus be undercompensated. Because the originator will produce
only if its own marginal benefits exceed its marginal costs, it will produce
less than would be socially optimal. See id. Another example is farmland. A
state may view its undeveloped farmland as a public good (because of the land's
scenic beauty or attraction for tourists). If so, such land bestows a benefit on
society for which farmers are not paid, and thus farmers will not be fully
compensated for maintaining their land as farmland. As a result, they will have
too great an incentive to develop the land for non-farming purposes. Finally, to
the extent that unemployment imposes a cost on society in the form of transfer
payments and possibly increased crime, all firms may be collectively
underproducing. Employment may confer on society a benefit, in reduced transfer
payments and crime, for which firms are not compensated. Firms may thus have an
insufficient incentive to hire and keep employees.




n64.  See, e.g., Joseph E. Stiglitz, Economics of the Public Sector 186 (1986)
("In those situations where there is a positive externality, the government
should impose subsidies."); Robert M. Stern, Conflict and Cooperation in
International Economic Policy and Law, 17 U. Pa. J. Int'l Econ. L. 539, 542
(1996) ("[When a good confers positive externalities on society,] a production
subsidy would be the best policy to use since it leads firms to increase their
output of [the good] while leaving consumers free to consume at undistorted
market prices... A tariff thus is second-best compared to a subsidy.").




n65.  Cf. Gasiorek, Smith & Venables, supra note 57, at 488-89 ("In most, but
not all cases, all countries gain from the production subsidy... Concern about
the effects of foreign subsidies is more likely to be explained by the adverse
effects of subsidies on home firms than adverse effects on national welfare.").




n66.  New Energy Co. v. Limbach, 486 U.S. 269, 274 (1988) (citing Taylor, 477
U.S. at 131).




n67.  West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 193.




n68.  Id. at 194.




n69.  See Peter D. Enrich, Saving the States from Themselves: Commerce Clause
Constraints on State Tax Incentives for Business, 110 Harv. L. Rev. 378, 403-04
(1996).




n70.  See supra note 48.




n71.  Minnesota v. Clover Leaf Creamery Co., 449 U.S. 456, 473 n.17 (1981); cf.
Tribe, supra note 7, at 410 ("To be sure, even regulations significantly
burdening interstate commerce have been tolerated when the interests adversely
affected have been adequately represented in the regulating state's own
political process."). Tribe notes, however, that this notion of "surrogate
representation" may prove too much, because "a political check in the form of
consumer pressure is theoretically present in every case to prevent
discrimination against the interstate market." Id. at 412-13. For example,
in-state consumers, who have to pay more for out-of-state goods when the goods
are subject to a tariff, would theoretically have an incentive and the votes to
petition their legislators to prevent tariffs. "For this very reason, the Court
is unlikely to embrace consumers as an indirect surrogate for out-of-state
commercial interests." Id. at 413; cf. West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 200
(concluding that Massachusetts's "political processes [could] no longer be
relied upon to prevent legislative abuse" even though the plaintiffs were
Massachusetts milk dealers - that is, in-state purchasers of the protected
good). Perhaps because in-state consumers have weaker political influence than
do in-state producers, see supra note 56, the Court might distinguish between
the two groups for the purposes of the dormant commerce clause. Nevertheless,
industries subject to a general tax should qualify as recognizable political
checks.




n72.  Cf. Washington v. United States, 460 U.S. 536, 545 (1983) ("A 'political
check' is provided when a state tax falls on a significant group of state
citizens who can be counted upon to use their votes to keep the State from
raising the tax excessively ....").

   One might respond, however, that importing interest group politics into
dormant commerce clause analysis would justify the Supreme Court's suggested
line between segregated-fund subsidies and general-treasury subsidies. The West
Lynn Creamery concurrence cited some scholars for the proposition that there is
an economic distinction between the two types of subsidies: a state is less
likely to maintain the general-treasury subsidy then the segregated-fund subsidy
because citizens perceive the money in the general treasury as available for any
number of competing, non-protectionist purposes. See West Lynn Creamery, 512
U.S. at 211-12 (Scalia, J., concurring) (citing Dan T. Coenen, Untangling the
Market-Participant Exemption to the Dormant Commerce Clause, 88 Mich. L. Rev.
395, 479 (1989); Richard B. Collins, Economic Union as a Constitutional Value,
63 N.Y.U. L. Rev. 43, 103 (1988); and Mark P. Gergen, The Selfish State and the
Market, 66 Tex. L. Rev. 1097, 1138 (1988)). In other words, there is an in-state
political check on subsidies that are paid from the general treasury. There is,
however, a significant difference between this argument and the one that is made
in this Note. The former holds true only if in-state interest groups are
ignorant of the fact that the source of the subsidy is functionally irrelevant,
see supra pp. 1541-42; the latter stands provided that interest groups are
self-interested. Although the Court has made the latter assumption, see, e.g.,
Washington, 460 U.S. at 545; Minnesota v. Clover Leaf Creamery Co., 449 U.S.
456, 473 n.17 (1981); Raymond Motor Transp., Inc. v. Rice, 434 U.S. 429, 444
n.18 (1978), it has never recognized the former one.




n73.  The functional tariff in this case would be capped at the amount of the
tax on the out-of-state firm, less the sum of the social costs that are imposed
on the state in question and the government benefits that are derived from that
state by the firm.




n74.  See supra section II.B.




n75.  See supra note 59.




n76.  The Supreme Court, in fact, has recognized the overwhelming public
interest in raising revenue through a sound tax system. See, e.g., United States
v. Lee, 455 U.S. 252, 260 (1982); see also Compania General de Tabacos de
Filipinas v. Collector of Internal Revenue, 275 U.S. 87, 100 (1927) (Holmes, J.,
dissenting) ("Taxes are what we pay for a civilized society ....").




n77.  See supra note 56. The political resistance of consumers is also probably
constitutionally irrelevant: it will not validate an otherwise unconstitutional
tax. See supra note 71.




n78.  One might respond that making this factual issue constitutionally
dispositive will lead to excessive litigation. However, it is unclear whether
there would be more litigation by using this distinction than under the status
quo. As Tribe notes, "it is inevitable that [the current] approach counsels
frequent and probing judicial intervention under the commerce clause... This
model serves not as a brake on judicial scrutiny of state laws, but as a
directive to the courts to review and invalidate a wide range of quite ordinary
legislative measures." Tribe, supra note 7, at 411.




n79.  See supra p. 1543.




n80.  Tribe, supra note 7, at 411.




n81.  See Cumberland Farms, Inc. v. Mahany, 943 F. Supp. 83, 86 (D. Me. 1996)
(citing Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 36, 4541-4546 (West 1996); 1995 Me. Laws ch. 2,
preamble and 4).




n82.  See id. (citing Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 36, 4771-4773 (West 1996); 1995
Me. Laws ch. 368, B-1; 1995 Me. Laws ch. 5, A-1).




n83.  See id. at 87 (quoting Plaintiff's Motion for Summary Judgment at 17-18)
(internal quotation marks omitted).




n84.  See id. at 90.




n85.  See id. at 88, 90. The court also stressed that the tax and the subsidy
were enacted in separate pieces of legislation, unlike the tax-and-subsidy
scheme in West Lynn Creamery. See id. at 87-88.




n86.  See id. at 90 (citing West Lynn Creamery, 512 U.S. at 199 & n.15).




n87.  See supra pp. 1537-38.


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Government halves subsidy on solar panels mandatory in Haryana's buildings

SECTION: POWER

LENGTH: 548 words


GURGAON: The Centre has decided to reduce by half its subsidy on rooftop solar
power panels that are now mandatory in Haryana's buildings, an early hurdle for
a scheme the state government wants implemented by September this year.

The Union ministry of new and renewable energy has announced the subsidy is
likely to be reduced up to 15%. When the scheme was announced in the New Year,
state officials had expected the Centre to offer a 30% subsidy with additional
concessions from Haryana to make the scheme more attractive and implementation
easier.

But the ministry put out a notification on its website on January 2, saying the
subsidy policy was under revision and was likely to be reduced up to 15% from
the current 30%, either in the form of capital subsidy to be given directly to
Aadhaar-linked accounts or in the form of interest subvention.

State officials said the Haryana government was yet to decide on the quantum of
subsidy it would give. Vinay Pratap, Gurgaon's additional deputy commissioner
and project officer for implementation of the solar scheme, said, "If there is
any reduction in central subsidy, the state government may consider reworking
its share, clarifications and guidelines for which are yet to be issued."

Arun K Tripathi, scientist at the ministry, told TOI on Sunday it may also not
be possible to provide central subsidy to all categories of beneficiaries
applying for installation of rooftop solar power panels. Educational
institutions, hospitals, old-age homes, government community centres, government
buildings and residential buildings would be prioritized over industrial and
commercial buildings, he added.

\xA0

Upendra Tripathy, secretary in the ministry, said solar power plants would be
viable for heavy consumers even without subsidy as they would reduce power
bills. "Subsidies are needed to create demand and the demand is increasing now
with a state making it mandatory to install solar power projects, as is the case
in Haryana. With the increase in demand, we need to make these subsidies
available to a larger audience, which is why they will have to be brought down,"
he said.

Tripathy added, "The cost for solar power infrastructure has also come down
drastically compared with three years ago. We expect it to come down further
after the Prime Minister's industry meet scheduled from February 15 to 17, where
top companies from around the world and India will discuss renewable energy."

It's now mandatory for all buildings on a plot size of 500 square yards or above
in Haryana to install solar panels with capacities depending on the connected
load. The minimum requirement is a 1 kilo Watt plant, which costs around Rs 1
lakh. The state has an installation deadline of September, but overcoming the
cost factor is likely to be the biggest challenge.

Pranav Mehta, chairman of the National Solar Energy Federation of India, said
the government's subsidy mechanism in the renewable energy sector needed a hard
look. "In most cases, subsidy is delayed and subsidy delayed is as good as
subsidy denied. If the ministry claims they have a limited budget, they should
push for routing the subsidy through the Rs 6,000 crore National Clean Energy
Fund generated from cess charged from the coal mining industry."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

LPG subsidy amount on a constant decline since April 2016

BYLINE: Priyanka Singh

SECTION: LUCKNOW

LENGTH: 269 words


Lucknow: As a part of conscious decision by the Union Ministry of Petroleum and
Natural Gas, the subsidy amount being transferred to the customer's bank account
after getting a cylinder refill is constantly declining by Rs 2 every month. The
petroleum dealers of Lucnow said that the Centre wants to cease giving subsidy
to people after some time, so has started decreasing the subsidy amount in a
phased manner.This is to ensure that public doesn't panic and waving off subsidy
doesn't cause financial burden at once.

The UP chapter president of All India LPG Distributors Federation (AILDF), DP
Singh said, "It is just like diesel, when the Centre was decreasing subsidy
amount by 50 paise per month until few months back. The same is being done with
LPG cylinders where every month, the amount is being decreased by Rs 2 every
month."The process started in April this year. At present the cylinder's cost is
Rs 506, of which the subsidy part is only Rs 79 which is being credited in
people's account. Chandra Bhusan Choubey, chief area manager, IOC Lucknow said,
"Yes it is true, the subsidy is constantly declining every month since April
2016. But a major cause is declining rates of LPG cylinders also. The subsidy is
directly proportional to the rates, so when rate slashes the subsidy part also
dips."However the dealers' federation claimed that apart from the decreasing
subsidy amount, the Ministry is deducting Rs 2 from subsidy too. Singh said,
"One can verify with the subsidy calculation formula. Whatever subsidy is due,
people are getting Rs 2 less every month."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

LPG subsidy amount on a constant decline since April 2016

BYLINE: Priyanka Singh

SECTION: LUCKNOW

LENGTH: 269 words


Lucknow: As a part of conscious decision by the Union Ministry of Petroleum and
Natural Gas, the subsidy amount being transferred to the customer's bank account
after getting a cylinder refill is constantly declining by Rs 2 every month. The
petroleum dealers of Lucnow said that the Centre wants to cease giving subsidy
to people after some time, so has started decreasing the subsidy amount in a
phased manner.This is to ensure that public doesn't panic and waving off subsidy
doesn't cause financial burden at once.

The UP chapter president of All India LPG Distributors Federation (AILDF), DP
Singh said, "It is just like diesel, when the Centre was decreasing subsidy
amount by 50 paise per month until few months back. The same is being done with
LPG cylinders where every month, the amount is being decreased by Rs 2 every
month."The process started in April this year. At present the cylinder's cost is
Rs 506, of which the subsidy part is only Rs 79 which is being credited in
people's account. Chandra Bhusan Choubey, chief area manager, IOC Lucknow said,
"Yes it is true, the subsidy is constantly declining every month since April
2016. But a major cause is declining rates of LPG cylinders also. The subsidy is
directly proportional to the rates, so when rate slashes the subsidy part also
dips."However the dealers' federation claimed that apart from the decreasing
subsidy amount, the Ministry is deducting Rs 2 from subsidy too. Singh said,
"One can verify with the subsidy calculation formula. Whatever subsidy is due,
people are getting Rs 2 less every month."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 7, 2015 Saturday

Iran pays $180M in subsidy to production sector

BYLINE: Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 240 words


March 07--Iran has paid at least $180 million in subsidy to the domestic
production sector.

Iran's government spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nobakht rejected recent comments of
industry minister Mohammad Reza Nematzadeh who had claimed that no subsidy has
been paid so far to the production sector, Iran's ISNA news agency reported on
March 7.

Nobakht criticized Nematzadeh for his comments, saying that subsidies are not
supposed to be paid to the minister himself.

The administration will provide producers with low interest loans instead of
giving them cash subsidies, Nobakht added.

The subsidy reform plan, which was called "the biggest surgery to the economy",
was put into operation in September 2010.

According to the plan, the subsidy on food and energy is removed gradually, and
the government allocates a portion of the amount saved to people and industry.

The Iranian administration has paid no subsidy to the production sector
(industry, mining agriculture) in the current Iranian calendar year, which began
on March 21, a report by Iran's Targeting Subsidies Organization said.

This is while the Subsidy Reform Plan had envisaged 100 trillion rials (about $3
billion) to be earmarked for boosting domestic production, improving the public
transportation, and implementing energy saving projects.

___ (c)2015 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150307-1AZ-Iran-pays-180M-in-subsidy
-to-production-sector-0307-20150307

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2015 Trend News Agency


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      June 15, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Farm subsidies need more debate: Ottawa believed to be preparing $5.2 billion
increase in assistance

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Michael Campbell

SECTION: Business BC; Michael Campbell; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 561 words

In their latest research study on agricultural subsidies in Canada, Lawrence
Solomon and Carrie Elliot report that in the past 10 years no province operated
a profitable farm economy.

This comes on the heels of reports that suggest the federal government is about
to announce a $5.2-billion increase in the level of farm subsidies. Even though
the announcement of new billion-dollar agricultural subsidies has become an
almost annual event, the issue doesn't get debated on talk radio or merit a
single letter to the editor.

Last year was a record year for the agricultural industry in Canada and yet the
total profit of $3.75 billion was just under the amount of direct government
subsidies. In other words, as Solomon concluded, "all we harvest are subsidies."

According to Agriculture Canada's Data Book, for every dollar of profit over the
past 10 years that a farmer made, on average Canadians subsidized it to the tune
of $3.53, and that doesn't include subsidization through lower power rates and
property taxes.

What we as taxpayers don't know about the billions spent on agricultural
subsidies seems endless. Solomon and Elliot go a long way to bring us up to
speed with their research published by the Urban Renaissance Institute.

Contrary to what you might hear, the woes of farmers in Saskatchewan, for
example, are not simply the result of higher U.S. and European subsidies. Ten
years ago, Saskatchewan farmers received a higher level of subsidy than their
counterparts in the U.S. and Europe and yet at no point did the Saskatchewan
farm economy make a profit.

We're subsidizing farms on the Prairies that are a regular bailout waiting to
happen because they are set up in areas that regularly experience drought.
What's worse is that the subsidies have encouraged farmers to cultivate even
more land that can't support an economic operation.

We can also forget about the myth that these subsidies are there to help the
small family farm like the one in the old Lassie movies. As Solomon points out,
"the subsidies support large-scale, mechanized agriculture, and only encourage
the takeover of small farms by the large ones."

The irony is that for the most part the small farms could make a go of it but
are squeezed out by the large corporate farms receiving the subsidies.

The subsidies are not distributed equally to all agricultural sectors. B.C. has
the best example of a well-diversified, consumer- driven industry in which many
successful operations producing a variety of products are not subsidized. In
fact, B.C. is the least subsidized province in the country with $1.81 in
subsidies for every dollar in profit.

The bulk of direct subsidies go primarily to help out low-value commodities like
wheat, which are then exported to other markets. In other words, the lower
prices that are produced by subsidization benefit consumers in other countries.
In Saskatchewan's case, American consumers are the biggest beneficiaries of the
low prices afforded by Canadian taxpayers.

The issue of how best to help our farmers requires far more public debate. The
familiar policy route of more subsidies to otherwise uneconomical operations
will not rescue them and continues to hurt us as taxpayers and consumers.

The problem is that no federal politician, fearing the intense fall-out, would
dare tackle the issue.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Column

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Few residents from state opt for no subsidy on LPG cylinder

BYLINE: Anuja Jaiswal

SECTION: RAIPUR

LENGTH: 310 words


RAIPUR: While finance minister Arun Jaitley has taken the initiative among
country's VVIPs to opt for no subsidy on domestic LPG, there are almost 25
people in Chhattisgarh who have already opted for buying the cooking gas at
market price without government's dole.

Talking to TOI, state coordinator of oil companies, Raju Muni Tamrakar said
though the number of such people is still less, those desiring to do so have to
fill Form 5 to deny subsidy payments. Stating that the subsidy amount of Rs 371
per cylinder is meager for affluent families, Tamrakar said with the finance
minister's initiative getting wide publicity, many more people are likely to
join in.

He said as of now an average of 50% of the 16.21 lakh consumers of various LPG
suppliers have linked their bank accounts for receiving the subsidy directly.
Majority of those who have opted for no subsidy are either senior government or
corporate sector employees. As of now each consumer, who registers for direct
subsidy payment, would receive a one-time permanent advance of Rs 568 in their
bank account prior to buying the first LPG cylinder at market price.
Subsequently, they would get a subsidy of Rs 371 in their bank account after
delivery of the refills.

A considerable saving could be made on government's annual LPG subsidy bill of
Rs 46,458 crore if affluent people opt for no subsidy. In Chhattisgarh, about
eight lakh (50%) consumers have so far been linked for direct subsidy transfer.

Officials say that consumers have to either submit their aadhaar details to the
distributor or bank, or fill up a bank mandate form, available with the dealer
(if there is no aadhaar card) and link it to the subsidy mechanism.

According to estimates, direct payment of subsidy would save about Rs 8,000
crore (15%) subsidy by eliminating misuse of domestic supply.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

US Snubbed for Fabricating 'Hidden Subsidies' Issue

BYLINE: AMITI SEN NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 362 words


The government has rebuffed US' attempts to bring the Indian subsidy programme
under the scrutiny of the World Trade Organisation,saying the "undisclosed
subsidies" identified by Washington had either expired or were not subsidies at
all.US trade representative Ron Kirk had in October accused India of hiding
about 50 central and state government subsidy programmes from the world trade
body in violation of WTO's free trade rules.Terming the situation
"intolerable",Kirk had said that India filed its first notification in almost 10
years and,even then,notified "only three of the many subsidy programmes we know
to exist." Kirk's office had also identified nearly 200 subsidy schemes in China
that it said have not been notified."Just because the US thinks it is a subsidy
does not make it a subsidy," commerce secretary Rahul Khullar told ET."The US
has picked up schemes,such as the Duty Entitlement Pass Book,where benefits have
already expired.And there are other programmes,such as advance licences and
related schemes,where the exporters are being reimbursed input taxes." At a
recent meeting of the committee on subsidies and countervailing measures,the US
had demanded that India should notify these schemes,besides phasing out
subsidies on textiles and apparel.Countervailing duties are levies imposed on
imports to counter the effects of subsidies given by an exporting country to its
industry.Khullar,however,said India had no obligation to notify these
schemes."The US' understanding of the matter is very poor," he said,adding that
India planned to do nothing about the allegations as the US had not officially
moved the WTO on the issue.Notifying export schemes as subsidies at WTO will
give other countries an opportunity to target India and levy countervailing
duties on Indian merchandise,said Ajay Sahai,director general & CEO of
Federation of Indian Export Organisations.Most of the schemes identified by the
US as subsidies are compatible with WTO rules,Sahai said,adding that an exporter
in India ends up paying more taxes than what is reimbursed to him as the Centre
does not compensate for state levies such as octroi,electricity cess and sales
tax.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday
                                 Delhi Edition

US Snubbed for Fabricating 'Hidden Subsidies' Issue

BYLINE: AMITI SEN NEW DELHI

SECTION: ECONOMY

LENGTH: 362 words


The government has rebuffed US' attempts to bring the Indian subsidy programme
under the scrutiny of the World Trade Organisation,saying the "undisclosed
subsidies" identified by Washington had either expired or were not subsidies at
all.US trade representative Ron Kirk had in October accused India of hiding
about 50 central and state government subsidy programmes from the world trade
body in violation of WTO's free trade rules.Terming the situation
"intolerable",Kirk had said that India filed its first notification in almost 10
years and,even then,notified "only three of the many subsidy programmes we know
to exist." Kirk's office had also identified nearly 200 subsidy schemes in China
that it said have not been notified."Just because the US thinks it is a subsidy
does not make it a subsidy," commerce secretary Rahul Khullar told ET."The US
has picked up schemes,such as the Duty Entitlement Pass Book,where benefits have
already expired.And there are other programmes,such as advance licences and
related schemes,where the exporters are being reimbursed input taxes." At a
recent meeting of the committee on subsidies and countervailing measures,the US
had demanded that India should notify these schemes,besides phasing out
subsidies on textiles and apparel.Countervailing duties are levies imposed on
imports to counter the effects of subsidies given by an exporting country to its
industry.Khullar,however,said India had no obligation to notify these
schemes."The US' understanding of the matter is very poor," he said,adding that
India planned to do nothing about the allegations as the US had not officially
moved the WTO on the issue.Notifying export schemes as subsidies at WTO will
give other countries an opportunity to target India and levy countervailing
duties on Indian merchandise,said Ajay Sahai,director general & CEO of
Federation of Indian Export Organisations.Most of the schemes identified by the
US as subsidies are compatible with WTO rules,Sahai said,adding that an exporter
in India ends up paying more taxes than what is reimbursed to him as the Centre
does not compensate for state levies such as octroi,electricity cess and sales
tax.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                 March 14, 2011

My Say: The subsidy and rising debt debate continues

BYLINE: Rafizi Ramli

LENGTH: 1363 words


Subsidy has become somewhat of a sensitive word along the nationâ  s corridors
of power. It is primarily blamed for the nationâ  s ballooning fiscal deficit
which threatens to march Malaysia down the same path taken by Greece and Ireland
recently. The removal of subsidy has thus become a national mission.

It is good that Malaysians are becoming more aware of the pros and cons of a
social system that relies heavily on subsidy. A continuing reliance on subsidy
to keep fuel prices down or expectation that our fuel prices will remain at
todayâ  s prices for the foreseeable future is unrealistic for the simple reason
that hydrocarbon resources are finite. Even if we have much larger oil and gas
reserves than today that can last longer than the present estimate of 15 to 25
years, it is imprudent to waste these as cheap fuel, given that it will become
more costly to produce a barrel of oil in the future. Malaysians must understand
that gradually, we will have to live without fuel subsidy.

Where we, the opposition, differ is the manner in which the national debate on
subsidy is being selectively approached by the government, especially vis-Ã -vis
the huge gas subsidy given to the energy sector and the amount of debt servicing
charges the public has to absorb each year. Both feature prominently in any
solution to reduce fiscal deficits.

For the record, Budget 2011 allocates 8.7% of the total RM212 billion budget to
debt servicing charges for all the loans taken and guaranteed by the federal
government. This works out to RM18.4 billion of interest and principal payments
a year. This number should strike a chord with those who are familiar with the
mathematics of subsidy in Malaysia because it is a lot higher than the fuel and
food subsidy that the federal government bears each year.

When crude oil prices shot through the roof in 2008, the total fuel subsidy
borne by the government was RM15 billion (based on data released by Pemandu).
Normally, when crude hovers at US$65 to US$85 per barrel, the estimated fuel
subsidy is RM9 billion to RM11 billion a year.

Thus, even if crude oil prices rise as dramatically as they did in 2008 (which
we have yet to see so far despite the current political turmoil in the Middle
East) the total fuel subsidy borne by the government would be lower than the
debt-servicing charges. Thus, Malaysia is spending double the amount of public
money servicing the debts that the federal government has accumulated over the
years, which had reached RM407 billion by the end of 2010.

So, while it is right to focus on subsidy removal as a means to reduce the
national fiscal deficit, the public must be bolder to press for a concrete plan
to reduce our debt-servicing charges over the years. Debt servicing is the
bigger culprit and a problem that needs to be tackled, especially in the light
of the governmentâ  s rush to issue bonds to fund the billions worth of projects
announced in its Economic Transformation Programme. A preoccupation with subsidy
removal to the point that we lose sight of the rising debt problem is something
that we cannot afford to do as a nation.

Are austerity measures necessary to trim the national budget so that we scale
down annual borrowings and manage the budget deficit better? Can we live with a
period of modest economic growth while we tackle the problem of high debt level?
There are no simple answers but eventually we will arrive at a juncture where we
cannot avoid the questions anymore. So, it is best to start the public discourse
now. Either way, the majority of Malaysians will agree that eliminating
corruption and shoddy government procurement practices will go a long way
towards managing our reliance on debt.

The other economic question that should be considered in any national debate on
subsidy is the RM19 billion gas subsidy provided, notably to the energy sector
and, to a lesser extent, the non-power sector each year. This is a sore point
for national oil corporation Petronas as it is akin to wasting RM19 billion of
good money for the sake of keeping the electricity tariff artificially low. Even
if we have an abundance of gas reserves (which we donâ  t), subsidising that
amount of natural gas each year is economically wasteful when it can fetch a
much higher price if utilised differently, for example as liquefied natural gas
or feedstock for processed chemicals.

Proponents of the gas subsidy to the energy sector will argue that it is
necessary to help the rakyat as cheaper tariffs benefit them directly. This is a
political argument that is similar to the economic argument that an energy
subsidy is necessary to make Malaysia competitive as a manufacturing hub.

Research by Jeff Rector of Stanford University found that the rakyat
(non-business and non-industry users) consumed only 19% of total electricity
generated in Malaysia in 2005. Tenaga Nasional Bhd has made a few changes to the
public tariff structure since then so that in all probability, there will not be
a sudden tariff hike for low-capacity users such as the public if the gas
subsidy is phased out.

The industrial and commercial sectors have the right to be concerned when there
is any proposal to phase out the gas subsidy to the energy sector because they
stand to suffer the most; in 2005, these sectors consumed 81% of the total
electricity generated. This is where the practical and philosophical questions
on gas subsidy require an in-depth discussion.

First, there is a big disconnect between the push for a high-income economy
driven by higher innovation and creative capital and the insistence that our
industrial sector continue to be protected by cheap electricity tariffs paid for
by the state. An economy that is benefiting greatly from state handouts (either
in the form of bloated state contracts or subsidies) will resist any attempt at
structural reform as it is only natural for people to choose the easier option.
Why go through the pain of economic reform when our industries can still earn a
profit by making products with lower technology and creative content because the
state subsidy distorts manufacturing costs?

Second, even if there is a consensus that our industries still require some form
of subsidy to maintain their competitiveness, economic and tariff data clearly
shows that the RM19 billion gas subsidy does not necessarily translate into
cheaper tariffs.

Thailand is a good example of how cheaper tariffs can be achieved without
spending too much on â  corporate subsidiesâ  in the form of a massive gas
subsidy to the energy sector annually. The price of gas sold to the energy
sector in Thailand is pegged to the market price of gas sourced domestically and
from long-term supply contracts with neighbouring suppliers such as Myanmar.

On top of raw gas price, the formula includes charges for pipeline tariffs,
marketing margins and being indexed to the Consumer Price Index, foreign
exchange movements and the Producer Price Index. The long and short of it is
that power producers in Thailand pay market prices for gas â " almost RM31 per
mmbtu when crude oil reaches US$100 per barrel (compared with RM10.70 per mmbtu
by the energy sector in Malaysia).

Interestingly, Thailandâ  s electricity tariffs are still cheaper than Malaysiaâ
s. A residential consumer in Thailand only pays 18 sen per kWh for the first 150
kWh used, compared with Malaysiaâ  s 22 sen per kWh. This means tariffs in
Malaysia are 22% higher.

Similarly, Malaysian retail customers in the â  low voltage commercial tariffâ
category pay more than the Thais. The tariff is 37 sen per kWh in Malaysia, some
48% higher than Thailandâ  s 25 sen per kWh.

It is good that Malaysians are more aware of how our economy is run and where
taxpayersâ   money is being spent. It is encouraging that people are beginning
to think long term and question the viability of a social system that leans
heavily on subsidy. But any discussion on subsidy removal must take into account
the RM19 billion gas subsidy that seems to benefit only a small section of
society as well as the impact of the worrying level of public debt on the
nation.

Rafizi Ramli is the chief executive of the Selangor Economic Advisory Office

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2011 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday

Ending local govt misspending;
Govt must review system for granting subsidies to prefectures

BYLINE: Akihisa Aoyama, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writer, Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 730 words


The central and prefectural governments are under pressure to thoroughly review
the state subsidy system for local authorities following the discovery by the
Board of Audit that 12 prefectural governments have used such funds for purposes
other than those for which they were originally intended.

In Iwate Prefecture, people were upset that their prefectural government was
found to have misused 115 million yen in state subsidies. One resident said he
felt betrayed by the prefectural government, while another said he suspected
such a questionable practice had been a long-standing one.

The Iwate prefectural government had used enigmatic terms to describe its
inappropriate purchases as "deposits," "replacements" and "lump-sum payments."

"Deposits" were subsidies the prefectural government deposited in advance in
companies with which they did business. The local government had those companies
deliver goods as required.

"Replacements" referred to purchases of goods other than those stated in expense
documents.

"Lump-sum payments" referred to the practice in which the Iwate prefectural
government had goods delivered in advance and paid a lump sum for an invoice for
other goods.

Prefectural leaders should know that decentralization cannot move forward unless
local authorities ensure that they are trusted by residents. All governors
should try to end this entrenched practice.

However, it also is important to review from various angles the rigid state
subsidy program.

The Board of Audit specifically inspected state subsidies for public works
projects provided by the Construction and Transport Ministry and the
Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry--which were not downsized even
during the reform carried out by former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi when he
was in office.

The central government usually provides half of the funding for such projects,
with 10 percent of subsidies used for administration expenses, such as purchases
of goods, payment for temporary employees and expenses for employees' business
trips. Each ministry has guidelines to regulate the use of such funds.

Under a law enacted in 1995 to ensure appropriate use of state subsidies, the
Board of Audit in this case examined whether office expenses had been used for
purposes other than those stated.

Leaving aside senseless purchases, the problem is, for example, business trip
expenses used for purposes other than the original intent.

For example, some prefectural governments admitted they used state subsidies
that should have been used for public works projects funded by the central
government for travel expenses for employees to inspect the prefectural
governments' own construction projects.

However, prefectural governments said their employees also had inspected road
construction financed by state subsidies, adding that it would be inefficient to
differentiate between prefectural construction projects and state-subsidized
projects.

The board said that in one case, prefectural governments had temporary employees
hired with state subsidies work on their own projects.

The prefectural governments fingered in this controversy have argued it was
natural that temporary employees were asked to help when they were not busy.

If what these governments said is true, they have a point.

Obviously, it is outrageous if subsidies for a specific project or policy are
used for other purposes, but many prefectural governments insist that some
subsidies allocated by the bureaus and divisions of the ministries do not
reflect local realities and thus are inefficient.

In addition, if such subsidies are not spent within a given fiscal year, the
amount of subsidies for the next fiscal year may be reduced.

The central government annually provides subsidies of 4 trillion yen for public
works projects by prefectural governments, 2 trillion yen for education and 12
trillion yen for social security programs.

Some experts believe that prefectural governments do not make good use of state
subsidies because the funds do not come from their own area.

Eventually, it is hoped that local authorities will reform their handling of
public funds, eliminate subsidies strictly allocated for a single unbending
purpose and transform such funds into financial resources they can use freely
and responsibly.

To this end, the central and local governments must carefully check what types
of subsidies are wasteful.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 23, 2015

FG Urged to Abolish Fuel Subsidy Over Pressure On Forex Market

BYLINE: Obinna Chima

LENGTH: 818 words


Analysts at CSL Stockbrokers Limited, have advised the federal government to end
the fuel subsidy, which currently makes up a significant proportion of Nigeria's
import bill. They reasoned that removal of the subbing will help reduce demand
for dollars and reduce pressure in the foreign exchange market.

Besides' they argued that ending the fuel subsidy regime would save the
government about N1.2 trillion in expenditure in 2016, the analysts also
revealed. The naira has been under pressure in the past few weeks as low crude
oil prices continue to hit Nigeria's external reserves. Presently, the nation's
currency goes for about N270/$1 on the parallel market.

However, a report by the Lagos-based investment and research firm obtained by
THISDAY, also pointed out that beyond the short-term, ending the fuel subsidy
regime would be positive for the currency, saying that it would likely stimulate
refining of domestically- produced oil, which may then substitute imports of
petroleum.

"Experience of other emerging markets suggests that removal of fuel subsidies
positively impacts the balance of payments. This said, our pre-existing base
case is that some currency depreciation will be necessary on a six to nine month
time horizon to keep the economy stable and the external accounts on a
sustainable footing," the report stated.

Minister of State for Petroleum Resources, Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, had stated that the
federal government would begin a gradual withdrawal of the fuel subsidy in 2016.
The comment came months after President Muhammadu Buhari ruled out the need for
removal. Kachikwu, citing a shortage of funds, had said the subsidy put at over
N1 trillion ($5billion) in 2015 was no longer sustainable.

Crude oil (Brent) which has been hovering around $37.3/bbl, is already below the
pessimistic oil price benchmark of $38/bbl assumed in the 2016 budget.

Nigeria's long-standing fuel subsidies were partially removed in 2012 and
consequently, the pump price of petrol was increased to N97 per litre from N65
per litre. This was reduced to N87 per litre earlier this year due to the
drastic fall in oil prices but is expected to revert to N97 per litre following
subsidy removal during 2016, with full removal due in 2017. The country has
however witnessed severe fuel shortages for most of this year. Despite measures
by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to ensure adequate
petroleum supply nationwide, long queues have persisted in petrol stations
across major cities with the result that petrol has been selling for
significantly higher than the N87 per litre. The scarcity of petrol has largely
been blamed on delayed payment of subsidy claims.

To this end, CSL Stockbrokers argued that the removal of the subsidy was a
critical free-market reform, adding that it would be beneficial to the economy
and to government finances, "though it will almost certainly put pressure on
consumers and small businesses."

"Apart from augmenting government revenues, the removal of the subsidy removes
disincentives to refine petroleum product, and may improve the balance of
payments through import substitution. It is widely acknowledged that the subsidy
system was open to abuse and that only a relatively small number benefited from
it as petroleum has always sold for higher than the pump price in most other
states outside Lagos.

"We, however, believe there still remains some political risk in implementing
the change. The subsidy on petroleum is widely seen as a form of social security
in a country where health and social security provision is limited. Its partial
removal provoked negative reactions and street demonstrations in 2012.

"The cost of the subsidy is put at over N1trillion in 2015, in comparison with
the N5 trillion budget for 2015 (20% of the 2015 budget). Removing the subsidy
should save the government about N1.2trillion in expenditure in 2016. However,
it should be noted that, as we state above, it is widely believed that the main
beneficiaries of the fuel subsidy were a relatively small number of
intermediaries, so eliminating their profits benefits the majority. Therefore,
perhaps the most positive impact of this reform will be to introduce clarity
into the complicated world of petroleum pricing, and advance this government's
pro- market reform agenda.," it added.

Furthermore, they argued that the stock market may react positively to subsidy
removal, adding that investors would be in favour of the move, with the view
that it will curb leakages and enable the government re-allocate the funds
possibly to infrastructure development.

"However, removal of subsidies is likely to put more pressure on the hard-
pressed consumer, and therefore on consumer product companies and even food
manufacturers. To the extent that subsidy removal will lead to increases in
infrastructure spending, we expect subsidy removal to benefit cement
manufacturers," they added.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                                August 22, 2013

'Every Child Matters' Holds Dialogue On School Fees Subsidies

BYLINE: Victoria Saffa

LENGTH: 690 words


Every Child Maters-Sierra Leone, in collaboration with Actionaid
International-Sierra Leone, on Monday held a one-day dialogue session on school
fees subsidies at the British Council in Freetown. The dialogue was informed by
a research finding on the utilisation and disbursement of school fees subsidy,
and brought together stakeholders in the educational sector.

Welcoming participants at the forum, Executive Director of Every Child Matters,
Abdul Karim Koroma, said that school fees subsidy utilisation and disbursement
is a research that aimed to monitor the disbursement process and influence the
efficient utilisation of subsidies to primary schools. The research, he said,
targeted 70 participants, including 84 primary schools, head teachers and
chairpersons of school management committees and other relevant stakeholders
within the community.

He said the objective of the research was to monitor the disbursement process
and influence the efficient utilisation of fees subsidies to primary school, and
that it was also meant to create public awareness and participation on the need
for investment in the education sector. Koroma said the research was part of the
project titled "monitoring 20% government budgetary allocation to the education
sector".

He said that in line with the decentralisation process, funds supporting
devolved functions are directly transferred directly to the local councils to
cover these activities. The payment of school subsidies is among the functions
devolved to councils, geared towards ensuring that schools are paid the exact
amount for fees subsidy, aided by a comprehensive enrolment provided by schools
to the ministry of finance through the local councils, he said. The executive
director said the dialogue would create space for stakeholders' input in the
research report and allows comments and inputs on the report produced.

Actionaid International-Sierra Leone Governance Coordinator, Christina Lawrence,
in his statement said that poverty eradication is the focus of the organisation,
which is the type of work they support. The quality of education still needs
improving, he said, noting that not many Sierra Leoneans are able to pay school
fees for their children. Government holds the obligation to create an enabling
environment for children to go to school, the rationale for school subsidies, he
emphasised.

Lawrence said government was providing school fees subsidies, but was suspect in
its monitoring process, adding that even if enough money was provided the lax in
monitoring its utilisation would render it counterproductive.

The Education Officer at the Freetown City Council, Henry Fyfe, called on
government to increase school fees subsidies to primary schools, as the current
amount (Le5,000 per child) was appalling, compared to Le25,000 paid per child in
secondary school.

Mr. Fyfe told the gathering that school authorities also have an obligation to
make returns after receiving school fees subsidies.

A representative from the Ministry of Education, Science and Technology, Alex
Koroma, said every recognized and assisted school was entitled to school
subsidies, teaching and learning materials across the country.

He, however, noted that dishonesty on the part of some ministry officials,
including local councils, who connive to swindle subsidies for schools that do
not exist, meant they are depriving established schools from getting more
subsidies. He said the ministry is monitoring head teachers in a bid to ensure
they utilise the funds efficiently, with an Inspectorate of Schools recruited to
embark on that task.

The survey finds that most of school authorities were aware of their entitlement
with respect to the amount of monies that should be disbursed to them as payment
for fees subsidies; that funds for the payment of the subsidies were not
provided to councils for onward payment of subsidies for the second and third
terms of the 2011/2012 academic year, and the first term of 2012/2013 academic
year respectively.

Most head teachers, the survey reports, have only received school fees subsidies
for the first and second terms of the 2011/2012 academic year.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday
                                  City Edition

OBAMA BUDGET PROPOSAL CALLS FOR AGRICULTURE AID CUTS TO THE WEALTHY ;
Farming subsidy plan cultivates rural worry

BYLINE: STEVE LACKMEYER, Business Writer <br> slackmeyer@opubco.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1173 words


With President Barack Obama making farm subsidy cuts to the wealthy a priority
in his upcoming budget, Oklahoma's Third District Congressman Frank Lucas
launched a campaign about a week ago arguing just how the changes might
devastate the state's small farmers.

In a letter to U.S. Department of Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and news
releases distributed across the state, Lucas called Obama's effort to cap
recipients' income at $500,000 "ill-timed" and "ill-conceived."

"This proposal attacks family-run farms all across rural America," Lucas said in
the release. "The people who provide us with the safest, most abundant food
supply in the world are being asked to shoulder the burden of our economic
crisis."

After a series of speaking engagements on the subject, however, Lucas declined
repeated interview requests with The Oklahoman to discuss how the top recipients
of farm aid this past decade included large cattle and hog operations in the
Panhandle. Their owners funneled thousands of dollars to political campaigns -
including Lucas'.

Chris Hitch, chief executive officer of Hitch Enterprises in Guymon, told The
Oklahoman last week farming is not a big part of his operation and is only used
to create feed for his cattle and hogs.

"Obviously any time they cut farm subsidies, and we are a recipient, it does
affect our business," Hitch said. "But our farming side is so small compared to
the cattle and hog side it's a relatively small effect. It's probably 5 percent
of our business. It won't cripple us."

When asked whether he would be willing to give up the subsidies, however, Hitch
said he didn't know enough about the bill.

Records show Hitch Farms received $4.1 million in farm subsidies between 1995
and 2006. A report by Dun & Bradstreet estimates Hitch Farms annual revenues at
$7 million with a workforce totaling 300.

Mike Spradling, president of the Oklahoma Farm Bureau, warns against penalizing
successful farmers and ranchers like Hitch. With size and success, Spradling
said, comes increased risk if hit by economic difficulties, as illustrated by
woes General Motors faces.

"It's one of those things when you go to the supermarket and get a package of
bacon, can you tell me whose farm it came from?" said Spradling, a pecan farmer
who gets no subsidies. "Is being large and getting more land a crime in this
country?"

Like Lucas, Spradling argues farm subsidies are critical to providing stability
for struggling farms and that the nation's food supply could be endangered if
subsidies are cut.

Foes cite donations

But bill opponents argue the bulk of the subsidies are going to those who need
it least, and that reforms have been blocked by politicians with IOUs to the
recipients.

The Washington, D.C.-based Environment Working Group reports that 10 percent of
the recipients are getting 66 percent of the total subsidies. And of the
nation's 435 congressional districts, just 22 account for half of all farm bill
subsidies.

That list of 22 includes Lucas' district. The third district, spanning much of
western Oklahoma, ranked 15th for subsidies between 1995 and 2006, raking in
$2.8 billion.

The money has flowed both ways, with the Hitch family alone contributing more
than $100,000 since 1992 to various political and industry lobbying groups. The
Hitch's contributions included $14,500 to Lucas.

Other recipients sending money back to Lucas include Mitchell Worrell of Altus
and Harold Wooderson of Blackwell.

"We have to have someone up there who speaks our language and knows our
problems," Spradling said. "And Frank Lucas is one of those guys."

Sandra Schubert, director of government affairs with Environmental Working
Group, believes such contributions have stymied past attempts to rein in costs
of the federal farm subsidies.

"These are well-funded and entrenched interests out there fighting to keep this
money," Schubert, said. "We are in a time in which the whole country is asking
if we are spending our money wisely. Extremely wealthy people don't need
hard-earned taxpayer money when we're trying to keep people in their homes. We
do means testing for welfare, for kids' lunches - it's only reasonable to do
means testing for farm subsidies."

Insurance for food

Spradling said the children and families cited by Schubert will be the first to
be hurt by cut subsidies.

"If people thought $4 gas was atrocious, imagine a huge disaster that would
effect our production and leave us with $4 milk," he said. "For a very small
portion of their tax money, this is an insurance policy to make sure that food
is always on their shelf."

Schubert calls that response a "scare tactic," adding "nobody is talking about
eliminating subsidies to farmers."

"We're talking about fixing a system that is broken," Schubert said. "When we're
dealing with a deficit that is out of control, should we be giving money to
multi-millionaires and to people whose farms aren't even producing anymore?
Fifteen billion dollars is a lot of money. You can do a lot of good with that
money."

At A Glance

Top 10 Farm Subsidy Recipients, 1995-2006:

1. Hitch Farms Partnership, Guymon, $4,152,260

2. Ducks Unlimited, Memphis, Tenn., $4,139,440 (more than 80 percent of payments
are cost share reimbursements for restoration of wetlands).

3. Long Family Farms Partnership, Optima, $3,088,968

4. Duane Stevens Anadarko, $2,427,342

5. Paul Horton Farms, Hollis, $2,154,509

6. Bureau of Indian Affairs, Anadarko, $2,143,806

7. Wooderson Farms, Blackwell, $2,137,996

8. Bill & Karen Dill, Hollis, $2,131,436

9. Fischer & Fischer, Hooker, $2,026,268

10. Webb & Webb Farms, Guymon, $1,949,550

Proposed Reforms

About the president's plan

President Barack Obama's plan, which is reportedly set to be fully unveiled this
spring, calls for an end to direct payments to farmers whose annual sales
revenues top $500,000 a year. A 2007 report by the National Agricultural
Statistics Service indicates 1,194 Oklahoma farm operations had sales topping
$500,000. Obama also wants to lower the overall cap on farm subsidy payments
from $360,000 to $250,000 and phase out subsidies for crop insurance.

The Environmental Working Group, a longtime advocate of farm subsidy reforms, is
calling for further change, including an end to payments for land that is not
currently being used for crops (the program currently provides payments for land
that "historically" was used for crop production). Reforms enacted in 2008
included elimination of subsidies to deceased farm owners.

Donors named

Political donations to Rep. Frank Lucas from the top 10 Oklahoma farm subsidy
recipients:

&rarr;Hitch family, Guymon: $14,500

&rarr;Roger Fischer, co-owner of Fischer & Fischer, $250

&rarr;Harold Wooderson, Blackwell, $250

Snapshot:

A 2007 report by the National Agricultural Statistics Service, a division of the
United States Department of Agriculture, shows Oklahoma has 82,500 farms
spanning 33.7 million acres with the average farm spanning 408 acres. The
service reports that in 2002 the state ranked 17th in the country for total
value of crops.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Hitch Farms was the top recipient of farm subsidies in
Oklahoma from 1995 to 2006. The operation includes one of the state's biggest
hog farms, as shown in this 2007 file photo. - PHOTO BY DAVID MCDANIEL, THE
OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Wooderson farms in Blackwell, shown in this 1997 photo, received $2.1
million in farm subsidies between 1995 and 2006. - PHOTO BY JIM BECKEL, THE
OKLAHOMAN
Photo 3: A tractor driven by Curt Raines of Hitch Farms plants switchgrass in a
wheat field southeast of Guymon on June 10. - AP PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 27, 2003 Friday

Subsidies are no road to wealth

BYLINE: MARCUS GEE

SECTION: COLUMN; THE WORLD; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 772 words


Take two fictional farmers, one in Europe, one in Africa. Hans runs a dairy farm
in Germany. His automated, 200-head operation brings in enough income to pay for
a big Mercedes and his family's annual vacations on the Dalmatian coast. Edward
has 50 head in Uganda. He can barely feed his family. To save money, he has let
go three farmhands and taken his son out of school. His infant daughter died
this spring of dysentery.

It would be wrong, of course, to blame Hans's prosperity for Edward's
misfortune. Yet one leads directly to the other. The European Union spends
billions subsidizing farmers like Hans, depressing food prices in other parts of
the world and making it all but impossible for farmers like Edward to compete.

The policies that help pay for the neat white fences and new barn on Hans's
spread are the same policies that condemn Edward and millions of others like him
to misery and destitution.

One recent study showed that poor countries would triple their agricultural
trade and earn an extra $26-billion (U.S.) a year if rich countries halted farm
subsidies and opened their borders to farm imports. Rich countries spend
$300-billion a year on subsidies, six times what they spend on foreign aid.

Most wealthy countries are guilty to some extent. U.S. subsidies hurt Latin
American sugar farmers. Japanese subsidies hurt Asian rice farmers. Canadian
wheat and dairy subsidies hurt farmers all over. But to find the most vivid
example of how rich-country subsidies hurt the poor, look to Europe and Africa.

Selling food to well-off Europeans should be an ideal way for poor African
countries to lift themselves out of poverty. Seventy per cent of Africans work
in agriculture. With a longer growing season, often-fertile soil and cheap
labour, they have a natural competitive edge.

African sugar cane growers can make sugar more cheaply than European sugar beet
growers. Gabonese dairy farmers can produce cheaper milk and butter.

Yet European subsidies have created a virtual Maginot Line on the northern coast
of the Mediterranean, excluding Africans from their nearest rich market. The
President of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, recently complained that
rich-country cotton subsidies cut his country's export income by 12 per cent and
its gross domestic product by 1 per cent. Indeed, rich countries spend more on
farm subsidies every year than all of sub-Saharan Africa produces in goods and
services.

Facts like that may seem abstract, but they have real impact on real people. The
average sub-Saharan African gets by on less than a dollar a day. In some
countries, 20 per cent of children die before the age of five. Life expectancy
is below 50 years in many places.

The leaders of Western countries say that's a crying shame and promise to help.
U.S. President George W. Bush is to visit five African countries next month with
promises to fight poverty and AIDS. But the United States spends $19-billion a
year on farm subsidies and Mr. Bush has agreed to extend lavish subsidies for at
least another decade.

French President Jacques Chirac, similarly, styles himself a friend of the Third
World masses. But if helping Africa means inflicting the slightest pain on
French farmers, Mr. Chirac is suddenly less interested. He had a fit of Gallic
outrage last fall when British Prime Minister Tony Blair effectively called him
a hypocrite for bleating about Third World poverty while refusing to reform the
European Union's Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), the cornerstone of the farm-
subsidy system. Mr. Chirac said he had never been treated so rudely. Later, he
backed off a bit, suggesting that Europe should put a moratorium on subsidies
that help European farmers export food to Africa, a practice that undercuts
local producers.

Lately, though, Mr. Chirac has returned to his traditional role as arch defender
of the CAP. If France continues to block CAP reform, it could blight any hope of
reducing agricultural protectionism in the latest round of world trade talks.
The World Trade Organization has labelled the talks "the development round," but
unless the Europeans can do something about subsidies before a key WTO meeting
in September, the hopes for helping poor countries by opening up agricultural
trade will be bleak.

At home in Europe, farm subsidies distort the economy, push up the price of food
and hurt the environment by keeping marginal land under the plow.

In Africa, they kill. If Mr. Chirac honestly hopes to be a friend of the Third
World, he will change his ways and tear down the subsidy wall that keeps African
farmers out of European markets.

mgee@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily Champion (Lagos)

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Fuel Subsidy Money - Senate Will Expose Beneficiaries-- Hussein [interview]

BYLINE: Adekunle Adesuji

LENGTH: 981 words


is Senator representing Osun West Senatorial district in the Senate; he speaks
with

on his dissatisfaction with N1.5 trillion fuel subsidy money spent by NNPC
without the approval of the National Assembly. He also assesses the
administration of Governor Rauf Aregbesola in Osun State. Excerpts:

Removal or no removal of fuel subsidy, my concern right now is the decision of
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) to spend N1.5trilion on subsidy
without the approval of the National Assembly. N240 billion was budget for fuel
subsidy in 2011 budget but I was surprised when I heard that NNPC had spent
above the money earmarked for subsidy without the approval of the National
Assembly which is contrary to the constitution of the land.

The Senate will like to know those people that benefited from this money, from
my own point of view the essence of subsidy is to make life easy for our people
but it is very amazing that some are using this opportunity to make money for
themselves. The 1.5trillion spent by the NNPC would have been useful for the
provisions of basic infrastructure for our people like good roads network,
stable power supply, potable water and etc.

I have discovered that Nigerians are not benefiting from fuel subsidy at all; it
is only benefiting some set of people in the country. I think there is the need
for the Senate to unravel those people that are benefiting from this subsidy and
i think the committee set up by the Senate will get to the root of the matter.
We should wait for the outcome of the result of the investigation by the
committee.

Also, there is a lot of questions that needed to be answered, the committee must
first find out whether or not there is anything called subsidy because before
now, they have been claiming to be removing subsidy, is it really subsidy or
accumulation of inefficiency of government arising from refineries, crude oil
and if those are the things, then, there are lot for us to do.

As a member of the Action Congress of Nigeria, I think if government will remove
fuel subsidy there is need for the government to make palliative plan for the
people, so that removal of subsidy will not bring untold hardship to our people.

The leadership of the party has spoken; they said the proposal is "misplaced
priority", asking the government to review the federal allocation to states
before thinking of removing oil subsidy. Chief Bisi Akande in his interview with
newsmen recently also said that the Federal Government should put in place
infrastructure such as good roads, pipe borne water and electricity before
inflicting such pains on the masses, to me, the plan by federal government to
remove fuel subsidy will further impoverish the people.

Although Aregbesola is my personal friend, but sentiment apart, the fact remains
that Aregbesola administration has brought succor to the people of Osun State
within 11 months plus in the office. The governor is a man that is committed to
the development of the state, we met in 1998, and everybody can testify to his
achievement. When he was the Commissioner for Works in Lagos State for eight
years, the record of his achievement in Lagos is there for anybody to confirm
and I am very sure that there is no way he will not do more than that in Osun
State.

If you are close to Aregbesola, you will know that he is a man that always back
his words with actions, since he became the governor of the state, people both
the rural areas and urban areas can feel the impact of his administration, there
is no way you can compare 11 months plus of Aregbesola to that of seven and half
years of Oyinlola.

You can go to Oshogbo, Ejigbo and other areas in the state there is nothing on
ground to proof that the former governor had been able to deliver dividends of
democracy to the people of the state, with 11 months of Aregbesola in office, he
has created employment opportunity for many unemployed youths in the state, and
also intensify effort to improve the health sector in the state what about the
education and agriculture.

Farmers in the state can feel in the impact of Aregbesola within nine months in
office, right now, the government has awarded for construction of roads and
rehabilitations of dilapidated roads across the tree geo political zones of the
state.

The governor has ensured that there is even development across the three
senatorial districts in the state, before the end of four years of Aregbesola
everybody in the state will feel the impact of his administration positively
already in education he has embarked on building of modern school across the
three senatorial districts in the state.

Jonathan dares not to bring single term tenure proposal bill to the National
Assembly. Is that what we need now? I was disappointed when I heard that Mr.
President is proposing six years single year tenure for the president and
governors.

There is lot of problems in the country that needed to be addressed rather than
the issue of tenure elongation; there is problem of unemployment in the country.
There is issue of insecurity, unstable power supply, the issue of single term
tenure is unnecessary at this point in time for this country and again I don't
see what is wrong with our Presidential system of government that we have been
practicing since 1999. The proposal is dead on arrival in the National Assembly
because I don't think any reasonable Nigerian can support the bill.

I am not in support of the Siasia's sack. Siasia as a chief coach tried as much
as possible to ensure that the nation qualifies for the 2012 nations' cup but it
is unfortunate that the players failed the coach. Are we going to penalize
Siasia for the failure of the players. The coach should be allowed to continue
with his job, he tried his best to ensure that the Nigeria qualify for 2012
Nations' cup but the players failed him, I think he has done what needed to be
done as a coach

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 March 14, 2014

Withdraw Fuel Subsidy, Finance Commissioners Tell FG

BYLINE: Emma Ujah and Fatima Kareem

LENGTH: 1917 words

DATELINE: Abuja


Finance Commissioners from the 36 states of the federation rose from the
Federation Accounts Allocation Committee, FAAC, meeting in Abuja, yesterday with
a resolution asking President Goodluck Jonathan to withdraw fuel subsidy.

The Ebonyi State Commissioner for Finance and Chairman of the Finance
Commissioners Forum, Mr. Timothy Odaah, told journalists that fuel subsidy had
failed to achieve its objectives and had become a source of massive fraud which
must be discontinued in the interest of the Nigerian public.

His words: "We looked at subsidy on oil and see that it is more or less a
solution worse than the problem you intend to solve. You would remember that
during the National Conference on Economic Development, NACONFED, meeting in
Niger State, it was one of the issues we presented.

"Looking at it, you discover that it is not solving the problem it is meant to
solve.

"But you discover now that it is the average poor man that suffers. For example,
stand by the street, most of the transporters are not applying any benefit from
subsidy in what they charge because we know of course that the Federal
Government had a good intention to subsidise transportation so that it will be
to the absolute benefit of the poor man and every Nigerian.

"But you discover that there is no reflection of that subsidy benefit. Besides,
it is like a system that robs Peter to pay Paul. It makes the rich to get richer
and the poor to get poorer.

"For example, look at this simple analysis of econometrics: If a poor man uses a
motorcycle that uses five litreâ[#x20ac]'full tank then you look at the subsidy
granted at 50 kobo, for example, the 50 kobo on five litres will give you N2.
50k.

"Then you look at a big man that has 10 cars. Each of his cars has 100-litre
tanks. That will be 1,000 litres. Then multiply it by 50 kobo and you will see
the worth of subsidy the big man enjoys.

"Then subtract the poor man's subsidy of N2.50 kobo, what do you have? The same
thing applies to the states.

"There are some states that are fully industrialized. You have many industries,
factories and you use this subsidy in that place. The people who benefit more
are those states that are fully industrialized because the fuel consumption of
those factories use more of the subsidies, unlike the states that are
underâ[#x20ac]'industrialised.

"What we are advocating is that the subsidy should be removed so that every
state or any member of the federating units sharing from FAAC will take its own
money then decide to use it or grant subsidy at a level that it will be able to
afford.

"Then you look at the issue of subsidy as it applies to some individuals. The
marketers are not truly showing the intention of the Federal Government because
they have created a very great and big market for themselves in certain ways. I
said in certain ways because transparency is not coming up.

"There are some people who are eating on the subsidy to the disadvantage of
others. It is because of this that we passed a resolution at FAAC and that is
the opinion of the Forum of the Finance Commissioners: that a call should be
made to his Excellency, the President of Nigeria, Dr. Goodluck Jonathan, so that
he will reconsider the position of this subsidy."

Mr. Odaah said the Nigeria Labour Congress, NLC, and the Nigerian public were
deceived into agitating for the sustenance of fuel subsidy, thinking it was
meant to serve the interests of ordinary Nigerians but the contrary has been the
case.

He said: "In the first place, the NLC and the Nigerian populace appear to have
been deceived into clamouring for subsidy because syndicated pressures and
programmes were put in especially to ease transportation problems and likewise
tariffs on electric power."

The forum's chairman said the commissioners had set up a committee which would
write a letter to the Nigerian Governors' Forum and make a presentation to
President Jonathan on the matter and that each of them would return home to
properly brief their governors.

He said: "A committee has been constituted to look into the impact of the
subsidy -- whether it should be actually allowed. But I want to tell you that
the resolution we took is that subsidy should be withdrawn.

"The committee will formulate a letter that we will send to the Nigerian
Governor's Forum and we are going to brief our respective governors. They have
to be informed. We know it will be very difficult considering the critical
period of this time. But Nigerians will need to be told and convinced that they
were deceived by some people into agitating for subsidy. The committee is to
present its report by next FAAC."

Odaah disclosed that many states have been grumbling over the subsidy as they
considered themselves cheated in the subsidy arrangement.

His words: "Many states are grumbling. The subsidy is eating too much into the
crude reserve. You have heard that what we have today is $3.5 billion and it is
because certain approaches were followed. Otherwise, by the month of April, you
will have a situation where the states allocations will have to be deducted in
order to pay subsidy. Where is the subsidy going to?

"You will be better employed in the states, the states will grow their own
industries, there will be much more employment. A situation where subsidy alone
takes away much of what could be used for the purpose of industrialization,
there will be no investment, there will be no employment. In that aspect, you
will discover that the vicious cycle of poverty will come in."

According to the commissioner, sensitization campaigns would be required to
sufficiently convince the NLC and the Nigerian public on the advantages of
withdrawing fuel subsidy.

The FAAC, he added, also considered the interest rate regime as well as the Cash
Reserve Ratio on public deposits which CBN raised to 75 per cent before Malam
Sanusi Lamido Sanusi was suspended, saying it was stifling the economy. The
FAAC, therefore, called for a downward review.

He said: "We also took the case of the Sanusi monetary policy into consideration
which is the Cash Reserve Ratio, CRR. You discover that as at today, 75 per cent
of public deposits in the banks are taken to the Central Bank of Nigeria.

"This is a deliberate creation of artificial scarcity of funds. Then states,
local governments and even the Federal Government cannot borrow because the
coupon rate of interest rate has gone so high and there is a plan that the CBN
equally wants to increase it to 100 per cent.

"We are calling on the Federal Government to bring the rate down so that cash
will be available because the cost of funds has risen too high and because of
that states cannot meet up. You go to borrow from international market, it is
not possible, you want to borrow within Nigeria, it is not possible.

"You discover that even the facilities you accessed previously at 12 per cent,
the banks are now raising them to 25â[#x20ac]'28 per cent. By the time they
increase the CRR to 100 per cent, you will discover that nobody can borrow money
from the banks again at all. Who is this policy serving? We see it as a policy
that is serving only to confuse."

He added that the commissioners demanded that the Petroleum Products Pricing
Regulatory Agency, PPPRA, should attend the FAAC meetings and clarify issues,
especially as they concern the NNPC.

"They don't come before us here but they feel it is wise to go to the National
Assembly and make statements concerning NNPC. It is statutory. It is not a
matter to be debated. Therefore, we demand that they should be present here," he
said.

Meanwhile, the Federal Government, yesterday, paid N41.074 billion to 27
petroleum products marketers.

Paul Nwabuikwu, Special Adviser to the Coordinating Minister for the Economy and
Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjoâ[#x20ac]'Iweala, said in a statement in
Abuja that the payment was for claims that have been successfully verified.

Those paid were: A-Z Petroleum Products Limited; Acorn Petroleum Plc; Aiteo
Energy Resource Ltd; ASCON Oil & Gas Co Ltd; Avidor Oil & Gas Company; Conoil
Plc; Dee Jones Petroleum & Gas Ltd

Others were: Dozzy Oil & Gas Ltd; Folawiyo Energy Ltd; Gulf Treasures Ltd;
Hudson Petroleum Ltd; Hyde Energy (Nig) Ltd; Ibafon Oil Ltd; Masters Energy Oil
& Gas Ltd; Matrix Energy Ltd; Mobil Oil Nigeria Plc; MRS Oil & Gas Company Ltd;
Nepal Oil and Gas Serv. Ltd.

NIPCO Plc; Northwest Petroleum & Gas Ltd; Oando Plc; Obat Oil & Gas Services
Ltd; Rainoil Limited; Shorelink Oil and Gas Services Ltd; Techno Oil Ltd;
Tempogate Oil & Energy Company; and Total Nigeria Plc were also paid.

Mr. Nwabuikwu said the payment was made public "in continuation of the
ministry's focus on transparency and accountability in the management of the
subsidy regime."

He added that claims by some marketers that they were being owed subsidy for
nine months supply was incorrect.

The Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria, IPMAN, had earlier
in the week, alleged that its members had not been paid since last September.

Addressing a press conference, Tuesday, President of IPMAN, Alhaji Abdulkadir
Aminu, blamed the lingering nationwide fuel scarcity on the failure of the
Federal Government to pay marketers for petrol imported into the country in the
third and fourth quarters of last year.

According to him, "we are being owed Q3 subsidy payment, which is last year,
another Q4 and Q1 pilling up to about nine months unpaid subsidy to marketers.
We need to be paid this money because we are in business."

Aminu warned that the current fuel scarcity would persist because, according to
him, there was a supply gap due to the fact that the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation, NNPC, which it claimed was the sole importer of fuel, could only
supply 50 per cent of the country's needs.

He explained that why NNPC could continue to import was because it was an agency
of government but private marketers could not do so because of liquidity
limitations.

The IPMAN boss, who called on the Ministry of Finance to commence immediate
payment to allow marketers import the product, insisted "shortage in supply
today is as a result of nonâ[#x20ac]'payment of marketers' oil subsidy; partly
Q3, Q4 completely not paid and we are in Q1. For our national consumption today,
NNPC supply 50 per cent of the national consumption."

Also, the three tiers of government, yesterday, shared N641.299 billion,
representing revenue that accrued to the Federation Account as well as proceeds
from the Value Added Tax, VAT, in the month of February.

Statutory Federation Allocation stood at N531.332 billion; N64.129 billion from
Value Added Tax , VAT, proceeds; SUREâ[#x20ac]'P distribution stood at N35.549
billion, while the NNPC made a refund of N7.617 billion.

Jonah Otunla, Accountantâ[#x20ac]'General of the Federation, AGF, told
journalists at the end of the FAAC meeting in Abuja, that total statutory
federation account revenue was N666.745 billion which was N125. 875 billion
higher than January statutory revenue of N540. 870 billion, while VAT total
proceed was N66.801 billion, representing a N15.476 billion fall from the
N82.277 billion earned from VAT in the preceding month.

The improved revenue profile of the month under consideration reflected in the
amount each tier of government received for March expenditure.

The Federal Government took a total of N257.152 billion, the states got N157.617
billion, while the local governments were given N119.24 billion.

In addition, the oil producing states got N56.384 billion. They include: Akwa
Ibom, Rivers, Bayelsa, Delta, Abia, Imo, Ondo, Edo and Cross River.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Subsidy reform's next phase to cause 87 per cent hike in fuel price - Iran daily

LENGTH: 2085 words


Text of unattributed commentary headlined: "Prediction of an 87-per cent
increase in the price of energy in the second phase [of Targeted Subsidies]"
published by Iranian conservative daily Tehran-e Emruz website on 19 February

In addition to the very rapid increase in the prices of energy carriers, the
government has to exclude some groups of subsidy recipients. We should note that
87 per cent would be the average increase in prices. In other words, the
increase in the prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other carriers can be less
or more than 87 per cent, but the [average of] total increases will be
definitely 87 per cent. Otherwise, the ratification will be breached.

Economic Group: Regarding making subsidies purposeful and the implementation of
the second phase, the Majlis finally was forced to vote in favour of the initial
suggestion of the government. This means an increase in the revenues resulting
from making subsidies purposeful from 23,000bn tomans in the first phase to
48,000bn tomans in the second phase. Many still recall that Ahmadinezhad used to
announce that he wanted to increase the cash subsidies by five times with the
implementation of the second phase, but the Majlis would not vote in favour of
the proposals of the 10th government. Finally, these disputes forced the
implementation of the second phase to extend to 1392 [21 March 2013-20 March
2014]; and now the government of Rouhani must accept the implementation of a law
in 1393 [21 March 2014-20 March 2015] with which it was not inclined to deal,
had the previous government not started it.

The story of making subsidies purposeful is a long one. The governments of
Hashemi-Rafsanjani and Khatami tried in any way they could to avoid moving in
this direction. In addition, Ahmadinezhad also did not implement this law in the
ninth government, but its implementation began in the 10th government. With the
implementation of this law, the prices of fuel and energy were supposed to
become realistic; but the three-fold increase in the price of foreign currency
in the course of the implementation of the first phase of this law affected all
its goals. Now, in the second phase, the people must be prepared for even higher
prices. Moreover, frankly, the government no longer has the ability to pay
subsidies to all the people. Under such conditions, everyone is worried about
how the second phase of making subsidies purposeful will be implemented.

How much will the prices increase?

In this connection, Mehr News Agency in an analytical report wrote: An analysis
of the 48,000bn tomans in revenues resulting from the correction of the prices
of energy carriers in 1393, based on the new ratification of the Majlis, shows
that the average increase in the prices of the energy carriers next year will be
about 87 per cent.

Another part of this report states: In this ratification, 48,000bn tomans in
revenues have been projected to be the result of the correction of the prices of
energy carriers, whereas in the first phase of making subsidies purposeful, the
revenues resulting from this source were about 28,000bn tomans. On the same
basis, in the implementation of the second phase of making subsidies purposeful,
20,000bn tomans have been projected for the government as the increase in
revenues stemming from the correction of the prices of energy carriers, with the
exception of electricity, in addition to the fact that according to the Majlis
ratification, all the revenues resulting from the increase in the price of
electricity will be allocated to the electricity industry. Official statistics
and figures show that in the first phase of making subsidies purposeful, the
government gained 5,000bn tomans annually from the source of increasing the
price of electricity.

If we subtract this figure from 28,000bn tomans, that is, the total revenues
resulting from the correction of the prices of the energy carriers in the first
phase, the result is 23,000bn tomans. Now if we want to know the average
increase in the prices of energy carriers other than electricity in 1393, we
must look at the ratio of the new revenues of 20,000bn tomans and the revenues
of 23,000bn tomans from the first phase (other than electricity). On the same
basis, the average increase in the prices of the energy carriers other than
electricity next year will be about 87 per cent. Of course, we should note that
the increase of 87 per cent is the average increase in the prices. In other
words, the increase in the prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other carriers
can be less or more than 87 per cent; but the total [average] of the increases
will certainly be 87 per cent. Otherwise, the Majlis ratification will be
breached.

Ratification of the Increase of 38 Per cent in Water Fees

At the same time, the general manager of the National Water and Sewage Company
(Sherkat-e Ab va Fazelab-e Keshvar) reported on the ratification to correct the
water fees with two suggestions, an increase of 38 per cent and the imposition
of fees based on the environmental and local conditions.

He told Fars News Agency: The government cabinet must correct this ratification.
Hamid Reza Janbaz said, "In contrast to other service organizations such as the
Electricity Company and the Telecommunications Company that offer services of
equivalent quality, the water and sewage companies regarding the water resources
are limited to the local water resources; and the quality of the water that is
offered is different in various aquifers. The fees that we need to set for water
depend on numerous factors, such as the length of the pipelines and the quality
of the water. Hence, we look at all these factors in setting the fees, which
should ultimately result in the decrease in water consumption.

Janbaz added, "The correction of the water fees has been ratified, and the
suggestions we have offered have been that we be given permission to implement
the 38 per cent increase that is stated in the budget law. Another suggestion is
that we should be able to set the fees appropriate to the local and
environmental conditions."

Reregistration and penalties imposed on ineligible subsidy recipients

One of the important issues in the Majlis ratification regarding making
subsidies purposeful is the need for reregistration and the penalties imposed on
those who are not eligible to receive a subsidy but who do receive a subsidy.

In this connection, 'Ali Tajernia, an economic expert, told ISNA: Reregistration
and the imposition of fines in order to exclude the high-income subsidy
recipients will decrease the people's trust in the government. Hence,
self-declaration is the most suitable strategy ahead. Stating that the effect of
making subsidies purposeful on the economy is seriously dependent on the
performance of the government next year, Tajernia added: If this government,
similar to the previous government, were to distribute the revenues resulting
from making subsidies purposeful among the people in cash, undoubtedly, this
would result in the escalation of inflation.

Even though the severity of the destructive trend of the past might be reduced
to some extent, the distribution of cash as in the past will once again
intensify it. This expert says: If the government, considering its authority in
the note of the law on making subsidies purposeful, spends the resources on the
production sector and makes them available to the private sector, in other
words, if the revenues resulting from making subsidies purposeful are
productive, certainly the result will be positive effects on the economy and the
production trend and will trigger economic growth.

Stating that inflation resulting from the implementation of the note to the law
on making subsidies purposeful next year is predictable, Tajernia said:
Considering the economic growth that will be created, however, more favourable
conditions will be created, and the resulting inflation will be less pronounced
compared to the economic growth.

The government should not suddenly exclude the high-income groups

In addition, regarding the method of the implementation of the second phase of
making subsidies purposeful and excluding the high-income subsidy recipients,
Tajernia said: Even though in reality the government must make a distinction
between high-income and low-income deciles [groups], in the short term or
mid-term, it must not move toward excluding the high-income deciles.

According to him, the issue of self-declaration and the effort to convince the
high-income deciles to cooperate more with the government must be given further
attention. For excluding the high-income individuals from receiving subsidies,
positive methods rather than negative methods should be implemented. Pointing
out that the sudden exclusion of the high-income deciles from receiving
subsidies, which is often emphasized by the Majlis deputies, cannot be a
suitable strategy for the government, he said: At the same time, considering the
approach of the 10th government regarding subsidies, the people consider
receiving these subsidies as some sort of right and feel that by excluding them,
the government is depriving them of their right.

Achieving the figures in budget with a 40 per cent increase in prices of energy
carriers

While one of the important concerns about the law ratified by the Majlis is the
great pressure to increase the prices of energy carriers, and the prediction is
that these prices will increase by over 80 per cent, 'Avaz Heydarpur, a member
of the Majlis National Security and Foreign Policy Committee (Komisiyun-e
Amniyyat-e Melli va Siyasat-e Khareji), said to Khaneh-yeMellat: The prediction
is that in the budget, from the source of making subsidies purposeful, the
prices of energy carriers will increase by 40 per cent. The government must act
based on the principle of the law on making subsidies purposeful regarding the
manner and the type of payment of subsidies in order to achieve the goal
projected in the law.

Stating that the distribution of subsidies among all the people in the society
was a mistake from the beginning, the Majlis deputy from Shahreza and Dehaqan
said: Households must receive subsidies that deserve to receive them based on
actual need. Identifying the income deciles is not difficult. The government has
the precise infrastructure to identify those who deserve to receive subsidies;
and based on the information that it has, it can specify the target community.

Concern about share of production in second phase of making subsidies purposeful

One of the other serious concerns about the law ratified by the Majlis is the
lack of specific mechanisms for giving the production sector its share from the
implementation of this law, an issue that was disregarded in the first phase. If
the Majlis does not mandate the government to offer a specific mechanism for
allocating the share of production in the second phase of making subsidies
purposeful as in the past, the funds will be allocated based on personal
preference, and in the best-case scenario, based on the personal preferences of
a few experts without a transparent mechanism.

Abdeh Tabrizi, the advisor to the minister of roads and urban development and
the former secretary general of the Stock Exchange (Burs), said in this
connection to Tasnim: "Various experiences in recent years have shown that
whether or not we give cash, lend money interest free, or provide cheap raw
materials or dollars to the producers, they transfer to the consumers the
additional costs resulting from the increase in the price of energy in the form
of the increase in the prices of their products. Industries have never sold
their products proportionate to the foreign currency rate that they have
received or the price of the government raw materials that they have received.
In other words, the industries have always sold their products to the consumers
based on the open market rates, and whenever the gap between the nominal rate
and the open market rate has increased, it has had no result other than the
increase in economic inequality in addition to the increase in corruption in the
economy."

Of course, the government must specify the logic of identifying the sectors of
production that will be eligible to receive subsidies in order to be critiqued
and for the possible shortcomings and problems to be eliminated, and in order to
decrease the possible consequences of disregarding some of the production
sectors.

Source: Tehran-e Emruz website, Tehran, in Persian 19 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              July 28, 2013 Sunday

Food subsidy poses fiscal threat, may not help poor: World Bank

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 664 words


NEW DELHI: Prices of globally traded food declined for the third consecutive
quarter since their historical peak in August, 2012, a Word Bank report has said
but cautioned that uncertain weather conditions and domestic policy decisions
such as extension food subsidy programmes in India and other countries need a
close watch.

Prices of all the three main food categories declined between February and June,
2013. Prices of grains in June were 2% lower than in February; 3% lower in the
case of fats and oils; and 1% lower for others, which include sugar and meat,
among others, the July issue of the World Bank's Food Price Watch said.

Increased production, declining imports and increasing stocks exerted downward
pressure on export prices, but international prices remain tight for maize, it
said.

It said that the recent announcements by India, Indonesia, and Benin regarding
the extension of subsidized food programmes indicate that these subsidies are
not a thing of the past, a World Bank report has said but cautioned that unless
properly targeted they are ineffective, distort market prices and impose a hefty
fiscal bill.

The report said rising food prices and recurrent price spikes have revived the
popularity of food subsidies used by developing countries in the 1950s and 1970s
for poverty alleviation strategies.

Prices remain high and with recent price increases in May and June,
uncertainties surrounding unstable weather conditions and domestic policy
decisions among key food producers warrant close scrutiny, the report said.

"Domestic policies worth watching include public procurement policies, but also
consumer price subsidies, which, far from being a thing of the past, continue to
be used -- even though subsidies often bring meager benefits to the poor, high
fiscal costs, corruption episodes and unproven nutritional effects," the report
said.

"The long-held consensus regarding consumer food subsidies ... is that when
untargeted and poorly implemented, they are not effective in helping the poor.
They can also distort market prices and agricultural production, while leaving
nations with a hefty fiscal bill," the report said.

It cited data to highlight its point. A few figures for the Middle East and
North Africa region--the region most dependent on generalized subsidies,
including food, electricity, and fuel--illustrate the harmful equity and fiscal
implications of consumer subsidies.

According to International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates, just 35% of the amount
spent to subsidize food prices reaches the bottom 40% of the population (20% in
the case of fuel subsidies), compared with 50%-75% accruing to the bottom 40%
for well-designed cash transfers.31

"These estimates support previous evidence in other regions that food subsidies
are, on average, the most regressive," the report said.

Food subsidies represent about 0.7% of the regional gross domestic product (GDP)
of the Middle East and North Africa, or $22 billion annually. When electricity
and fuel subsidies are included, the share of GDP spent on consumer subsidies
rises to a whopping 7%, a total spending of $212 billion a year. In countries
like Egypt, Jordan and Morocco, food subsidies alone represent between 1.2 and
1.8% of GDP, considerably above the resources spent on such subsidies in most of
the rest of the world.

"Recently, food consumer subsidies have been linked to corruption incidences and
disappointing nutritional outcomes. Pilferage in schemes that distribute grains
with little public information on inputs and scarce "voice" among communities
may represent up to 50 or 70% of the allocated subsidized food," the report
said.

"Poorly designed food subsidies that lack transparency, accountability, and
promotion of healthy foods most likely will fail to sustain positive effects on
either nutrition, inequality or growth, and instead could take resources away
from more productive uses and threaten macroeconomic stability, the report said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 24, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Battle Is Looming Over Cotton Subsidies

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 2; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1046 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 23


An international court case in Geneva could force a resolution of the global
battle over agricultural subsidies, which has pitted rich nations against poorer
ones for decades.

The case comes as anger in the Third World over the $300 billion in annual farm
subsidies provided by the United States, European countries and other wealthy
nations has blocked progress on regional and global trade negotiations over the
last year.

Brazil now has the first case challenging these subsidies before the World Trade
Organization, accusing the United States of breaking trade rules by giving
American cotton growers and agribusinesses $1.54 billion in annual subsidies.

American cotton growers -- the world's largest cotton exporters -- say the case
threatens their livelihood and the entire American farm subsidy system. The
Brazilians say that the overproduction caused by American subsidies is
destroying their export markets and undermining the livelihoods of their
farmers.

To the consternation of the administration and the American cotton industry,
Brazil has relied almost exclusively on data from the United States Agriculture
Department and American agricultural experts to make its case.

This week, in a sign that the United States has grown weary of Brazil's tactics,
the administration refused to turn over documents that could bolster its own
defense, saying the information would compromise the identity of farmers who
receive the money.

Experts on the relatively new W.T.O. dispute settlement system said that
refusing to give the information could look suspicious to the three members of
the panel hearing the case and bolster the chances of a ruling against the
United States. But with so little precedent in this eight-year-old global legal
arena, experts are watching the case carefully, anxious about the precedents it
will set.

"This is a groundbreaking case -- a whole new area -- and a tough case for the
United States," said Claude E. Barfield, director of trade studies at the
American Enterprise Institute and a trade adviser during the Reagan
administration. "Even though I am very much opposed to the existing farm
subsidies of the United States and Europe, I worry about the potential here for
a substantial backlash. This is a highly political and volatile issue."

A decision in the case is expected in early spring.

In closed hearings, Brazil has aggressively asserted that the United States has
broken trade rules by using cotton subsidies to grab a larger share of the
export market and pushing down world cotton prices, according to documents
submitted by both countries.

In moving its battle to the courtroom, Brazil knew that it was raising the
stakes. Robert B. Zoellick, the United States trade representative, sent letters
this month to more than 100 trade ministers saying he wanted to revive global
trade talks that would require progress on these agriculture issues. But a
ruling in this case could upset those talks.

"You have to understand we are fed up with these farm subsidies and hearing for
25 years that things will get better," said Aluisio G. de Lima-Campos, an
economic adviser at the Brazilian Embassy in Washington. "The only way to deal
with it is to turn this into a make-it-or-break-it proposition."

Brazil, along with China, India, South Africa and a dozen other developing
nations, altered the global trading balance last year when they banded together
at trade talks in Cancun, Mexico, as a bloc determined to reduce rich-nation
farm subsidies. They argued that the subsidies not only hurt their exports but
also ruined the livelihoods of their poorer peasants and farmers, creating huge
social and political problems in addition to the economic ones.

The United States has defended its cotton subsidies, which have helped make it
the world's top cotton exporter with more than 40 percent of the world market.
Officials argued that Brazilian cotton consistently undercut the price of United
States cotton in export markets and that even without the subsidies, American
farmers would grow the same amount of cotton and that world prices would be
unaffected.

Administration lawyers also said in their submissions that they had kept
subsidies at levels determined in earlier agreements and were thereby protected
by a "peace clause" that prohibits challenges of the fairness of farm subsidies
at the W.T.O.

"Our cotton program complies with our W.T.O. obligations," said Richard Mills,
the spokesman for the trade representative.

The United States cotton industry is more fearful and describes the case as the
"center of the storm" threatening its livelihood and the entire American farm
subsidy system.

"If this panel finds against the United States, it may force radical revisions
in U.S. commodity programs," said William A. Gillon, legal counsel to the
National Cotton Council, a trade group.

Mr. Gillon and the administration were especially critical of the work of Daniel
A. Sumner, professor of agricultural economics at the University of California
at Davis and the former assistant secretary of economics at the Agriculture
Department during the first Bush administration.

Hired as a consultant by Brazil, Mr. Sumner created an economic model showing
that American cotton subsidies did lead United States farmers to plant more
cotton, causing increased American exports and pushing down world prices. Had
the farmers not received the subsidies, he wrote in a thick submission for the
W.T.O. panel, United States exports would have declined on average by 41.2
percent and the world price of upland cotton would have increased by 12.6
percent.

The United States countered with its own submission that critiqued Mr. Sumner's
analysis, saying it was flawed and failed to factor in the normal ups and downs
of the world market.

Several members of the cotton industry met with Mr. Sumner and told him he was a
turncoat.

"One person told me that if this were a military question, what I did would be
treason," said Mr. Sumner, who said he stood by his work.

"I don't come at this sort of thing for any reason but that the best possible
evidence is entered in this dispute process," he said. "I am a very strong
supporter of multilateral efforts, and I want the dispute process of the W.T.O.
to be as fair as possible."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Brazil has accused the United States of breaking trade rules by
giving American cotton growers and agribusinesses $1.54 billion in annual
subsidies. American cotton growers say the case threatens their livelihood and
the entire American farm subsidy system. (Photo by Getty Images)(pg. C3); (pg.
C1) ChartThe world's top cotton exporters, according to the International Cotton
Advisory Committee. Raw cotton in millions of tons, 2002-03 season UNITED
STATES: 2.6UZBEKISTAN: 0.8AUSTRALIA: 0.6GREECE: 0.3CHINA: 0.2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 19, 1991 Tuesday

REPORT ON FRANCE   Subsidies   favor top   farmers   Inequitable policy
rewards rich few

BYLINE: MARGARET PHILP; GAM

LENGTH: 1413 words

DATELINE: Paris FRANCE


BY MARGARET PHILP
The Globe and Mail
  PARIS
 When impassioned French farmers blocked roads and hijacked trucks to
protest against low-priced meat imports last fall, the government of
France stood up and took notice.

To quell the wave of demonstrations, French agriculture minister Henry
Nallet created an emergency 1.4-billion-franc ($325-million) fund to help
farmers indebted by competition from foreign imports and scant crop yields
from last year's prolonged drought.

Farmers in France wield political clout unrivalled anywhere else in the
world. They are 7 per cent of the French population, while their cousins
elsewhere in Europe are fewer than 2 per cent. France is the largest
agricultural exporter in the European Community, and second only to the
United States in the world.

The fidelity of the French government to its farmers is a bane to North
American trade negotiators who, after two months of breathing room, are
considering reassembling in Geneva for one last shot at striking an
agreement on agricultural subsidies. If all goes well in this latest
instalment of the four-year-old Uruguay Round, under the the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, less contentious areas are expected to
fall neatly into place.

On the North American side, negotiators hope to budge the EC - led by
the French on this issue - beyond a seemingly unshakeable pledge to reduce
subsidies by no more than 30 per cent between 1986 and 1996. Before the
talks stalled in December, the United States had doggedly insisted the EC
slash export subsidies by 90 per cent and its much-loathed import barriers
by three-quarters.

But on the other side of the GATT negotiating table in Geneva, the
French are feeling sorely misunderstood by those who want to dismantle
Europe's protectionist Common Agricultural Policy.

"The perception is that France is the most competitive EC country and
should be in favour of liberalization of the EC's external trade. But
France isn't alone. Every state provides subsidies," said one French trade
representative who, because of the volatility of the trade issue in
France, asked to remain anonymous.

While each country tackles subsidies in a different way, the EC's
method guarantees its farmers a price well above what the commodity
fetches on world markets. Because exports must be priced competitively,
the EC makes up the price difference to its farmers by way of export
refunds - a subsidy that rankles in North American trade negotiators more
than any other and ultimately lays at the heart of the failure of the
December meetings.

The United States insisted the export refunds be severed by 90 per
cent. The French responded that it could not be done. Instead, Europe
offered to trim all three categories of its farm subsidies - which, along
with export refunds includes generous price supports and stiff import
barriers known as variable levies - together by 30 per cent. The answer
was no.

In France, thousands of farmers again took to the streets, blockading
roads, hijacking trucks carrying livestock and dumping meat carcasses in
front of government buildings to protest Europe's reluctant concession to
cut subsidies.

"The United States wants to cut specific subsidies, but they don't
understand that all three  types of subsidies! must be linked together,"
said Jean-Luc Pelletier, who is the head of the French Ministry of
Agriculture's office of economic relations with the European Community and
an adviser to the French delegation to GATT.

He also objected to what he said was a fruitless attempt by U.S.
negotiators to drive a wedge between the European countries. "At every
occasion, the United States tries to find a division between members
states in the community. In Brussels, they hoped Germany would not support
France any more after the  Dec. 2 German! election, and were very
disappointed when Germany stood firm. It's not a good way of negotiating,"
he said.

"We know about the division between east and west Canada, and between
Quebec and Ontario. We also know about the divisions between the U.S.
administration and the Congress. We know it, but we're not interested in
provoking controversy."

In trade-negotiator language, farm subsidies have been dubbed "sins."
The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development in Paris, which
measures farm support levels in "producer subsidy equivalents," fingers
Europe as the most wicked "sinner." The EC drains more than 60 per cent of
its total budget on farm subsidies.

"We're not saying our system is better, but it is our system," Mr.
Pelletier said.

"If we are negotiating to be equitable, then if we reduce our support,
every country in the world must make the same effort, whatever their
system."

The United States protects its wheat farmers with individual payments
that allow them to keep their prices low. To France, there is little
difference between these payments and the export refunds paid to French
farmers.

"It's too easy for the United States to tell us to get rid of our
subsidies. But that really isn't fair," Mr. Pelletier complained. "The
United States has had export subsidies for five years, although they can't
be compared with Europe. The majority of their subsidies are internal."

Still, it is France that outbid the United States throughout the 1980s
in a contest to supply the Soviet Union and North Africa with wheat.

Worse, from a world view, France has stockpiled huge surpluses of
wheat, milk, meat and wine under a system of subsidies that rewards
production rather than seeks to support farmers' incomes.

With about 60 per cent of the EC's total budget drained by subsidies
that encourage European farmers to overproduce, the community is
grudgingly taking a second look at its venerated farm policy.

About 80 per cent of the subsidies are granted to 20 per cent of the
farmers - often owners of the most efficient, modern farms who least need
financial support.

Poorer farmers in southern and central France, trying to squeeze as
much production from the land as possible, have instead stripped it with
harmful chemicals and fertilizers.

"In our policy, the more you produce, the more subsidies you get," the
trade representative said. "So it's true that our system pays more to our
competitive farmers. It is also true that we are in discussions to find a
way to give subsidies more directly to people than to production."

A few weeks ago, the European Commission approved a blueprint from Farm
Commissioner Ray MacSharry that would cut beef and cereal prices and
provide more support to Europe's struggling farmers at the expense of its
less-needy producers.

Whether or not it was intended by the EC, the timing of Mr. MacSharry's
announcement days before the GATT trade negotiators were to sit down again
in Geneva was understood to be an olive branch from Europe. Mr. Pelletier
said the EC has been bandying about the overhaul of the CAP for about two
years.

France is troubled about the lot of its farmers, not only because of
their vocal and sometimes extreme demonstrations. According to Mr.
Pelletier, farm incomes have slipped 34 per cent in France since the
period between 1982 and 1984, partly because of declining food prices and
production quotas aimed at curbing surpluses.

Far more serious, however, is the exodus of French farmers from the
land. More than half of France's 1.5 million farmers are either over the
age of 50 or have no children willing to fill their boots on the farm.
Some younger farmers have become overburdened by debt.

"There is a problem keeping people on the land, mostly in disadvantaged
areas in the south," said Mr. Pelletier. "There are many old farmers, but
also young farmers who borrowed too much money to buy land and expensive
equipment and are in great economic difficulty."

The French government has lately had to contend with a rising problem
of bush fires on farmland left vacant.

The French will be mindful of these worries when they head back to the
GATT negotiating table. Although negotiators have lost hope that a deal
will be struck by the March 1 deadline imposed by the U.S. Congress, there
is still hope for future talks.

For his part, Mr. Pelletier still thinks there is ground for
compromise, and was heartened by conciliatory remarks from Canadian Trade
Minister John Crosbie following the end of the aborted talks last
December.

"I think the Canadians were in a good frame of mind after the
negotiations. They said 'okay, the talks failed, maybe we'll have to lower
our expectations. Maybe our expectations to dismantle CAP were too great.'
I think that's true, but I think there is still a way to compromise."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

A pledge to phase out subsidies for fossil fuels

BYLINE: JOHN SCHWARTZ

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1255 words

ABSTRACT

Government subsidies for conventional energy still dwarf spending on the fight
against climate change. Calls for reforms continue.

FULL TEXT

CORRECTION APPENDED

As representatives of nearly 200 countries gathered in Paris to discuss ways of
reducing emissions from fossil fuels, many pointed to what they consider a
simple and obvious way to change behavior: Stop widespread subsidies that
encourage the use of fossil fuels.

Industrialized nations agreed to start phasing the subsidies out after an
agreement at the Group of 20 summit meeting of the world's largest economies in
2009, and some progress has been made. The International Energy Agency said its
$490 billion estimate for worldwide fossil fuel subsidies in 2014 would have
been $610 billion if not for changes since that agreement.

But calls for greater cuts continue. The energy agency issued a statement last
month identifying the elimination of subsidies as one of the most effective
strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The subsidies are ''public
enemy No. 1 in terms of sustainable development,'' said Fatih Birol, executive
director of the agency.

On Monday, the first day of the climate conference, representatives of 35
governments and hundreds of businesses and organizations issued a call for
countries to take aggressive action to phase out fossil fuel subsidies.
Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change, said, ''The huge sums involved globally could be
better spent on schools, health care, renewable energies and building resilient
societies.''

In their simplest form, fossil fuel subsidies amount to government spending to
keep the price of fuel low for citizens. They are why gasoline in Venezuela
costs about 2 cents per gallon. The International Energy Agency estimates that
global subsidies total about $490 billion a year. Those direct subsidies are
found chiefly in the developing world and in oil-producing nations.

Industrialized countries like the United States are less likely to reduce the
cost of fuel at the pump with government money, but experts who track subsidies
say that America, too, finds ways to support fossil fuel use through tax breaks
and in backing for exploration and production. The Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development has counted 800 ways that rich industrial nations
use taxpayer money to support fossil fuel producers.

A new report from Oil Change International, an energy research and advocacy
group, estimates that aid to the coal, oil and natural gas industries came to
$452 billion last year. The group said the situation amounted to governments
''allowing fossil fuel producers to undermine national climate commitments,
while paying them for the privilege.''

''We have to stop using government funds to support the industry that is causing
the problem,'' said Stephen Kretzmann, executive director and founder of Oil
Change International. ''That would seem to be the low-hanging fruit of solving
climate change: When you're in a hole, stop digging. And yet we really haven't
made much progress.''

The International Monetary Fund has come up with a much higher estimate for the
global total of fossil fuel subsidies - $5.3 trillion, which includes the costs
of the effects of energy use on people's health, the environment and climate
change. That figure constitutes 6.9 percent of the global gross domestic
product.

Whatever the estimates, they stand in sharp contrast to the money being spent on
reducing the effects of climate change. Even the lowest subsidy estimates far
exceed the pledge by advanced industrialized nations to spend $100 billion a
year by 2020 to fight climate change.

A recent report from the Climate Policy Initiative, a nonprofit research and
policy organization funded by the financier George Soros, suggested that to keep
the global temperature from rising more than two degrees Celsius would require
about $1 trillion per year.

Bill Hare, chief executive of the nonprofit research and policy group Climate
Analytics, said taking action on direct subsidies could have a profound effect.
''Emissions could be reduced by up to 20 percent from what would otherwise occur
if you removed fossil fuel subsidies,'' he added.

Critics of subsidies say their greatest benefits go to the middle class and the
rich, who can better afford cars.

By keeping conventional fuels at low prices, subsidies also make alternative
energy sources less affordable in comparison. The International Energy Agency's
2014 World Energy Outlook report warned, ''Fossil fuel subsidies rig the game
against renewables and act as a drag on the transition to a more sustainable
energy system.''

The issue can be overwhelming. The science is complicated. We get it. This is
your cheat sheet.

That report noted that some countries spent a greater share of their gross
domestic product on fossil fuel subsidies than on health or education.

Going into the Paris climate talks, China, Ethiopia, India, Mexico, Morocco,
Singapore and Vietnam had committed to addressing subsidies, Mr. Kretzmann said.
''Governments have a lot of incentive and opportunity to eliminate those now,
with oil prices so low,'' he added.

And as prices have dropped, subsidies have been reduced in many countries,
including India, Indonesia, Mexico and the United Arab Emirates, said Dr. Hare
of Climate Analytics.

While attempts to cut subsidies have led to social unrest, more recent efforts,
including a gradual phaseout to soften the blow, have enjoyed quiet success.

But previous efforts have often been abandoned when global fuel prices rise and
consumers are pinched. ''If you look at the history of fuel subsidy reform, it
doesn't always stick,'' said Michael L. Ross, a professor of political science
at the University of California, Los Angeles, who studies energy subsidies.

A study from the Carbon Tracker Initiative, the Institute for Energy Economics
and Financial Analysis and other groups suggested that eliminating production
subsidies for the Powder River Basin coal region in Wyoming and Montana alone
would raise the price of that coal enough to reduce demand for it by 30 percent
in the long term, which the study estimates would equal the emissions from as
many as 32 coal-burning plants.

Michael A. Levi, an energy expert with the Council on Foreign Relations, said
that fuel subsidies were an inefficient way to help the poor, anyway. However,
he noted that better ways were not necessarily available. Giving money directly
to the poor to make up for the lost fuel savings would require a banking and
credit infrastructure that often cannot be found in the developing world.

''You shouldn't want to solve these countries' fiscal problems on the backs of
their weakest citizens,'' Mr. Levi said.

In the United States, a longstanding coalition of environmentalists and
libertarians has sought to eliminate tax breaks and policies that support the
fossil fuel industry. Eli Lehrer, the co-founder of the R Street Institute, a
free-market think tank in Washington, said the oil industry did not need many of
the tax breaks it received.

''I doubt that eliminating the intangible drilling cost write-off would reduce
oil production at all,'' he said.

CORRECTION:

As published in the International New York Times

An article on Dec. 7 about global fossil fuel subsidies misstated the amount of
gasoline that sells for 2 cents in Venezuela. That is the cost per liter, not
per gallon. The error was repeated in an accompanying picture caption.

Wednesday, December 16, 2015

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           February 9, 1999, Tuesday

Few free traders in Congress

BYLINE: BY DANIEL T. GRISWOLD

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 848 words


Supporters of free trade - trade that is free of market-distorting barriers and
subsidies - are hard to find in Washington.

Even President Clinton, considered a champion of the cause, couldn't talk about
reducing barriers in his recent State of the Union message without on the same
page praising the International Monetary Fund and calling for more export
subsidies. Meanwhile, Congress is weighing quotas against imported steel and
dragging its feet on fast-track trade authority.

A new study by the Cato Institute found that more than 90 percent of senators
and representatives tended to favor trade restrictions or trade subsidies, or
both, in their votes in the 105th Congress that ended in December.

Only 25 House members and 12 Senate members voted a majority of the time on
major votes to reduce trade barriers and cut international economic subsidies.

The study examined congressional votes in 1997 and 1998 on 15 major bills
affecting international economic subsidies and the freedom to trade. Among the
major issues were fast-track trade authority; extension of normal trade
relations with China; trade sanctions; quotas on low-priced steel imports;
funding for the IMF, the Export-Import Bank, the Overseas Private Investment
Corp.; and other subsidies for international trade and investment.

Members were labeled free traders if they opposed both trade barriers and
subsidies on a majority of major votes cast; internationalists if they opposed
trade barriers and supported subsidies; isolationists if they supported trade
barriers and opposed subsidies; and interventionists if they supported trade
barriers and supported subsidies.

President Clinton represents the internationalist approach, favoring U.S.
leadership through a policy mix of fast-track-negotiated trade agreements and
taxpayer funding of the IMF and Ex-Im Bank.

Pundit and GOP presidential candidate Pat Buchanan speaks for the isolationists,
denouncing the IMF and free trade alike with equally thunderous rhetoric.

And top House Democrat Richard Gephardt, D-Mo., is consistently interventionist,
opposing efforts to reduce trade barriers while supporting subsidies such as the
IMF and the Ex-Im Bank.

Few are the members who understand that free trade is about more than getting
rid of tariffs, quotas and sanctions. It also means opposing trade and
investment subsidies channeled through such agencies as the IMF, the Ex- Im Bank
and OPIC.

Americans pay out of both pockets for congressional intervention.

First, trade barriers erected by Congress cost Americans an estimated $70
billion a year by raising prices and reducing competition.

Second, Americans pay for international economic subsidies through higher taxes
and distortions in the market.

In the U.S. Senate, only a dozen members voted a majority of the time against
trade barriers and against subsidies. Sen. Wayne Allard, R-Colo., was the only
senator to vote against trade barriers and subsidies on all six major Senate
bills affecting U.S. international economic relations.

Joining Mr. Allard in supporting free trade were two Democrats and nine other
Republicans: Spencer Abraham, R-Mich.; Sam Brownback, R-Kan.; Richard Bryan,
D-Nev.; Dan Coats, R-Ind.; Paul Coverdell, R-Ga.; Rod Grams, R-Minn.; Judd
Gregg, R-N.H.; Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Tex.; Herbert Kohl, D-Wis.; John McCain,
R-Ariz.; and Don Nickles, R-Okla.

In the House, the leading opponents of trade barriers and subsidies were Reps.
Philip Crane, R-Ill.; Tom Campbell, R-Calif.; J. D. Hayworth, R-Ariz.; Mark
Sanford, R-S.C.; and John Shadegg, R-Ariz. Other prominent free traders were
House Speaker Dennis Hastert, R-Ill.; Majority Leader Richard Armey, R- Tex.;
James Rogan, R-Calif.; David McIntosh, R-Ind.; and Steve Largent, R- Okla.

In the opposite corner were 17 House members (four Republicans and 13 Democrats)
and two senators who voted a straight interventionist line, favoring trade
barriers and subsidies at every opportunity.

The leading interventionists in the Senate were Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, and Carl
Levin, D-Mich.

Overall, 58 percent of House members voted as interventionists, supporting trade
barriers and international economic subsidies on a majority of votes (with
Democrats outnumbering Republicans 2 to 1); 11 percent voted as isolationists
(with Republicans outnumbering Democrats 4 to 1); and 25 percent voted as
internationalists (with Republicans again predominating 4 to 1).

Only 6 percent of House members (all of them Republicans) voted consistently in
favor of free trade without the distortion of barriers and subsidies.

By redefining what it means to be a free trader, the Cato study demonstrates
that members of Congress do not need to choose between the anti- trade
isolationism of Pat Buchanan and the pro-subsidy internationalism of President
Clinton.

They can vote in the 106th Congress for a coherent program to liberalize trade
and eliminate subsidies - that is, to let Americans enjoy the freedom and
prosperity of a seamless free market undistorted by government intervention.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Crude comfort for subsidy

BYLINE: R. Suryamurthy

LENGTH: 373  words


New Delhi, Feb. 28: The sharp fall in global crude prices has helped the
government to cut the subsidy bill on petroleum, fertiliser and food by over 10
per cent to Rs 2.27 lakh crore in 2015-16. And the government plans to
rationalise the subsidy and improve the delivery mechanism by expanding its
direct benefit transfer scheme.

The subsidy bill on food, petroleum and fertilisers is estimated at Rs
227,387.56 crore for 2015-16, according to the budget proposals presented by the
finance minister in Parliament. The bill was Rs 253,913.12 crore for 2014-15
(revised estimates).

"We need to cut subsidy leakages, not subsidies themselves. We are committed to
the process of rationalising subsidies," finance minister Arun Jaitley
presenting the Union Budget for 2015-16 in Parliament said.

With both automotive fuels petrol and diesel out of the subsidy net, only
domestic fuels LPG and kerosene continue to remain subsidised. With fertiliser
subsidies remaining at the same level and those for food increasing, the dip in
overall subsidy figure has therefore largely been driven by the fall in oil
prices.

The global prices have now come down to around $60 a barrel from a peak above
$115 in June last year as increasing US shale oil output helped create a glut
amid sluggish global demand growth. They are expected to average around $70 a
barrel in the next fiscal year.

The government has earmarked Rs 124,419 crore for food subsidy in the next
fiscal as against Rs 122,675.81 crore in the revised estimate of current fiscal.
Of the total food subsidy, nearly Rs 65,000 crore is for implementation of the
National Food Security Act (NFSA).

The fertiliser subsidy has been pegged at Rs 72,968.56 crore for the next
fiscal, higher than Rs 70,967.31 crore estimated for this year.

In fertiliser subsidy, the government has allocated Rs 38,200 crore for domestic
urea and Rs 12,300 crore for imported urea. The remaining Rs 22,468.56 crore has
been earmarked for the sale of decontrolled P&K fertilisers.

The petroleum subsidy has been halved to Rs 30,000 crore for 2015-16 from
estimated Rs 60,270 crore in the current fiscal. Of Rs 30,000 crore for next
fiscal, Rs 22,000 crore has been earmarked for LPG subsidy and the rest is for
kerosene.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

Iran calls on people to give up cash subsidies

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 383 words


Feb. 25--Iran's Ministry of Economy will distribute special forms as of next
week to identify people who voluntarily give up receipt of cash subsidies, ISNA
reported on February 25.

Economy minister Ali Tayyebnia said cash subsidies will be paid next year only
to the needy families. So, special self-declaration forms will be distributed
among the people to announce whether they are eligible to receive cash subsidies
, he added.

The next Iranian calendar year will start on March 21, 2014.

The Iranian government implemented the first stage of the subsidy reform plan
towards the end of 2010 in an attempt to wean the country off food and fuel
subsidies. At the time, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad called it the 'biggest
economic plan of the past 50 years'.

The plan allows the government to gradually slash subsidies on fuel, electricity
and certain goods over the course of five years, with low-income families being
compensated with direct cash hand-outs.

The subsidy reform plan pays 45,500 rials (about $18) to Iranians, eliminating
subsidies for fuels and some commodities.

The Iranian parliament (Majlis) approved the government implementing the second
phase of the subsidy reform plan at the beginning of the second quarter of the
next Iranian calendar year, Iran's IRNA News Agency reported on February 4.

Mohsen Bahrami Arzi, an advisor to the vice president for executive affairs,
said on January 28 that the government expects 30 per cent of Iranian families
to give up receiving cash subsidies.

"Currently the number of people who receive them is even more than the country's
population," he said.

"Many have migrated to foreign countries, but they still receive cash subsidies,
some have two or more ID cards and some are foreign nationals," Bahrami Arzi
explained.

President Rouhani's Chief of Staff Mohammad Nahavandian, said in November that
the Iranian administration is not going to cut the cash subsidies of rich
families since identifying such families is a breach of their privacy.

This is while the budget and planning committee of the Iranian parliament
(Majlis) on October 20, 2013, approved stopping 30 percent of cash subsidy
payments.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140225-1AZ-Iran-calls-on-people-to-give-up-cash-subsidies
-0225-20140225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            December 23, 2011 Friday

What FG Must Do Before Subsidy Removal

LENGTH: 2055 words

DATELINE: Lagos


GIVEN the heated debates that have characterised the Federal Government's
planned removal of fuel subsidy beginning from next year, there were
intellectual fireworks at yesterday's Town Hall meeting organsied by the
Newspapers Proprietors Association of Nigeria (NPAN), on the issue.

The Agip Recital Hall of the MUSON Centre, Onikan Lagos was literarily lit up
with socio-economic, intellectual and ideological reasons why or not subsidy
must be removed and why implementation date should be postponed when a
high-powered Federal Government team led by Co-ordinating Minister of the
Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala squared up against a
Labour and Civil Society Organisation (CSO) team anchored by Nigeria Labour
Congress (NLC) Vice President, Comrade Isa Aremu.

Moderated by the Publisher of Thisday Newspapers, Mr Nduka Obaigbena with
leading media practitioners such as Nosa Igiebor, Frank Aigbogun, Mohammed
Haruna and John Momoh as panellists, the government team, which also had Central
Bank of Nigeria (CBN) Governor, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi and Petroleum Minister, Mrs
Diezani Allison-Madueke, kick-started the debate with details on why the
government could no longer afford fuel subsidy and pleaded with Nigerians for
understanding to save the country.

Constitutional lawyer and rights activist, Mr Olisa Agbakoba (SAN) began the
Labour and CSO counter, which also had activist lawyer, Mr Femi Falana, media
guru, Mr Ben Murray-Bruce and Trade Union Congress (TUC) President, Mr. Peter
Esele. Noting that conceptually, nothing was wrong with fuel subsidy removal,
Agbakoba wondered why the government was in a hurry to implement the policy with
little or nothing on ground and whether the policy could not wait for 12 months.

As speaker after speaker marshaled their points, the hall was obviously divided
into: Those for subsidy removal and others for oil subsidy retention. Each
salient point made by contributors was accompanied by cheers or jeers from the
audience.

Making a case for subsidy removal, Okonjo-Iweala, urged the citizenry not to
despair and trust their government to deliver this time in spite of past broken
promises, saying the policy will bring about a significant reduction in
government borrowing and save the country N1.12 trillion, next year.

If retained, she disclosed the government would borrow heavily to fund subsidy
and recurrent budget next year.

According to her, N3.7 trillion was used to fund fuel subsidy between 2006 and
2011 and N1.348 trillion between January and October, 2011, which she said
amounted to 30 per cent of total budget, 118 per cent of Capital project and
4.18 per cent of GDP.

The minister also cited cost of fuel in other oil producing and non-oil
producing countries, saying that with the exception of Algeria and Libya, the
country's fuel price was the cheapest in Africa.

She said: "Last year, we borrowed about N852 billion to finance the deficit in
the budget. In 2012, we will be forced to borrow about N1.12 trillion, almost
the total of our capital budget. It is not healthy that we should be borrowing
money for capital and recurrent expenditure," she said.

She said that in order to assure Nigerians that the funds saved from subsidy
removal would be judiciously utilized, the government was setting up a programme
and a committee of credible and eminent Nigerians that will bring about
transparency in the management of the resources and effective implementation of
designated projects.

"The major issue is the lack of trust. Under the leadership of the Vice
President, a programme has been developed on how the resources are to be used,
in a way that every Nigerian can monitor and assess for themselves the way
government is utilizing the resources saved from fuel subsidy removal. The
government is setting up a committee comprising eminent Nigerians. This is to
demonstrate to Nigerians that the savings made will be used for the benefit of
all Nigerians and for the intended purposes.

The committee will oversee the fund and the programme. Instead of Nigerians
asking the president, this committee will tell Nigerians what the funds are
being used for and how the programme is being run."

People should give us the chance to build this country. We have to rebuild this
trust that has been broken and we have to rebuild it by starting with issues
that are difficult. We know this issue of fuel subsidy is a difficult one. We
need to prove a point, we need to help the poorest of the society to survive. We
are willing to work with Labour and everyone to move this country forward."

However, former President of the Nigeria Bar Association, NBA, Mr. Olisa
Agbakoba (SAN) maintained that for fuel subsidy to be removed, which he said
would place more burden on the shoulders of the citizenry, the Federal
government should show Nigerians the burden it would carry.

He said: "I have nothing against the removal of fuel subsidy. Conceptually,
there is nothing wrong with subsidy. But how can we ensure that subsidy removal
will benefit Nigerians. Why must we remove subsidy tomorrow? Why can't we say we
will remove it in a year's time? Some people have talked about government being
sanitized. When you want to put a burden on us, show us the one you are
carrying."

Speaking, the Petroluem minister, asked the likes of Agbakoba to give the
government chance to do something for them by supporting deregulation.

She said that clamour for fixing of refineries before the policy would kick-off
would not yield dividends because the government had been on the task in the
last 10 years without success. She also said new refineries could also not be
built because there was no return on investment.

However, the minister, who articulated other subsidies the government was
funding in the area of agriculture and on-going people-oriented projects, said
the government had invited the original builders of the nation's four refineries
to do the Turnaround Maintenance (TAM) and getting them working upto 90 per cent
capacity within 12 to 24 months.

On his part, Aremu berated the government for failing to dialogue with Nigerians
on the policy.

His words: "There is already a problem with this policy. Our fear is that the
planned removal of the fuel subsidy will not be a win-win situation for the
people. The challenge is that the drivers of this policy should make the
deregulation process a win-win situation for Nigerians because it is hard enough
that we are importing fuel, and it is even worse that the products cannot be
distributed across the country. The reality on ground is that Nigerians have not
known the market forces responsible for the declining economy."

"I believe that the Federal Government needs to dialogue with the people of
Nigeria because petroleum is an important product to be compared with other
sectors that have so far been deregulated.

We have been too ideological about the deregulation process and it is important
that we must be pragmatic about it. For me, there is nothing terribly wrong
about subsidy.

What labour is saying is that there is need for good governance. For me,
building more refineries is the major challenge for government. I think we need
to build on the ideas that have been generated here. Nigerians are desirous of
good governance. I want to add that all of us need to work together and the
Nigeria Labour Congress must be factored in all of government's policies."

Backing fuel subsidy removal, Sanusi said the country could not continue to fund
consumption instead of production and urged opponents of fuel subsidy removal to
channel their energy towards campaigning for increased local production of fuel.

He said: "People said we should subsidise. Yes, subsidy is good, but the
question we should be asking is if we should be subsidizing consumption or
production. Should we subsidise the poor or should we subsidise those who are
making illegal gains from the system? We always complain that government makes
promises and do not meet up with its promises. We have an opportunity every four
years to change that government.

"If the government removes this subsidy and it did not do anything tangible with
the funds, when the government later come for re-election, people have the
opportunity to assess if the government delivered on its promises and the people
have a chance to take their destiny into their own hands. That is why we must
strive to deepen and strengthen democracy.

He, however, noted subsidy removal would not address the issue of corruption,
inefficiency and bad governance, adding that if the subsidy was not removed, the
burden would be too much for the government.

In his contribution, TUC President, Comrade Peter Esele regretted that the
government had not implemented various reports of committees it set up on the
issue. He also lamented that the government failed to yield to their demand for
the refineries to be handed over to labour for management, which he said would
fix the refineries within six months.

He averred that the government could deal with the oil cartel, if it were
serious. "People talk about cabals, the cabals cannot survive if they do not
have people in government. The NNPC must be allowed to run like a multinational
company as observed in other parts of the world. If we do not see any action, we
will not support the removal of the oil subsidy."

Vehemently opposing the policy, Falana urged the government to do the needful
first, listen to "alternative suggestions" and allow for more time to engage
Nigerians before going ahead with the plan to remove fuel subsidy.

Falana said the country would not come to this cross road if the government had
implemented extant laws in the nation's statute books that would have dealt with
those holding the country to ransom.

He urged that the fuel cabal should be prosecuted because they had brought us to
where we were. "They have benefitted from the non-removal of subsidy because the
government has refused to implement all the necessary laws that would have
prevented them from ripping off Nigeria. Don't impose further punishment on
Nigerians. They cannot afford to pay for the corruption and inefficiency of
government," he said.

Former President of the NLC and Edo State Governor, Comrade Adams Oshiomhole
among others backed fuel subsidy removal but he said Nigerians must rise and
insist that the proceeds must be judiously utilised.

He also charged the government to deal with the cabal headlong.

His words: "The removal of the fuel subsidy does not address the issue of who
benefits from it or not. Who are those benefitting from the subsidy?

Those are the issues that must be addressed? We have not subsidized production
and therefore, there are no jobs being created. If jobs must be created, the
alternative is that oil must be subsidized. For me, we have subsidized the
production sector and with that, few people are helping themselves by feeding
fat at the nation's expense. Nigerians must commend the federal government for
not increasing the prices of crude oil despite the current oil prices. Every
other thing has changed except the oil sector."

For Publisher of Vanguard Newspapers, Mr Sam Amuka, the robust debates at the
meeting showed that subsidy removal was a matter of time as both sides appeared
agreed on the issue.

"It seems this has been the most worthy meeting. Both sides have benefitted. It
is clear to me that the removal of subsidy is a matter of time, when or how," he
said, noting that the government must get the citizenry to trust government by
reducing cost of governance, tackling corruption, reducing hardship and assuring
the people that the benefits would accrue from fuel subsidy savings.

Eminent Nigerians at the event chaired by Mallam Ismaila Isa include: Former
governor of Ogun State, Aremo Olusegun Osoba; Minister for Justice and
Attorney-General of the federation, Mr. Mohammed Adoke (SAN); Special adviser to
the President on Research, documentation and Strategy, Oronto Douglas; business
mogul, Alhaji Aliko Dangote; Mr Femi Otedola of Zenon Oil; Senator Babafemi
Ojudu, Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation,
NNPC, Engineer Austen Olusegun Oniwon. Others are Editor-in-Chief of TELL
magazine, Mr. Nosa Igiebor; Chairman of Channels television, Mr. John Momoh;
Alhaji Mohammed Haruna and Publisher of the Business Day, Frank Aigbogun.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Up to 80% subsidy on renewable energy for quake-hit families on cards

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, May 23 -- The government is giving up to 80 percent subsidy to
households in 14 quake-hit districts to purchase renewable energy technology.

The Subsidy Policy on Renewable Energy, which was recently endorsed by the
cabinet, envisages giving 80 percent subsidy to families who lost their house in
the earthquake. Subsidy will be provided particularly for installation of solar
electric system, installation of micro hydro plant and household bio gas plant.

In general, the government has been providing 30 to 50 percent subsidy on
purchase of renewable energy technology.

Micro-hydro projects of capacity up to 100 KW in quake-affected areas can enjoy
80 percent subsidy. However, such subsidy has been capped at Rs 400,000 per
kilowatt. Likewise, quake-hit household installing solar electric systems of up
to 20 watt will get subsidy of 75 percent or a maximum of Rs 8,000 maximum. Such
subsidy will be 70 percent, or a maximum amount of Rs 10,000 per household, for
installation of solar electric system of 21 to 50 watt capacity.

However, subsidies can be claimed only if solar electric systems are purchased
from suppliers recognized by Alternative Energy Promotion Center (AEPC).

Talking to Republica, Nawaraj Dhakal, director of AEPC, said that they will
finalize a guideline for implementation of the new policy within two weeks.

Likewise, the new policy envisages giving 20 percent subsidy on installation of
solar pumping system for drinking water. Similarly, quake-hit households will
get a minimum of 70 percent subsidy on installation of household bio gas plants.
But such subsidy has been capped at Rs 40,000 for plant of 4 cubic meters and Rs
45,000 for plant of 6 cubic meters in hilly areas.

Meanwhile, AEPC has started providing metallic improved cooking stoves to
quake-affected households free of cost. Only those quake-hit families having
identification cards issued by District Natural Disaster Relief Committee will
enjoy the facility, according to AEPC officials.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

In Haryana's poorest part, subsidies go to the dead & fake

BYLINE: Sandali Tiwari

LENGTH: 888  words

DATELINE: Mewat


Farmers Hatti, Ibrahim and Hurmat, of Dhana village in Haryana's Mewat district,
died several years ago - the first two in 2001; Hurmat in 2006. But according to
the Haryana Horticulture Department, they applied for - and received - subsidy
under the National Mission on Micro Irrigation (NMMI) in 2011.

"When we went to the district horticulture department office to claim subsidy in
2013, we were told that subsidy in my father's name had been released in 2011,"
Ibrahim's son Javed, also a farmer in Dhana, said.

"My father Ibrahim died in 2001 at the age of 75. The department claimed that he
received subsidy of 1.48 lakh," he said. Official records show Hatti "claimed"
the subsidy in 2011. But his nephew, Ali Mohammad, has a death certificate that
shows Hatti was long dead by then.

"We were told by the horticulture department that he had already claimed subsidy
, and the family was not eligible for it for the next five years," Ali Mohammad
said. In Dhana in Punhana tehsil, some 100 km south of Delhi in one of
poll-bound Haryana's most backward regions - with some of the worst social
indicators in the country - cases of the dead 'claiming' government subsidy
abound.

Documents accessed by The Indian Express show that more than 80 'beneficiaries'
of the NMMI scheme in the last two years had never applied for the subsidy.
Subsidies were released on the basis of forged voter IDs, many of which carried
the  same fake address.

The NMMI scheme, which  until 2010 was known as Micro Irrigation Scheme or MIS,
is intended to promote micro irrigation technology to improve water use
efficiency in agriculture, cut consumption of fertilisers and power, and to
improve both production and productivity. The Centre pays 40 per cent and states
10 per cent of the cost; the rest is borne by the beneficiary who gets a soft
loan.

The implementing agency is the state government, the money is transferred from
Centre to state, and disbursed to districts to finally reach beneficiary
farmers. Cheques are in the names of contractors who supply and install the
sprinklers. The scheme has been in operation in Haryana since 2006-07.

The state horticulture department says there may have been fraud, and the matter
is being investigated. "We did receive some complaints from Dhana village. We
carried out a preliminary inquiry in March and recommended the setting up of a
high-level committee," Ranbir Singh, deputy director of the horticulture
department, said.

Documents accessed under the Right to Information (RTI) Act by one of the
'beneficiaries' show fake documents were used to apply for the subsidy. A total
Rs 3.11 crore was released by the horticulture department for Dhana in the
2011-12 fiscal - the bulk of the subsidy coming between October 2011 and March
2012.

Usman Khan, 67, was shown as having received subsidy worth Rs 1.48 lakh. "I
never applied for any subsidy, but they showed me documents that showed
sprinklers had been installed in my field," Usman said.

Documents also show that subsidies were released not  only in Khan's name, but
also in the names of his brothers Alam and Suleman. The brothers together own
nine acres of land. "But according to the documents given to us by the district
horticulture department, subsidy has been given for 12.5 acres," Alam said.

62-year-old Rehmatbi, on applying for the subsidy, was told she had already got
her money. Her application form includes her voter ID card and signature. "I do
not have a voter ID card in Haryana and I can't sign my name," she said, showing
a voter ID from Rajasthan. "And the picture with the application is that of a
20-year-old girl."

Younus, a farmer from the same village, is shown as having received a subsidy of
Rs 1.22 lakh, even though he never applied for it. According to documents,
approximately Rs 2 crore was allotted to the contractor, Dihana Enterprises, in
2011-2012. Shamin Ahmed, owner of Dihana Enterprises, alleged that villagers of
Dhana had "plotted" against him.

"The cheques for the subsidies from the government have stopped, and all
contracts have been taken away from Dihana Enterprises until the investigation
is over," he said.

Most farmers who are supposed to have signed on the subsidy papers are, in fact,
illiterate. Photocopies of voter ID cards - an identification document used in
all the subsidy forms - of 25 farmers show the same address: House No. 41, Block
2, which does not exist. "Our village does not have blocks. So, there is no
question of a block number 2," said Ishaq, who lives in House No. 41.

The addresses on several voter ID cards say Dhana village is in "F P Jirkha" or
Firozpur Jirkha tehsil. Dhana is, in fact, a part of Punhana tehsil. The farmer
who filed the RTI application said, "There is something clearly wrong. The voter
ID cards look forged. In some applications, the serial number on the voter card
does not match with Punhana tehsil's serial number."

In other cases, the addresses in Hindi and English do not match. Usman's
application records his address in Hindi as House No. 29, Block No. 2. In
English, the address says House No. 41, Block No. 2.

Standing in his field, farmer Aas Mohammed said, "As you can see, there is no
sprinkler or irrigation equipment here. But according to the government, I have
availed of the subsidy already, and now cannot apply for the next five years."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                              May 16, 2014 Friday
                                 First Edition

Subsidies of $684 billion helped rack up government debt

BYLINE: Mark Milke

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 743 words


Ever wonder how Canada's net federal debt reached $671 billion by 2013? Or how
net provincial debt among the provinces ended up at $509 billion that same year?

Wonder no more. It's partially due to massive subsidies to corporations,
government businesses and even consumers that over three decades amounted to
$684 billion.

Statistics Canada once collected useful information about such taxpayer-funded
government subsidies. The subsidies include funding for corporations (think
selected automotive and aerospace companies), or Crown corporations like Via
Rail, or a government-owned ferry system to subsidize consumers' ferry rides.

Statistics Canada stopped tallying the numbers in 2009, but by looking at what
is available from 1981 (and adjusting for inflation to 2013 dollars to get
apple-to-apple comparisons), some useful statistics pop out.

The biggest subsidies came courtesy of Ottawa, with $343 billion spent on
private corporations, government businesses, and consumers in that almost-three
decade period.

Next up with a big subsidy bill were the provinces. Collectively, they spent
$287 billion between 1981 and 2009. Local governments were third with more than
$54 billion spent on subsidies in those three categories over almost three
decades.

Regrettably, Statistics Canada does not provide a breakdown for how much of the
$684 billion was spent (i.e. how much went to private businesses versus
government businesses versus consumers). That is unfortunate, as more details
here would allow Canadians to debate which types of subsidies are useful.

For example, it's one thing for a government to subsidize the electricity and
heating bills of low-income Canadians (a consumer subsidy); it's quite another
to subsidize private and government businesses.

Here is where other sources were more helpful in teasing out how governments
subsidize and where. For example, Alberta and Ontario spent a lot on subsidies
in the 1981-2009 period ($49.9 billion and $46.7 billion respectively).
According to provincial budget documents, a "chunk" of those figures reflect
provincially mandated subsidies from provincially owned utilities that help
lower consumer heating and electricity bills.

In other cases, such as in Alberta in the 1980s, subsidies to businesses were
substantial, as is evident from a review of provincial budget documents from the
period. However, by the late 1990s, annual spending on subsidies in Alberta
declined by more than 90 per cent when compared with the highest-spending years
in the early 1980s (from a high of $4.1 billion in 1983 to a low of $291 million
in 1996).

A similar decline in the 1990s took place in Ontario and appears driven by a
political promise. In the 1994 Common Sense Revolution party platform from the
then-opposition Progressive Conservatives, the party committed to reducing
business and other subsidies. Once in power, the Mike Harris government reduced
overall spending on subsidies to $475 million by 1999 from a decade high of $1.8
billion in 1991 under the previous government.

Then there is Quebec. According to my conversation with Statistics Canada
officials, its subsidies were driven mainly by transfers to corporations and
government-owned businesses (and not much to consumers). They were costly
transfers, at $115.5 billion between 1981 and 2009.

Again, using other sources to gain a glimpse of where some money went, and back
to the federal books using Industry Canada data, it turns out $3.3 billion went
to one company, Pratt & Whitney. And using Via Rail annual reports (as an
example of a government business), subsidies to that Crown corporation from the
federal government amounted to $4.5 billion.

But back to the "big data" from Statistics Canada. The subsidies were equivalent
to $3,268 per taxpayer - every person who paid income tax in 1984. The
lowest-cost year was 1998 when the equivalent cost per taxpayer was $797.

In the last available statistical year, the 2008/09 fiscal year (before the
massive bailout for General Motors and Chrysler kicked in), the equivalent cost
per taxpayer was $1,507.

While few would object to some government subsidies - say to low-income
consumers to heat their homes - others, such as subsidies to corporations, are
something less than prudent.

In the future, one hopes Statistics Canada returns to crunching some of these
numbers again, and in more detail. That would help the public, politicians, and
media better debate and prioritize government spending.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 21, 2014 Friday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Missouri, Illinois health insurance subsidies in jeopardy

BYLINE:  By Jordan Shapiro jshapiro@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8114

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 697 words


Thousands of people in Missouri and Illinois would lose a total of more than $2
billion in annual health insurance subsidies if the Supreme Court rules against
President Barack Obama's administration in a case next year.

The case has garnered national attention since the high court agreed to hear it
earlier this month. At issue is whether the government can award subsidies to
consumers who purchase health plans in a marketplace operated by the federal
government.

The court is expected hear arguments on the case in March and could issue a
ruling in June. That timing means the court's ruling likely won't affect
coverage until the 2016 enrollment cycle.

If the court were to rule against the administration, an analysis by the Robert
Wood Johnson Foundation estimates that 215,000 Missourians and 315,000
Illinoisans would lose their subsidies in 2016 because both states use federally
facilitated marketplaces. The subsidies for that year are projected to be worth
about $1 billion in Missouri and $1.4 billion in Illinois.

"It does not mean they couldn't keep their coverage, but it would be very
expensive for them," said Tim McBride, a health economist at Washington
University. "A lot of people would end up dropping their coverage, and it would
blow a big hole in the intention of the law."

Subsidies are central to the Affordable Care Act's goal of making coverage more
affordable for millions of Americans. About 85 percent of people enrolled in
marketplace plans received a subsidy for their health coverage.

Federal data show subsidies cover 76 percent of premiums on average for federal
exchange customers. Customers now pay about $82 on total monthly premiums that
average $346, meaning a federal subsidy of $264 a month makes up that
difference.

Cora Walker, a St. Louis University law professor, said that even if the court
struck down the subsidies the rest of the law would stand, including expanded
Medicaid eligibility that has insured almost 9 million people. But she said
losing the subsidies could create winners and losers.

"It's going to kind of create an even more fragmented health care system than we
had before the law was enacted," she said.

The Supreme Court will need to weigh whether the wording of the Affordable Care
Act limits subsidies to consumers in states who opted to set up their own
insurance exchanges. In 2014, only 16 states used their own marketplace.

Opponents of the subsidies point to a section of law that says they should be
awarded to those who bought a plan on an exchange established by the state.

The administration says Congress intended to make the subsidies available to all
customers regardless of where they live.

That position was criticized in a "friend of the court" brief filed by a
University of Missouri law professor urging the Supreme Court to take up the
subsidy challenge.

"It eliminates state officials' ability to decide whether they and their
citizens will participate in the Act's system of cooperative federalism, thus
undermining the democratic process in the States," said the brief co-written by
Josh Hawley, who was part of the legal team to represent Hobby Lobby in its
successful Supreme Court challenge against part of the health law.

Should the court decide the law's wording prevents subsidies in federal
marketplace states, then those states could create their own exchange - an
action that could allow the subsidies to continue to flow.

Illinois, whose exchange is currently run in partnership with the federal
government, is considering whether to create a state-based exchange in its
legislative session that started Wednesday.

Missouri subsidies would be in a more precarious position. A ballot measure was
passed in 2012 that prohibits the formation of an exchange without the approval
of the Legislature or voters.

The Republican-led Legislature has fought the implementation of the Affordable
Care Act and would be unlikely to relent any time soon.

"That 'we shouldn't do it because the voters don't want it' is probably the
political stance they would take," McBride said.

This report was prepared in collaboration with Kaiser Health News, an
editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday

US snubbed for fabricating 'hidden subsidies' issue

BYLINE: Amiti Sen

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE

LENGTH: 373 words


NEW DELHI: The government has rebuffed US' attempts to bring the Indian subsidy
programme under the scrutiny of the World Trade Organisation, saying the
"undisclosed subsidies" identified by Washington had either expired or were not
subsidies at all.

US trade representative Ron Kirk had in October accused India of hiding about 50
central and state government subsidy programmes from the world trade body in
violation of WTO's free trade rules. Terming the situation "intolerable", Kirk
had said that India filed its first notification in almost 10 years and, even
then, notified "only three of the many subsidy programmes we know to exist."
Kirk's office had also identified nearly 200 subsidy schemes in China that it
said have not been notified.

"Just because the US thinks it is a subsidy does not make it a subsidy,"
commerce secretary Rahul Khullar told ET. "The US has picked up schemes, such as
the Duty Entitlement Pass Book, where benefits have already expired. And there
are other programmes, such as advance licences and related schemes, where the
exporters are being reimbursed input taxes."

At a recent meeting of the committee on subsidies and countervailing measures,
the US had demanded that India should notify these schemes, besides phasing out
subsidies on textiles and apparel. Countervailing duties are levies imposed on
imports to counter the effects of subsidies given by an exporting country to its
industry.

Khullar, however, said India had no obligation to notify these schemes. "The US
understanding of the matter is very poor," he said, adding that India planned to
do nothing about the allegations as the US had not officially moved the WTO on
the issue.

Notifying export schemes as subsidies at WTO will give other countries an
opportunity to target India and levy countervailing duties on Indian
merchandise, said Ajay Sahai, director general & CEO of Federation of Indian
Export Organisations.

Most of the schemes identified by the US as subsidies are compatible with WTO
rules, Sahai said, adding that an exporter in India ends up paying more taxes
than what is reimbursed to him as the Centre does not compensate for state
levies such as octroi, electricity cess and sales tax.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

Agri societies on CM's turf get maximum subsidies, reveals RTI

BYLINE: Harpreet Bajwa

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


The state government has given maximum subsidies to the primary agriculture
cooperative societies (PACS) in Muktsar - the home district of Chief Minister
Parkash Singh Badal.

According to the information obtained under Right to Information (RTI) Act, the
Punjab State Farmers Commission has so far approved subsidy for 1,509 agro
service centres - including 270 individual farmers and 1,239 primary agriculture
cooperative societies. Subsidy has been released for 211 farmers and 861 primary
cooperative societies.

Thus, a total of 1,072 centres have secured the subsidy of Rs 34.74 crore.

In contrast, Barnala, Hoshiarpur, Moga and Tarantarn districts have drawn a
blank as far as sanction and release of subsidies to individual farmers are
concerned. They have, however, faired better in regard to PACS.

A study of the list of beneficiaries throws up interesting facts. In Chief
Minister Parkash Singh Badal's home district of Muktsar, 79 individual farmers
and 40 PACS were sanctioned subsidy. Out of this, subsidy has been released to
53 individual farmers and 35 PACS - representing one of the highest sanction
when compared to the release ratio.

Another beneficiary under the scheme is Parkash Singh - son of agriculture
minister Sucha Singh Langah. Parkash got subsidy from his father in his home
district of Gurdaspur.

He was given a subsidy of Rs 3.30 lakh for the purchase of necessary agriculture
implements. Sources said that around 9 acres of land was transferred on Parkash
Singh's name so that he can be eligible for the subsidy.

As per rules under the scheme, a framer who has less than 10 acres of land was
eligible to apply for subsidy.

When contacted, Sucha Singh Langah said: "My department does not give subsidy,
Punjab State Farmers Commission does. The chairman of the commission, G S
Kalkat, and its secretary, B S Sidhu, decide on the matter. They give subsidy to
those farmers who meet all norms."'

Asked about Parkash, he said: "Yes, my son has got the subsidy, as he fulfilled
all the criteria laid down. Nothing wrong in it. He is a farmer by profession
and not employed anywhere else, so there has been no violation of any norms."

Interestingly, Sidhu is also the director of the agriculture department, under
which the commission falls.

The Scheme

According to the RTI reply, the programme is designed to solve some of the
serious problems being faced by the state's farmers - declining underground
water level, a decrease in soil fertility, crop productivity, agriculture income
and cost of agriculture inputs.

With this end in view, the programme envisages the purchase of laser land
leveler, sugarcane sowing through trenches and dry sowing of paddy. It is also
designed to discourage the widespread practice of burning wheat stalks, which
reduces soil fertility. All this requires specialised machinery, which can sow
wheat even when paddy stalks have not been removed from the fields. These
machines are expensive - while a laser land leveler costs Rs 3 lakhs, bed
planter for dry sowing of paddy costs about Rs 55,000 and happy seeder, which is
needed to prevent burning of agriculture waste, is priced at around Rs 1.15
lakh.

These machines are used for just one or two weeks every season. The farmers,
therefore, are reluctant to invest in these. To overcome these difficulties and
to encourage farmers to take to modern farming techniques, the state government
decided to set up agriculture service centres. Here, the machinery is being
procured for agriculture centres from where farmers can hire them. With this end
in view, the government had invited applications. The potential beneficiaries
were selected by district level committees headed by respective deputy
commissioners and included chief agriculture officers of the concerned district,
deputy director horticulture and deputy registrar cooperatives.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 1994 University of Texas at Austin School of
                             Law Publications, Inc.
                        Texas International Law Journal

                                  SPRING, 1994

                             29 Tex. Int'l L.J. 211

LENGTH: 12032 words

ARTICLE: THE MONTREAL PROTOCOL'S ENVIRONMENTAL SUBSIDIES AND GATT: A NEEDED
RECONCILIATION

NAME: Scott N. Carlson *

BIO:



   * B.A., 1985, University of Alabama, Birmingham; J.D., cum laude, 1989,
University of Georgia; L.L.M. candidate, 1994, Georgetown University.  The
author is a Senior Attorney with the Office of Chief Counsel, Internal Revenue
Service, Washington, D.C.  The views expressed herein are solely those of the
author.

 TEXT:
 [*212]  I. INTRODUCTION

   It seems that every day brings news of a new environmental crisis.  n1
Perhaps even more troubling is the fact that some of these crises are not really
new at all.  n2 Unfortunately, while many of the challenges to the environment
have been identified for years, they have eluded effective solutions.  In the
words of Mostafa K. Tolba, the Executive Director of the United Nations
Environment Program (UNEP), "The problems that overwhelm us today are precisely
those we failed to solve decades ago."  n3

   Particularly challenging are those environmental problems that know no
national boundaries -- those problems that threaten our "global commons".  They
endanger the air we breathe, the water we drink, and the food we eat.  Because
they are not the province of a single sovereign, they present a problem which
cannot be solved unilaterally.  Instead, they require effective global
cooperation.

   Recently, the global community has come together in an unprecedented fashion
to take concrete steps to address some of the most pressing threats to the
global commons.  One notable example is the international effort to protect the
ozone layer.  With the conclusion of the Montreal Protocol on Substances That
Deplete the Ozone Layer (Montreal Protocol),  n4 the nations of the world
embarked on a serious multinational effort to eliminate the use of
ozone-depleting chemicals.

   While there is currently little doubt about the need to stem the use of
chemicals which harm the ozone layer,  n5 there remains substantial concern that
some of the Protocol provisions may conflict with international trade laws.  n6
Like many of the threats to the global commons, ozone-depleting chemicals are an
integral part of mankind's commercial life.  They are manufactured and
distributed throughout the globe for a variety of purposes from refrigeration to
electronics manufacturing.  n7 Thus, any reduction in their use inevitably
affects world trade.  The linkage between environmental degradation and
international trade is not remarkable, but what concerns many people, especially
[*213]  international trade specialists, is that the Protocol employs measures
that may be inconsistent with long-established rules of international trade.  n8

   The current international trade system is embodied in the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).  n9 The term GATT refers to the General Agreement
itself, as well as related agreements and annexes.  n10 In addition, GATT refers
to an institutional framework for facilitating international trade.  As
evidenced by the continuing GATT Rounds,  n11 GATT is a fluid and evolving
framework.  The basic impetus for GATT, as stated in the preamble to the General
Agreement, is to structure international trade "with a view to raising standards
of living, ensuring full employment and a large steadily growing volume of real
income and effective demand, developing full use of the resources of the world
and expanding the production and exchange of goods."  n12 The preamble concludes
that GATT may foster these goals by establishing a reciprocal arrangement that
both reduces tariffs and "other barriers to trade" and "eliminate[s]
discriminatory treatment in international commerce."  n13

   The elimination of trade barriers and the protection of the global commons
are both laudable goals.  The challenge to the international community is how to
coordinate the pursuit of these goals in a way that does not sacrifice one at
the expense of the other.  Recent studies of the Montreal Protocol that identify
potential conflicts with GATT demonstrate that the effective coordination of
trade and environmental concerns is a pressing issue, deserving of immediate
attention.  n14

   International environmental subsidies provide one potential point of
conflict.  The Montreal Protocol establishes a Multilateral Fund to provide
subsidies to developing countries to assist them in complying with the Protocol.
n15 GATT, on the other hand, seeks to eliminate the use of most subsidies as
undesirable barriers to trade.  n16 Some scholars who have considered the status
of the Multilateral Fund's subsidies under GATT have concluded that the Fund's
subsidies may in fact conflict with GATT.  n17 This possible conflict raises
questions about the Protocol's ability to achieve its objectives.  If the Fund
is challenged by GATT provisions, its effectiveness may be compromised.  n18 The
developing countries that rely on the Fund may in turn be unable to fulfill
their Protocol obligations.  n19 This would not only harm the global effort to
protect the ozone layer, it  [*214]  would have serious implications for the
development of international environmental law generally.  n20

   This Article examines the Montreal Protocol's use of subsidies from the
perspective of international trade law and international environmental law.
Section II describes the Montreal Protocol's use of environmental subsidies and
evaluates its consistency with current GATT rules and those rules proposed in
the Uruguay Round.  Section III considers the Protocol's use of environmental
subsidies in light of several emerging principles of international environmental
law.  On the basis of these analyses, section IV concludes with some
observations on the importance of coordinating GATT rules with Fund subsidies.

   II. THE MONTREAL PROTOCOL'S ENVIRONMENTAL SUBSIDIES AND GATT

A. The Montreal Protocol

   The Montreal Protocol was designed to take affirmative action to protect the
ozone layer.  n21 The ozone layer refers to the concentration of ozone found in
the earth's stratosphere that shields the earth from harmful solar radiation.
n22 Reductions in the ozone layer increase the amount of ultraviolet radiation
that reaches the earth's surface, and these increases can have various harmful
effects -- from damaging crops to impairing the human immune system.  n23

   In the preamble, the parties to the Protocol affirm that they are
"[d]etermined to protect the ozone layer by taking precautionary measures to
control equitably total global emissions of substances that deplete it.  . . ."
n24 The ultimate objective is to eliminate ozone-depleting substances "on the
basis of developments in scientific knowledge, taking into account technical and
economic considerations."  n25 The Protocol acknowledges "that special provision
is required to meet the needs of developing countries."  n26 To further these
goals, the Protocol requires the parties to phase out the consumption and
production of "controlled substances" listed in the accompanying Annex A by the
year 2000.  n27 These  [*215]  controlled substances are chlorofluorocarbons
(CFCs) and halons which, if introduced into the atmosphere, will deplete the
ozone layer.  n28

   While the Protocol establishes a uniform phaseout schedule for developed
countries,  n29 it also provides an exception for developing countries.  n30 To
meet "basic domestic needs," a developing country may delay phasing out
controlled substances for up to ten years.  n31 In addition, the Protocol
specifically recognizes that developing countries will depend upon the transfer
of financial and technological assistance to comply with the phaseout schedule.
n32

   The Protocol established the Montreal Protocol Interim Multilateral Fund to
facilitate this transfer.  n33 The 1993 budget provided $ 113 million, and it is
estimated that funding for 1994-95 will be between $ 340 and $ 500 million.  n34
The specific project proposals are reviewed and authorized by the United Nations
Environment Program (UNEP), the World Bank, and the United Nations Development
Program (UNDP).  n35

   On November 25, 1992, environmental officials from more than eighty countries
met in Copenhagen, Denmark and agreed to convert the Interim Multilateral Fund
into the permanent Montreal Multilateral Fund.  n36 In addition, the Copenhagen
agreement provides for an accelerated phaseout schedule for CFCs, moving the
basic deadline from the original goal of the year 2000 to 1995.  n37 Prior to
the meeting in Copenhagen, developing countries expressed concern about the
accelerated phaseout schedule.  n38 Even with the Fund, they argued that their
economic circumstances prevented them from complying with an accelerated
phaseout schedule.  n39

B. GATT, Subsidies, and Developing Countries

   As noted above, GATT refers to a variety of agreements.  n40 An analysis of
GATT's treatment of subsidies thus requires consideration of several agreements
and a host of provisions.  The subsections that follow discuss the basic
provisions that are relevant to the treatment of subsidies in developing
countries.

    [*216]  1. The General Agreement Provisions on Subsidies

   Article XVI, section A, of the General Agreement was the original provision
to address the issue of subsidies.  n41 Section A is concerned with subsidies
that "operate directly or indirectly to increase exports of any product from, or
to reduce imports of any product into, its territory . . ."  n42 If a state
grants this type of subsidy, the state is obligated to notify the other
contracting parties.  n43 Furthermore, if it is determined that this subsidy may
prejudice the interest of another contracting party then the subsidizing state
is obligated to enter into negotiations about limiting this subsidy at the
request of an affected party.  n44

   In 1955, article XVI was amended, and section B was added.  n45 Section B,
paragraph 4, provides that "from 1 January 1958 or the earliest practicable date
thereafter, contracting parties shall cease to grant either directly or
indirectly any form of subsidy on the export of any product other than a primary
product . . . ."  n46 The explanatory note states that a primary product is
"understood to be any product of farm, forest or fishery, or any mineral, in its
natural form or which has undergone such processing as is customarily required
to prepare it for marketing in a substantial volume in international trade."
n47 In 1960, section B, paragraph 4, was brought into effect through a
declaration by some of the contracting parties.  n48 While the major developed
countries signed the declaration,  n49 the developing countries have not
subscribed to it.  n50

   Since the developing countries are not signatories to section B, they are not
specifically forbidden from using subsidies.  n51 Rather, article XVI obligates
them to engage in ongoing negotiations to limit their use of subsidies.  n52
Though GATT does not forbid developing countries from using subsidies, a
developing country that chooses to do so may be subject to countervailing duties
(CVDs).  n53 Article VI permits parties to assess CVDs to offset the benefits
obtained from certain countervailable subsidies.  n54 Countervailable subsidies
are  [*217]  those that injure, or threaten to injure, the domestic industry of
another country.  n55 Prior to the levy of a duty, the importing country
generally must find that the "subsidization . . . is such as to cause or
threaten material injury to an established domestic industry, or is such as to
retard materially the establishment of a domestic industry."  n56 Once this
determination is made, the importing country may impose a CVD.  n57

   2. The Agreement on Interpretation and Application of Articles VI, XVI, and
XXIII of the General Agreement (The Subsidies Code)

   Over the years, GATT contracting parties determined that the provisions of
the General Agreement did not adequately define the treatment of subsidies.  n58
To avoid the proliferation of disputes, the contracting parties decided it was
necessary to further define the proper treatment of subsidies.  n59 In the 1979
Tokyo Round, the contracting parties developed the Subsidies Code in an attempt
to address this concern.  n60

   The Subsidies Code only specifically forbids export subsidies on non-primary
products.  n61 Primary products for purposes of the Code are defined as in the
General Agreement, with one exception: the Code definition does not include
minerals.  n62 The Code specifically permits the use of domestic subsidies,
acknowledging the important role they play in economic and social development.
n63 Furthermore, the Code contains special provisions that permit developing
countries to use export subsidies as long as they do not "cause serious
prejudice to the trade or production of another signatory."  n64 Nevertheless,
[*218]  as in the case of the General Agreement, if a Code signatory's industry
is in fact injured by a subsidy, then the signatory may impose a CVD regardless
of the type of subsidy.  n65

   While developed countries have subscribed to the Code, developing countries
have almost uniformly declined to do so.  n66 As in the case of article XVI,
section B, of the General Agreement,  n67 developing countries have been
reluctant to bind themselves to additional limitations on the use of subsidies.

   3. The Uruguay Round and the Dunkel Draft: An Attempt to Further Define
Subsidies

   The Subsidies Code did not resolve the question of subsidies.  Additionally,
the Code has proven difficult to interpret and administer,  n68 and it has only
been subscribed to by a fraction of GATT contracting parties.  n69 As a result,
when the Uruguay Round commenced, the contracting parties once again engaged in
negotiations to reach an agreement on the proper treatment of subsidies.  n70

   The uncertainties that plagued the application of the subsidies provisions
led to new negotiations at the Uruguay Round to further attempt to define the
term subsidy.  n71 The interim results of the negotiations were detailed in a
draft proposal known as the Dunkel Draft.  n72 The Dunkel Draft outlines three
categories of subsidies: (1) prohibited subsidies -- those that are based upon
export performance or the use of domestic goods, as opposed to imports;  n73 (2)
actionable subsidies -- those that are injurious to the domestic industry of a
signatory, nullify or impair a signatory's GATT benefits, or result in "serious
[*219]  prejudice" to the interests of a GATT signatory;  n74 (3) permitted
subsidies -- those that are designated for research and development or for a
disadvantaged region.  n75

   To be an "actionable subsidy," the subsidy must be "specific" within the
meaning of article 2.  n76 The specificity of a subsidy determines whether it is
generally available, as opposed to targeted at a "specific" industry.  n77
Article 2 provides that both de jure specific  n78 and de facto specific
subsidies  n79 are actionable.

   The Dunkel Draft contains some special provisions regarding developing
countries.  Certain "least developed countries" are exempt from the prohibition
on export subsidies altogether, while other developing countries are given eight
years to phase out these subsidies.  n80 A de minimis exception for small
subsidies is also provided for actionable subsidies.  n81

    [*220]  In addition, the parties to the Uruguay negotiations grappled with
the issue of environmental subsidies.  n82 Specifically, the parties tabled the
suggestion that environmental subsidies should be categorized as "permitted
subsidies" in the Dunkel Draft.  n83 However, the United States objected
strongly, arguing that to do so would create a large loophole in the subsidies
provisions.  n84 As a result, the proposed suggestion was rejected.  n85 In the
Dunkel Draft, the only environmental subsidies specifically permitted are
agricultural subsidies that are "part of a clearly-defined government
environmental or conservation programme . . . ."  n86

C. The Protocol's Environmental Subsidies and GATT's Treatment of Subsidies:
Reconciling the Two

   GATT's predisposition against the use of subsidies raises questions about the
status of subsidies that are employed for environmental protection and whether
these conflict with GATT.  n87 Professors Robert Housman and Durwood Zaelke
contend that the Montreal Multilateral Fund's payment of grants to developing
countries could conflict with GATT:


     These special provisions for developing countries could run afoul of
     certain GATT obligations, especially in view of the Uruguay Round
     emphasis on eliminating preferences to developing countries.  For
     example, a developing nation receiving financial assistance from the
     Multilateral Fund and then passing it on to its industries to purchase
     'clean' technologies could be in violation of GATT's provisions
     against subsidies.  n88

   However, the review of GATT subsidy provisions in the prior subsection
reveals that developing countries have declined to adhere to the most strenuous
limitations on subsidies enumerated in the Subsidies Code and article XVI,
section B, of the General Agreement.  n89 As a whole, the developing countries
have only committed themselves to negotiating the issue of subsidies under GATT
article XVI, section A.  n90 Therefore, contrary to the suggestion of Professors
Housman and Zaelke, it is unlikely that the Fund subsidies will actually violate
GATT provisions which restrict the use of subsidies.

   Nevertheless, Montreal Fund subsidies could encounter difficulties under GATT
provisions, as the following hypothetical illustrates.  Assume that country X is
a developing  [*221]  nation that receives a large grant from the Fund.
Subsequently, the grant is disbursed to several of X's industries, some of which
export their products.  Assume further that the subsidy is not contingent on
exports and is a permissible domestic subsidy under the Subsidies Code.  n91 On
these facts, country Y might contend that this disbursement constituted a
subsidy that threatened its competing industries that employ ozone-safe
technology.  n92 Thus, Y might request that X enter negotiations to limit this
subsidy pursuant to article XVI of GATT.  n93 If X refused, or if X failed to
agree with Y on acceptable limits, Y might then institute a CVD action pursuant
to article VI.  n94 If Y finds that the subsidy "cause[s] or threaten[s]
material injury to an established domestic industry" then Y may assess a CVD on
the import of the subsidized products.  n95

   This hypothetical frames the problem.  While the Fund subsidy at issue is
permissible, it nevertheless may trigger an equally permissible retaliatory
action.  Country Y would still have to demonstrate "material injury" to its
domestic industry, but the causal connection is arguably established.  The Fund
subsidies will benefit the industries of country X, making it easier to compete
both domestically against imports from Y and against Y's competing products
exported abroad.  n96 Given the recent rise in CVD actions against developing
countries, this scenario is not only plausible, but increasingly likely.  n97

   The prospect of a developing country defending against, or even worse,
losing, a CVD action for accepting Fund subsidies is particularly troubling.
Currently, developing countries simply cannot afford to divert their scarce
resources to defend against CVD actions,  n98 and national CVD laws do not
contain special provisions giving developing countries preferential treatment.
n99 Moreover, a CVD might have a substantial impact on the exports of a
developing country's ozone-safe technology,  n100 and this result could be
[*222]  particularly problematic because developing countries are in desperate
need of export diversification.  n101 It has long been a GATT axiom that export
diversification is essential for developing countries to maintain stable,
healthy economies,  n102 and the ability of developing countries to sustain
industrial development of ozone-safe technology may depend upon their ability to
export this technology.

   In any case, if the Fund payments are to be effective, their impact should
not be diluted by the intrusion of CVD actions.  n103 The Fund's purpose is to
permit developing countries to employ these subsidies in a way that establishes
commercially viable ozone-safe industries.  The goal of phasing out
ozone-depleting chemicals in developing countries altogether can only be
achieved if a commercially viable alternative is available.  n104 Because CVD
actions pose a threat to the establishment of these alternatives, they place
GATT at odds with the Montreal Protocol.

   However, before embarking on fresh GATT negotiations to address this tension
with the Montreal Protocol, it is useful to review the subsidies provisions of
the Dunkel Draft as a starting point for some solutions.  For discussion
purposes, assume the same facts as above except that countries X and Y are also
"parties" to the Dunkel Draft.  The logical first provision to consider would be
the environmental exception for agricultural subsidies.  n105 Since controlled
substances are used in agricultural processing, it is possible that some of X's
use of controlled substances is for agricultural purposes.  n106 However,
[*223]  it is unlikely that X's only use of controlled substances would be for
agricultural purposes.  n107 Thus, this limited exception would probably prove
insufficient to address the problem.  Likewise, since X's subsidy is not an
export subsidy, the general exemption for developing countries does not apply
and fails to offer a solution.  n108 The de minimis exception could deal with
the problem if the subsidy is small, but in view of developing countries'
reliance on subsidies for ozone-safe technology,  n109 it would be reasonable to
assume that the Fund subsidy is substantial and not covered by the de minimis
exception.  n110 The only provisions that offer promise for a complete solution
are those that define actionable subsidies.

   To find that a subsidy is actionable, the Dunkel Draft requires that the
subsidy be targeted at a specific industry.  n111 For the same reason that the
environmental exception for agricultural subsidies would prove insufficient to
protect Fund subsidies, the specificity requirement appears to hold promise for
X.  Because controlled substances are traditionally employed in a variety of
contexts, it is at least arguable that X's Fund subsidies are not specific.
Moreover, this argument is supported by the fact that the Fund's purpose is to
facilitate the phaseout of controlled substances altogether, not simply phase
out their use in a particular industry.  n112 However, the proper interpretation
of specificity is admittedly not defined, and the construction of specificity
offered by the author could be challenged.

   Nevertheless, the proposed construction suggests a simple addition to the
Dunkel Draft that could ensure a solution to the conflict between GATT and the
Montreal Protocol.  An interpretative note could be added to define
international environmental subsidies distributed pursuant to a multilateral
environmental agreement as "general" in nature.  n113 An addition of this type
would protect legitimate international environmental subsidies, but would remain
limited in scope.  The only international environmental subsidies this provision
would exempt from CVDs would be those that had undoubtedly proven to be a
serious multinational environmental concern, e.g., a threat to the global
commons.  Thus, it would address the concerns expressed by the United States
that a general environmental exception is too broad and would be subject to
abuse.  n114 In addition, this provision would provide an incentive for
developing countries to endorse the Dunkel Draft's position on subsidies.
Considering the prior reluctance of developing countries to commit to further
restrictions on subsidies,  n115 this incentive might significantly add to these
negotiations.  By incorporating both trade and environmental concerns, the
proposed provision would coordinate and promote the aims of both disciplines.

    [*224]  III. COORDINATING PROTOCOL SUBSIDIES WITH GATT: AN ENVIRONMENTAL
IMPERATIVE

   Reconciling Montreal Fund subsidies with GATT may also foster the development
of international environmental law in a more general sense.  An analysis of the
Fund subsidies in light of several emerging principles of international
environmental law reveals that the success of the Fund is essential if the
Protocol is to substantively affirm these principles.  n116 The Protocol can
also exemplify how these principles can be translated into meaningful
expressions of international environmental law.  n117 Thus, the success of the
Fund has larger ramifications, and this fact highlights the significance of
coordinating Fund subsidies with GATT.

   The following discussion begins with an exploration of the relevant
principles of international environmental law.  The discussion then considers
why a successful Fund is needed for the Protocol to affirm these principles.

A. The Rio Declaration

   The Rio Declaration emerged from the 1992 United Nations Conference on the
Environment and Development  n118 and represented a landmark in the
international environmental movement.  For the first time since the 1972
Declaration of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment,  n119 the
international environmental community issued a comprehensive statement of
principles.  n120 As a result, the Rio Declaration serves as the latest
statement of what the international environmental community considers to be the
fundamental principles that should shape the development of international
environmental law.  n121

   1. The Sovereign Right to Development: Balancing Local Development with
Protection of the Global Commons

   The Rio Declaration reaffirms each country's sovereign right to determine its
own environmental and developmental policies.  Principle 2 of the Declaration
provides that:


     States have, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and
     the principles of international law, the sovereign right to exploit
     their resources pursuant to their own environmental and developmental
     policies, and the  [*225]  responsibility to ensure that activities
     within their jurisdiction or control do not cause damage to the
     environment of other States or of areas beyond the limits of national
     jurisdiction.  n122


Principle 2 closely tracks the language of its famous predecessor, principle 21
of the 1972 Declaration of the United Nations Conference on the Human
Environment.  n123 The most notable difference is that it includes a specific
reference to "developmental policies."  n124 This reference highlights the
connection between a country's economic development and its environmental
development.  While this connection was previously implicit in principle 21,
principle 2 accords it more emphasis.

   What is significant about both of these principles -- and emphasized by
principle 2 -- is that they seek to circumscribe a country's right to
development by referring to the transnational or global impact of its
development policies.  In other words, a country is free to determine its own
environmental or developmental policy, but it has the "correlative duty to
ensure that the resultant activities" do not adversely affect the interests of
other nations or the global commons.  n125 Sovereignty thus defined calls upon
states to balance their need for local economic development with the need to
protect the global commons.

   2. Some Principles to Guide Development: The Precautionary Principle and the
Polluter-Pays Principle

   The balancing of local economic development with the need to protect the
global commons is a difficult and intricate task,  n126 with great scientific
uncertainty.  n127 For example, a particular type of damage may be
scientifically established, but the rate of damage may be beyond precise
scientific quantification.  n128 This knowledge vacuum has led to the
development of what is known as the "precautionary principle" or "precautionary
approach" of international environmental law.  n129 If an activity may have
serious long-term consequences, the precautionary principle reduces the burden
of proof required to justify taking immediate action against the environmentally
damaging activity.  n130 Thus, a lower degree of scientific certainty may
nevertheless justify immediate action due to the potential severity of the
threat to the environment.

    [*226]  The Rio Declaration contains a version of the precautionary
principle.  Principle 15 of the Rio Declaration provides:


     In order to protect the environment, the precautionary approach shall
     be widely applied by States according to their capabilities.  Where
     there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full
     scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing
     cost-effective measures to prevent environmental degradation.  n131


The precautionary approach, as developed in the Declaration, is broadly worded,
taking into account the fact that different countries may have different
capabilities.

   While countries may have differences in capabilities, this fact does not
excuse liability, for the Rio Declaration also endorses the polluter-pays
principle.  n132 This principle, as the name indicates, calls upon polluters to
bear the liability for the damage caused by pollution they produce.  n133 In
principle 16, the Declaration states that "[n]ational authorities should
endeavour to promote the internalization of environmental costs and the use of
economic instruments, taking into account the approach that the polluter, in
principle, bear the cost of pollution, with due regard to the public interest
and without distorting international trade and investment."  n134

   The polluter-pays principle and the precautionary principle both suggest
further qualifications on a country's sovereign right to development.  The
precautionary principle intimates that the balancing of development and the
environment is not simply cost-benefit analysis.  When the damage is
particularly severe, development should at times be restricted even if the
precise amount of damage is unknown.  n135 The polluter-pays principle also
requires countries to consider the effects of their development.  To the extent
their development damages the environment, the polluter-pays principle calls
upon countries to accept responsibility for the costs incurred by the damage.

B. The Protocol Revisited

   As the preamble notes, the Protocol is based on the precautionary principle,
for it calls for the ban of harmful controlled substances despite a degree of
scientific uncertainty.  n136 Moreover, the preamble states that the Protocol
aims to implement the precautionary principle with due consideration for the
needs of technologically and economically disadvantaged countries.  n137 Thus,
the precautionary principle of the Protocol mirrors principle 15 of the Rio
Declaration, for both call for the implementation of precautionary measures with
due regard for the needs of developing countries.  n138 In addition, the
substantive provisions of the Protocol give special consideration to the needs
of developing countries by establishing a special phaseout schedule and the
Multilateral Fund.  n139

    [*227]  Furthermore, if the Fund provides a means for developing countries
to adopt ozone-safe technology, it will foster the sovereign right to
development in developing countries.  Because the developing countries will be
free to utilize this technology without risk of harm to the environment, the
restrictions on sovereignty embodied in principle 2 of the Rio Declaration would
not apply.  Principle 2 circumscribes a nation's sovereign right to development
based on the potential harm to other nations caused by such development.  n140
Where development is ecologically sound, this harm is eliminated and the right
to development is unfettered.

   However, the relationship between the polluter-pays principle and the
Protocol is not as clear.  It is true that gradual phaseout of controlled
substances will economically compromise the industries which produce and rely on
these substances.  Thus, the countries which contain these industries will bear
a large part of the cost of conversion.  But that fact begs the larger question
of who should "pay" for the damage wrought by the pollution in the interim.
Until ozone-depleting chemicals are eradicated, the global degradation of the
ozone layer will continue.  n141 The Protocol makes no mention of reparations,
but the injury is nevertheless significant, and the conclusion is inescapable.
Under the Protocol, everyone, including the polluter, will pay to some extent
for this injury to the global commons.

   This shared injury again raises questions about the sovereign right to
development.  As defined in principle 2 of the Rio Declaration, development
implies a "correlative duty" to refrain from engaging in activities that damage
other nations and the global commons.  n142 Developed countries have reached and
maintained their advanced stage of development through the use of controlled
substances.  n143 In fact, developed countries have consumed the vast majority
of CFCs -- an estimated 88% of total consumption.  n144 Thus, it is relevant to
consider whether the Protocol adequately addresses the question of
responsibility for the damage caused by the use of controlled substances.  More
specifically, does the Protocol permit developed countries to exercise their
sovereign right to development at the expense of developing countries?

   The Fund was developed in response to the concern of developing countries
that the Montreal Protocol comes at their expense.  They argued that the rapid
phaseout of CFCs would damage developing countries economically and that it is
unfair for those developed countries who have enjoyed the benefits of CFCs to
now ask developing countries to share equally in the burden of the phaseout.
n145 If it is properly funded and administered, the Fund could offset the impact
of the phaseout and foster developing countries' sovereign right to development.
n146 If the Fund succeeds, it is arguable that developed countries will  [*228]
have addressed the duty to develop responsibly while paying for the damage of
development.  As a result, the Protocol could affirm the polluter-pays principle
and the principle that the sovereign right to development is subject to
limitations.  n147

   However, as section II of this Article reveals, the success of the Fund is
not simply a function of the Protocol, for existing GATT CVD provisions may be
employed in a manner that dilutes the effectiveness of the Fund.  n148 To the
extent that CVD actions work against the success of the Fund, they will
frustrate the ability of developed countries to fulfill the duty to develop
responsibly and pay for the damage when they do not.  Therefore, the resolution
of the conflict between CVD law and the Fund may not simply be a question of
reconciling GATT with the Protocol.  It may also be viewed as a substantive
affirmation of emerging principles of international environmental law.

   In addition, the success of the Fund is tied to the very core of the
Protocol: global action based on the precautionary principle.  Developing
countries view the Fund as a sine qua non for their participation in the
Protocol.  n149 If the Fund's effectiveness is compromised to the point that
developing countries question its ability to achieve its objectives, those that
are parties to the Protocol may reconsider their participation and those that
are considering joining may decline to do so.  n150 As a practical matter,
developing countries must be assured that participation will not be too
economically damaging, or they may simply conclude that they are not able to
convert to ozone-safe technology.  n151 Because CFC-based technology is
relatively cheap and unsophisticated,  n152  [*229]  there is a powerful
economic incentive to use it.  n153 This fact underscores the necessity for an
effective Fund because if the Fund is not effective, developing countries may
feel compelled to continue using CFC technology to meet their basic needs.  If
the developing countries continue to rely on CFC technology, the Protocol's goal
of eliminating ozone-depleting chemicals will not be achieved.  Thus, the
Protocol would be relegated to a bold attempt at global action based on the
precautionary principle, as opposed to a successful example.

   IV. CONCLUSION

   The Montreal Protocol represents a groundbreaking step in the protection of
the global commons.  For the first time, nations rich and poor have come
together and agreed on concrete steps to protect a vital part of the global
commons.  An essential part of this agreement was the establishment of the
Montreal Multilateral Fund.

   Without the Fund, many, if not most, developing countries would not be able,
or willing, to join in this historic agreement.  Because CFC technology is
relatively simple and inexpensive, developing countries have a strong economic
incentive to invest in it to meet basic needs.  In addition, the economic
incentive to continue environmentally unsound practices is particularly
persuasive because the resulting damage is hard to quantify.  To take action
based on the precautionary approach, developing countries must conclude that
they can do so without undue hardship.

   These facts underscore how important it is that the Fund succeed.  If the
Fund subsidies make it possible for developing countries to phase out the use of
controlled substances, the Protocol will serve as an example of how global
cooperation can effectively unite countries, regardless of their economic
circumstances, to take precautionary measures to protect the global commons.

   It would be extremely unfortunate if this bold experiment were to be
compromised through the mechanical application of existing GATT provisions.  As
section II demonstrates, even minor modifications to the Uruguay Round's Dunkel
Draft could create a provision that would prevent Fund subsidies from being
subject to CVDs.  Of course, the success of this solution would depend upon its
endorsement by the parties, and this endorsement is not guaranteed.  However,
what is promising about this proposal is that it builds upon points of
agreement, the Dunkel Draft and the Fund, and incorporates both trade and
environmental concerns.  Therefore, the proposed solution does not require trade
law to be sacrificed for environmental law, or vice versa.  Rather, it seeks to
coordinate the two.

   Also, if this proposal were to be endorsed by developed countries, it would
send a strong message to developing countries.  Implicitly, if not explicitly,
it would acknowledge the duty of developed countries to take steps to ensure the
Fund's success.  As developed in section III, emerging international
environmental principles imply a duty on the part of those who have enjoyed the
fruits of global environmental damage to address the needs of  [*230]  those who
have not.  n154 By recognizing this duty, developed countries could reassure the
developing countries of their long-term commitment to a successful and effective
Fund.

   Moreover, any subsequent environmental subsidies provided by international
agreement would be exempt from CVDs.  The necessity for this general exemption
is manifest, for the developed world has not only been the pollution leader in
the area of ozone-depleting chemicals, but also in many other areas that
threaten the global commons.  n155 It is quite likely that in the future
developing countries will continue to depend upon the developed world for
assistance when addressing these threats.  n156 By coordinating international
environmental subsidies with GATT generally, the developed world could take a
bold and important step towards permanently coordinating GATT with international
environmental law.

   The global legacy of environmental degradation will be an issue for years to
come that the developing and the developed worlds will have to face together.
The sovereign right of each country to chart its own destiny is no longer a
right that can be defined in isolationist terms.  International cooperation in
the protection of the global commons is not a threat to national sovereignty.
On the contrary, it is necessary for its very survival.  In the eloquent words
of Lynton K. Caldwell:


     Hopefully . . . the doctrine of national sovereignty, like the flag on
     the masthead of the ship Pequod in Melville's Moby Dick, will not
     flutter its last defiant gesture before the ship of state disappears
     beneath the waves, its destruction being the consequence of the
     arbitrary, unyielding perversity of its single-purposed commander.
     n157


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Education LawInstructionExtracurricular ActivitiesPublicationsInternational
Trade LawState LegislationGeneral OverviewInternational Trade LawTrade
AgreementsEnvironmental ProvisionsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See, e.g., Ozone Reaches Lowest Recorded Levels Over Europe, North America,
WMO Says, 16 Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 5, at 156 (Mar. 10, 1993) ("The levels
fell more than 20 percent below normal . . . throughout the winter.").




n2  The degradation of the ozone layer has been seriously discussed for almost
twenty years.  In 1974, Sherwood Rowland and Mario Molina, from the University
of California, published a paper clearly demonstrating the destructive effect of
CFCs (chloroflourocarbons) on the ozone layer.  RICHARD E. BENEDICK, OZONE
DIPLOMACY: NEW DIRECTION IN SAFEGUARDING THE PLANET 10 (1991).




n3  THE WORLD ENVIRONMENT 1972-1992 (Mostafa K. Tolba & Osama A. El-Kholy eds.,
1992) (the epigraph).




n4  Montreal Protocol on Substances That Deplete the Ozone Layer, Sept. 16,
1987, 26 I.L.M. 1550 (entered into force Jan. 1, 1989) [hereinafter Protocol].
The Protocol was amended and adjusted in London in June, 1990.  Adjustments and
Amendments to the Montreal Protocol on Substances That Deplete the Ozone Layer,
adopted June 29, 1990, 30 I.L.M. 537 [hereinafter Revised Protocol].  For the
consolidated text of the Protocol, see INTERNATIONAL LAW AND GLOBAL CLIMATE
CHANGE 224 (Robin Churchill & David Freestone eds., 1991).




n5  BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 9-22.  But see Ben Lieberman, What's So Bad About
CFCs?, MACHINE DESIGN, Oct. 22, 1993, at 35, 35 ("In a triumph of hysteria over
science, CFCs are being phased out despite their usefulness and a lack of solid
evidence proving they are harmful.").




n6  See, e.g., U.S. CONG., OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY ASSESSMENT, TRADE AND
ENVIRONMENT: CONFLICTS AND OPPORTUNITIES 46-52 (1992) [hereinafter OTA REPORT].




n7  BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 1.




n8  It is often noted that international trade and environmental issues are not
adequately coordinated, and some argue that efforts to deal with the ozone layer
are no exception.  See, e.g., Kyle E. McSlarrow, International Trade and the
Environment: Building a Framework for Conflict Resolution, 21 Envtl. L. Rep.
10,589 (Oct. 1991).




n9  General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, opened for signature Oct. 30, 1947,
61 Stat. A3, 55 U.N.T.S. 194 (1947).  Because GATT has been amended so many
times, subsequent citations will be to the consolidated text reprinted at
GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TRADE AND TARIFFS, 4 BASIC INSTRUMENTS AND SELECTED
DOCUMENTS [BISD], GATT Sales No. GATT/1969-1 (1969) [hereinafter GATT].




n10  JOHN H. JACKSON & WILLIAM J. DAVEY, INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC RELATIONS:
CASES, MATERIALS, AND TEXT 296 (2d ed. 1986).




n11  Id. at 324-25; see generally ROBERT HUDEC, GATT LEGAL SYSTEM AND WORLD
TRADE DIPLOMACY (2d ed. 1990).




n12  GATT, supra note 9, pmbl., 4 BISD at 1.




n13  Id.




n14  See, e.g., OTA REPORT, supra note 6.




n15  See Protocol, supra note 4, art. 5(3), 26 I.L.M. at 1556.




n16  See infra part II.B.




n17  Robert F. Housman & Durwood J. Zaelke, Trade, Environment, and Sustainable
Development: A Primer, 15 HASTINGS INT'L & COMP. L. REV. 535, 580 (1992).




n18  See infra notes 97-102 and accompanying text.




n19  See infra notes 103-04 and accompanying text.




n20  See infra part III.B.




n21  Protocol, supra note 4, pmbl., 26 I.L.M. at 1550-51.




n22  WORLD RESOURCES INSTITUTE, WORLD RESOURCES 1990-91 at 62 (1990).




n23  BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 11-22 (Richard Benedick was the United States
Ambassador to the Protocol negotiations.).




n24  Protocol, supra note 4, pmbl., 26 I.L.M. at 1551.




n25  Id.




n26  Id.




n27  Revised Protocol, supra note 4, arts. 2(A)-(B), 30 I.L.M. at 539-40. These
revised provisions substantially accelerate the phaseout schedule originally
proposed in article 2.  See Protocol, supra note 4, art. 2, 26 I.L.M. at
1552-53.

   Also, the Protocol progressively restricts the import and export of
controlled substances "to any State not a party to this Protocol." Revised
Protocol, supra note 4, art. 4, 30 I.L.M. at 546 (discussing the control of
trade with non-parties).  Also, included in this revised provision is a new
paragraph, 3 bis, providing that "[w]ithin three years of the date of entry into
force of this paragraph, the Parties shall . . . elaborate in an annex a list of
products containing controlled substances in Annex B." Id. art. 4, para. 3 bis,
30 I.L.M. at 546. This new list of products will also be subject to the import
and export restrictions of revised article 4.  Id. art. 4, para. 1 bis, 30
I.L.M. at 546.

   Furthermore, the Protocol calls upon the parties to consider banning the
importation from non-parties of all products that are "produced with, but not
containing, controlled substances." Id. art. 4, para. 4, 30 I.L.M. at 546. In
addition, the products that will be elaborated in the upcoming Annex B will be
subject to a similar provision.  Id. art. 4, para. 4 bis, 30 I.L.M. at 547.
However, a non-party may avoid all of these restrictions if the non-party
submits proof to the parties that the non-party is complying with the phaseout
schedule and the trade restrictions of the Protocol.  Id. art. 4, para. 8, 30
I.L.M. at 547. This provision will cover all products listed in Annexes A and B.
Id.




n28  Protocol, supra note 4, Annex A, 26 I.L.M. at 1561. Included with the list
of ozone-depleting CFCs and halons is an estimate of the ozone-depleting
potential of each.  However, the Annex is careful to note that the "estimates
[are] based on existing knowledge and will be reviewed and revised
periodically." Id.




n29  Revised Protocol, supra note 4, arts. 2(A)-(B), 30 I.L.M. at 539-41.




n30  Id. art. 5, 30 I.L.M. at 547-48.




n31  Id. art. 5, para. 1, 30 I.L.M. at 547.




n32  See id. art. 5, para. 5, 30 I.L.M. at 548.




n33  See id. art. 10, 30 I.L.M. at 550-51.




n34  Whether Accelerated Phase-out Deadlines Apply to Developing Countries
Unresolved, 15 Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 24, at 771 (Dec. 2, 1992).




n35  OTA REPORT, supra note 6, at 53.




n36  Nations Agree to Cuts in Production of Methyl Bromide, Faster CFC Phaseout,
15 Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 24, at 769 (Dec. 2, 1992).  Also, the officials
agreed to add methyl bromide to the list of controlled substances and discussed
various other issues.  Id.




n37  Id.




n38  New Target Dates Endorsed by Most Nations, Likely to Be Adopted in
November, Tolba Says, 15 Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 15, at 492 (July 29, 1992)
[hereinafter New Target Dates].




n39  In Copenhagen, the status of developing countries and the accelerated
phaseout was not fully resolved, and some officials concluded that the new
agreement could be read either way.  Whether Accelerated Phaseout Deadlines
Apply to Developing Countries Unresolved, supra note 34, at 771.




n40  See supra notes 10-11.




n41  GATT, supra note 9, art. XVI(1)(A), 4 BISD at 26.




n42  Id.




n43  Id.




n44  Id.




n45  Id. art. XVI(B), 4 BISD at 26-27.




n46  Id. art. XVI(B)(4), 4 BISD at 27.




n47  Id. Annex I, cmt. Ad art. XVI(B), 4 BISD at 68.




n48  GATT, Declaration Giving Effect to the Provisions of Article XVI:4, 17th
Sess., (Nov. 19, 1960), reprinted in GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TARIFFS AND TRADE,
BASIC INSTRUMENTS AND SELECTED DOCUMENTS, Supp. No. 9, at 32-33, GATT Sales No.
GATT/1960-1 (1961).




n49  Edmond McGovern, Remedies for Subsidies, in SUBSIDIES AND INTERNATIONAL
TRADE: A EUROPEAN LAWYERS' PERSPECTIVE 157, 163 (Jacques H.J. Bourgeois ed.,
1991).




n50  BELA A. BALASSA & MICHAEL SHARPSTON, EXPORT SUBSIDIES BY DEVELOPING
COUNTRIES: ISSUES OF POLICY 14 (1977).  An accompanying declaration made clear
that new export subsidies on non-primary products are prohibited.  GATT,
Declaration on the Extension of the Standstill Provisions of Article XVI:4, 17th
Sess., (Nov. 19, 1960), reprinted in GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TARIFFS AND TRADE,
BASIC INSTRUMENTS AND SELECTED DOCUMENTS, Supp. No. 9, at 33-35, GATT Sales No.
GATT/1960-1 (1961).  For the signatories to this provision, the introduction of
a new subsidy on a product in its GATT tariff schedule has been held to be a
"prima facie nullification and impairment" of GATT benefits.  This may in turn
render the subsidizing signatory liable under the general dispute resolution
procedures of article XXIII.  JACKSON & DAVEY, supra note 10, at 728.  Article
XXIII sets out the basic dispute resolution procedure of GATT.  It provides for
what is known as the panel system, and it may award compensation to parties who
have had their GATT benefits impaired.  See id. at 345-51.




n51  JACKSON & DAVEY, supra note 10, at 297.




n52  See GATT, supra note 9, art. XVI(A)(1) & (5), 4 BISD at 26-27.




n53  Id. art. VI, 4 BISD at 10-12.




n54  Id.




n55  Id. art. VI(6)(a), 4 BISD at 11.




n56  Id. However, contracting parties may waive this requirement where the
alleged injury is to the industry of another country as opposed to the industry
of the importing country.  Id. art. VI(6)(b), 4 BISD at 11.  Moreover, in the
case of subsidies, if a delay in the imposition of the duty may "cause damage
which would be difficult to repair" in the other country, the importing country
may impose a duty prior to receiving a waiver.  Id. art. VI(6)(c), 4 BISD at 11.




n57  See id. art. VI(6)(a), 4 BISD at 11.




n58  Sergio Alessandrini, Strategic Trade Policies and GATT, in SUBSIDIES AND
INTERNATIONAL TRADE: A EUROPEAN LAWYERS' PERSPECTIVE 5, 11 (Jacques H.J.
Bourgeois ed., 1991).




n59  Id.




n60  Agreement on Interpretation and Application of Articles VI, XVI and XXIII
of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, done Apr. 12, 1979, 31 U.S.T.
513, 1186 U.N.T.S. 204, (entered into force Jan. 1, 1980), reprinted in JOHN
JACKSON & WILLIAM DAVEY, DOCUMENTS SUPPLEMENT TO LEGAL PROBLEMS OF INTERNATIONAL
ECONOMIC RELATIONS 74 (1986) [hereinafter GATT Subsidies Code].




n61  Id. art. 9, 31 U.S.T. at 531, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 222.  According to article
9:


     (1) Signatories shall not grant export subsidies on products other
     than certain primary products.
     (2) The practices listed in points (a) to (l) in the Annex are
     illustrative of export subsidies.


Id. The Annex focuses on practices that are specifically designed to foster
exports, e.g., "[t]he provision by governments of direct subsidies to a firm or
an industry contingent upon export performance." Id. Annex (a), 31 U.S.T. at
546, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 240.




n62  Footnote 29 provides: "For purposes of this Agreement 'certain primary
products' means the products referred to in Note Ad Article XVI of the General
Agreement, Section B, paragraph 2, with the deletion of the words 'or any
mineral.'" Id. art 9, n.29, 31 U.S.T. at 531, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 222.




n63  Id. art. 11, 31 U.S.T. at 532, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 224.  Article 11(1)
provides in pertinent part: "Signatories recognize that subsidies other than
export subsidies are widely used as important instruments for the promotion of
social and economic policy objectives and do not intend to restrict the right of
signatories to use subsidies to achieve these and other important policy
objectives which they consider desirable." Id. art. 11(1), 31 U.S.T. at 532,
1186 U.N.T.S. at 224.




n64  Id. art. 14(3), 31 U.S.T. at 524, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 228.




n65  Id. art. 4(4), 31 U.S.T at 524, 1186 U.N.T.S. at 212.  Also, a Code
signatory would be subject to article XXIII, the general dispute resolution
procedures, in the case of export subsidies.  JACKSON & DAVEY, supra note 10, at
730.




n66  As of 1990, there were only 24 signatories to the Subsidies Code, and very
few of these signatories were developing countries.  Alessandrini, supra note
58, at 11.  For a list of the countries which adhere to the Code, see GATT,
Report of the Committee on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, 46th Sess.,
GATT Doc. L/6762, reprinted in GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TARIFFS AND TRADE, BASIC
INSTRUMENTS AND SELECTED DOCUMENTS, Supp. No. 37, at 312, GATT Sales No.
GATT/1991-1 (1991) [hereinafter Report of the Committee on Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures].




n67  See BALASSA & SHARPSTON, supra note 50, at 14.




n68  Alessandrini, supra note 58, at 13-14.




n69  See Report of the Committee on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, supra
note 66, at 312.




n70  GATT ACTIVITIES 1991: AN ANNUAL REVIEW OF THE WORK OF GATT 26 (1992)
[hereinafter GATT ACTIVITIES 1991].




n71  Id.; see also Felipe Jaramillo, Subsidies, Countervailing Duties and
Developing Countries, in FOREIGN TRADE IN THE PRESENT AND A NEW INTERNATIONAL
ECONOMIC ORDER 263, 263 (Detlev C. Dicke & Ernst-Ulrich Petersmann eds., 1988).




n72  Draft Final Act Embodying the Results of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral
Trade Negotiations, GATT Secretariat, GATT Doc. MTN.TNC/W/FA (Dec. 20, 1991)
(The Institute for International Legal Information ed., 1992) [hereinafter
Dunkel Draft].




n73  Id. § I, art. 3.  Article 3 provides in pertinent part:


     The following subsidies, within the meaning of Article 1 above, shall
     be prohibited: (a) subsidies contingent, in law or in fact, whether
     solely or as one of several conditions, upon export performance,
     including those illustrated in Annex I; (b) subsidies contingent,
     whether solely or as one of several other conditions, upon the use of
     domestic over imported goods.


Id. 3.1(a)-(b) (footnotes omitted).




n74  Id. § I, art. 5.  Article 5 provides:


     No signatory should cause, through the use of any subsidy referred to
     in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 1 above, adverse effects to the
     interests of other signatories, i.e.,: (a) injury to the domestic
     industry of another signatory; (b) nullification or impairment of
     benefits accruing directly or indirectly to other signatories under
     the General Agreement, in particular the benefits of concessions bound
     under Article II of the General Agreement; (c) serious prejudice to
     the interests of another signatory.


Id. art. 5.1 (footnotes omitted).  The Draft also provides a detailed definition
of "serious prejudice" so that: (1) it is deemed to exist in cases where a
subsidy amounts to 5% of the value of the product, covers operating losses, or
covers the payment of debt; and (2) it may exist if the subsidy displaces or
impedes imports, significantly undercuts the price of competing products, or
increases the world market share of the subsidizing signatory.  See id., arts.
6.1 & 6.3 (emphasis added).




n75  Id. § I, art. 8.  Article 8 provides in pertinent part:


     Notwithstanding the provisions of Part III and V of this Agreement,
     the following subsidies shall be non-actionable: (a) assistance for
     research activities conducted by firms or by higher education or
     research establishments on a contract basis with firms . . . . (b)
     assistance to disadvantaged regions within the territory of a
     signatory given pursuant to a general framework of regional
     development . . . .


Id. § I, art. 8.2(a)-(b) (footnotes omitted).




n76  Id. § I, art. 8.1(a).




n77  See id., art. 2.




n78  Id. § I, art. 2.1(a).  Article 2.1(a) provides:


     Where the granting authority, or the legislation pursuant to which the
     granting authority operates, explicitly limits access to a subsidy to
     certain enterprises, such subsidy shall be specific.


Id. Furthermore, "prohibited subsidies" are per se specific.  Id. art. 2.3.




n79  Id. § I, art. 2.1(c).  Article 2.1(c) provides:


     If, notwithstanding any appearance of non-specificity resulting from
     the application of the principles laid down in subparagraphs (a) and
     (b) above, there are reasons to believe that the subsidy may in fact
     be specific, other factors may be considered.  Such factors are: use
     of a subsidy programme by a limited number of certain enterprises,
     predominant use by certain enterprises, the granting of a
     disproportionately large amounts of subsidy to certain enterprises,
     and the manner in which discretion has been exercised by the granting
     authority in the decision to grant a subsidy.  In applying this
     subparagraph, account shall be taken of the extent of diversification
     of economic activities in the subsidizing country, as well as of the
     length of time during which the subsidy program has been in operation.


Id. (footnotes omitted).




n80  Id. § I, art. 27.2.




n81  Id. § I, art. 27.9.  Article 27.9 provides:


     Any countervailing duty investigation of a product originating in a
     developing country signatory shall be terminated as soon as the
     authorities concerned determine that: (a) the overall level of
     subsidies granted upon the product in question does not exceed 2 per
     cent of its value/calculated on a per unit basis; (b) the volume of
     the subsidized imports represents less than 4 per cent of the total
     imports for the like product in the importing signatory, unless
     imports from developing country signatories whose individual shares of
     total import represent less than 4 per cent collectively, account for
     more than 9 per cent of the total imports for the like product in the
     importing country.


Id. Also, serious prejudice, other than cases where it is deemed to exist,
exists only when the subsidy causes a "nullification or impairment" of GATT
benefits.  Id. § I, art. 27.8.




n82  GATT ACTIVITIES 1991, supra note 70, at 95.




n83  Housman & Zaelke, supra note 17, at 565-66.




n84  Id.




n85  Id. at 566.




n86  Dunkel Draft, supra note 72, § L, pt. A, Annex 2, para. 12.




n87  See International Group Said Needed to Enforce Environmental Treaties, 14
Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 22, at 596, 597 (Nov. 6, 1991); C. Foster Knight,
Effects of National Environmental Regulation on International Trade and
Investment -- Selected Issues, 10 PAC. BAS. L.J. 212, 222 (1991).




n88  Housman & Zaelke, supra note 17, at 580.




n89  See supra notes 50-57 and accompanying text.




n90  Id.




n91  See GATT Subsidies Code, supra note 60, art. 11, 31 U.S.T. at 532, 1186
U.N.T.S. at 224.




n92  See GATT, supra note 9, art. VI, 4 BISD at 10-12.




n93  See id. art. XVI(A), 4 BISD at 26.




n94  See id. art. VI, 4 BISD at 10-12.




n95  Id. The possibility that legitimate environmental subsidies might
nevertheless be subject to CVDs has been noted previously.  John H. Jackson,
World Trade Rules and Environmental Policies: Congruence or Conflict, 49 WASH. &
LEE L. REV. 1227, 1247 (1992); Eliza Patterson, GATT and the Environment: Rules
Changes to Minimize Adverse Trade and Environmental Effect, J. WORLD TRADE,
June, 1992, at 99, 105-07.  And it is this possibility that supported
classifying environmental subsidies as permitted (non-actionable) subsidies in
the Uruguay Round negotiations.  See GATT ACTIVITIES 1991, supra note 70, at 95.




n96  In 1960, the report that accompanied the declaration implementing article
XVI(B) stated: "The Panel considers it fair to assume that a subsidy which
provides an incentive to increased production will, in the absence of offsetting
measures, e.g., a consumption subsidy, either increase exports or reduce
imports." GATT, Report by the Panel on Subsidies, 16th Sess., (May 24, 1960),
GATT Doc. L/1160, reprinted in GENERAL AGREEMENT ON TARIFFS AND TRADE, BASIC
INSTRUMENTS AND SELECTED DOCUMENTS, Supp. No. 9, at 191, GATT Sales No.
GATT/1960-1 (1961).




n97  See Werner Meng, International Regulation of Subsidies and Economic
Development, in FOREIGN TRADE IN THE PRESENT AND A NEW INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC
ORDER 235, 235-37 (Detlev C. Dicke & Ernst-Ulrich Petersmann eds., 1988).
"Developing countries have been subject to a growing number of CVD
investigations, recently accounting for more than 50%" of all CVD
investigations.  Id. at 236.




n98  Developing countries do not have the resources to combat and withstand
these expensive investigations.  Id. at 236-37.




n99 " In the existing national CVD laws there is hardly any possibility for
reliable preferential treatment of DCs [developing countries]." Id. at 248.
Note, however, that the U.S. Commerce Department might find Fund subsidies
non-actionable.  For example, the Commerce Department has in the past held that
World Bank financing is not countervailable.  See, e.g., Final Affirmative
Countervailing Duty Determination: Fuel Ethanol from Brazil, 51 Fed. Reg. 3361,
3374 (1986).




n100  Duties have a substantial impact on the flow of goods, and as a general
proposition, create substantial trade distortions.  See Patrick A. Messerlin,
The Developing Countries and the Uruguay Round Negotiations on the Antidumping
Code, in FOREIGN TRADE IN THE PRESENT AND A NEW INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC ORDER
163, 168-69 (Detlev C. Dicke & Ernst-Ulrich Petersmann eds., 1988).




n101  See TAKESHI WATANABE ET AL., FACILITATING DEVELOPMENT IN A CHANGING THIRD
WORLD 7-20 (1983).  The following information makes it painfully clear how
desperate developing countries are for additional export earnings: "Two-thirds
of the 3.3 billion people in the developing world (1.7 billion in China and
India alone) live in countries with 1980 per capita incomes of under $ 400,
compared to the $ 8,000 to $ 16,000 range for most trilateral countries." Id. at
9.  "The importance of ODA [Overseas Development Assistance] to development is
reflected in the fact that, except for a handful of countries, ODA is far and
away the main source of external financing available for non-NIC, non-OPEC
developing countries, in which live over 2.5 billion people, including those of
China and India." Id. at 60-61.  "For low-income countries as a whole (a
category in which the OECD includes the least developed plus some 35 other
countries) ODA accounted for 73 percent of their net external financial receipts
in 1980 . . . ." Id. at 61.




n102  Article XXXVI(5) of the General Agreement provides in pertinent part:



     The rapid expansion of the economies of less-developed contracting
     parties will be facilitated by a diversification of the structure of
     their economies and the avoidance of an excessive dependence on the
     export of primary products.


GATT, supra note 9, art. XXXVI(5), 4 BISD at 54.




n103  If the Fund is diluted, it will clearly not meet what both the developed
and developing countries see as its mission.  In a London meeting following the
original draft of the Protocol, the developing countries "demanded assurances
that financial aid and technology transfer would be forthcoming.  For their
part, industrialized countries now realized that the promises of Montreal would
have to be translated into tangible assistance to enable developing countries to
forgo significantly expanded use of CFCs." BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 124.
These countries outlined four needs:


     [1] A discrete multilateral trust fund should be established within
     UNEP to meet all incremental costs to developing countries of
     complying with the protocol.  [2] The fund should be financed by
     'legally enforceable obligations' from industrialized countries, on
     some agreed burden-sharing basis.  [3] Such contributions should be in
     addition to, rather than a diversion from, existing aid flows.  [4] '
     Free access . . . and non-profit transfer' to developing countries of
     safe technologies should be guaranteed.


Id. at 153 (emphasis added).




n104  See Revised Protocol, supra note 4, pmbl., 30 I.L.M at 541.




n105  Dunkel Draft, supra note 72, § L, part A, Annex 2, para. 12.




n106  For example, methyl bromide, a controlled substance, is "widely employed
as a fumigant in protection of stored cereals and other crops." New Target
Dates, supra note 38, at 492.




n107  CFCs are widely used as refrigerants and employed in manufacturing.  See
BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 1.




n108  See Dunkel Draft, supra note 72, § I, art. 27.2.




n109  See, e.g., BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 124.




n110  Id. at 153.




n111  See Dunkel Draft, supra note 72, § I, art. 8.1(a).




n112  Protocol, supra note 4, art. 10, 30 I.L.M. at 550-51.




n113  An interesting related proposal that addresses the question of CVDs and
environmental subsidies would permit the CVDs but have GATT collect them and
deposit them in a fund for future environmental projects.  Patterson, supra note
95, at 106.  However, because this proposal would permit CVDs, it fails to
address the immediate adverse impact of CVDs on developing countries.




n114  See Housman & Zaelke, supra note 17, at 566.




n115  See supra notes 50, 66 and accompanying text.




n116  See infra part III.B.




n117  See id.




n118  Rio Declaration on Environment and Development, U.N. Conference on
Environment and Development, 47th Sess., U.N. Doc. A/CONF.151/5/Rev. 1 (1992),
reprinted in 31 I.L.M. 874 (1992) [hereinafter Rio Declaration].




n119  This conference adopted a similar declaration.  Declaration of the United
Nations Conference on the Human Environment, U.N. Conference on the Human
Environment, 27th Sess., U.N. Doc. A/CONF.48/14 and Corr.1 (1972), reprinted in
11 I.L.M. 1416 (1972) [hereinafter 1972 Declaration].




n120  Over 170 nations endorsed the broad statement of principles in the Rio
Declaration.  Maurice F. Strong, Forum Profile, ENVTL. F., Nov.-Dec. 1992, at
20, 25 (Maurice F. Strong was the Secretary-General of UNCED in Rio.).




n121  Admittedly, some of these principles may be controversial -- especially
from the point of view of the United States and certain developed countries.
See William A. Nitze, The Road Starts at Rio, ENVTL. F., May-June 1992, at 10,
13.




n122  Rio Declaration, supra note 118, princ. 2, 31 I.L.M. at 876.




n123  This principle provides that:


     States have, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and
     the principles of international law, the sovereign right to exploit
     their own resources pursuant to their own environmental policies, and
     the responsibility to ensure that activities within their jurisdiction
     or control do not cause damage to the environment of other States or
     of areas beyond the limits of national jurisdiction.


1972 Declaration, supra note 119, princ. 21, 11 I.L.M. at 1420.




n124  Rio Declaration, supra note 118, princ. 2, 31 I.L.M. at 876.




n125  JAN SCHNEIDER, WORLD PUBLIC ORDER OF THE ENVIRONMENT: TOWARDS AN
INTERNATIONAL ECOLOGICAL LAW AND ORGANIZATION 21 (1979).




n126  See id. at 15.  "It must be acknowledged that the theory of common
interests, public goods, and externalities is far from being highly developed
and that the basic information necessary for identifying environmental variables
is also lacking in many areas." Id.




n127  Edith B. Weiss, International Environmental Law: Contemporary Issues and
the Emergence of a New World Order, 81 GEO. L.J. 675, 688 (1993).




n128  An example of this is climate change and its effects on biological
diversity.  Id. at 689.




n129  Weiss, supra note 127, at 690; see also David Freestone, The Precautionary
Principle, in INTERNATIONAL LAW AND GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE 21 (Robin Churchill &
David Freestone eds., 1991).




n130  Weiss, supra note 127, at 690.




n131  Rio Declaration, supra note 118, princ. 15, 31 I.L.M. at 879.




n132  Id. princ. 16, 31 I.L.M. at 879.




n133  See, e.g., Sanford Gaines, The Polluter-Pays Principle: From Economic
Equity to Environmental Ethos, 26 TEX. INT'L L.J. 463, 466 (1991).




n134  Rio Declaration, supra note 118, princ. 16, 31 I.L.M. at 879.




n135  Freestone, supra note 129, at 30-33.




n136  Protocol, supra note 4, pmbl., 26 I.L.M. at 1550-51.




n137  Id.




n138  Compare the preamble of the Protocol with Rio Declaration, supra note 118,
princ. 15, 31 I.L.M. 879.




n139  See Revised Protocol, supra note 4, arts. 5, 10, 30 I.L.M. 547-48, 550-51.




n140  Rio Declaration, supra note 118, princ. 2, 31 I.L.M. at 876.




n141  In fact, even with the complete phaseout of CFCs, recent studies show that
the ozone layer will not recover until sometime in the middle of the next
century.  THE WORLD ENVIRONMENT 1972-1992, supra note 3, at 53.




n142  SCHNEIDER, supra note 125 and accompanying text; see also Rio Declaration,
supra note 118, princ. 2, 31 I.L.M. at 876.




n143  BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 149.




n144  Id. at 148; see also THE WORLD ENVIRONMENT 1972-1992, supra note 3, at 41.




n145  BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 149.




n146  It should be noted that the Fund has had some initial operating
difficulties.  Developing Nations Said to Face Serious Problems in Applying for
Protocol Money, 15 Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 5, at 127 (Mar. 11, 1992).  But
the Protocol is flexible enough to address these problems.


     [The] Protocol provides for regular meetings of the parties to review
     implementation, make further adjustments to the list of controlled
     substances and production limitations, consider and adopt further
     measures, or take action as required.  The Protocol is thus not simply
     a static instrument laying down specific rules but an empowering
     provision which gives the meeting of the parties a dynamic role in
     developing international control of ozone depleting substances and
     responding to new research findings.


Alan E. Boyle, International Law and the Protection of the Global Atmosphere:
Concepts, Categories and Principles, in INTERNATIONAL LAW AND GLOBAL CLIMATE
CHANGE 7, 18 (Robin Churchill & David Freestone eds., 1991).




n147  Richard Benedick, United States Ambassador to the Protocol negotiations,
expressed similar thoughts in his memoirs on the negotiations:


     Indeed, the Montreal Protocol added a new dimension to the 1972
     Declaration of the United Nations on the Human Environment in
     Stockholm, which appealed to nations 'to ensure that activities within
     their jurisdiction of control do not cause damage to the environment
     of other States' -- a responsibility that had been more often an ideal
     than a reality.


BENEDICK, supra note 2, at 2.  "As a consequence of the ozone issue, the richer
nations for the first time acknowledged a responsibility to help developing
countries to implement needed environmental policies without sacrificing
aspirations for improved standards of living." Id. at 207.




n148  See supra notes 91-104 and accompanying text.




n149  See supra note 104.




n150  Recent studies from the game-theory perspective conclude that developing
countries will not participate in international environmental agreements if they
believe the agreements will place a disproportionate burden on them.  Alice
Enders & Amelia Porges, Successful Conventions and Conventional Success: Saving
the Ozone Layer, in THE GREENING OF WORLD TRADE ISSUES 130, 142 (Kym Anderson &
Richard Blackhurst eds., 1992); see also Peter A. Van Bergeijk, International
Trade and the Environmental Challenge, 25 J. WORLD TRADE 105, 113 (1991).




n151  See e.g., Robert E. Lutz, Directions of Environmental Law in the
International System: An Assessment of Tasks and Challenges for Lawyers, in
ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION AND INDIVIDUAL RIGHTS: AN INTERNATIONAL SYMPOSIUM 191,
201 (Stephen C. McCaffrey & Robert E. Lutz eds., 1978)


     While the many factors involved complicate resolution of this
     situation, the prime focal point for resolving the inability to reach
     agreement is often economics.  Simply put, developing countries find
     it expensive for them to participate in the efforts frequently
     proposed to solve environmental problems.  They see environmental
     controls as inhibiting their efforts for economic growth; they view
     efforts to settle the ownership interests of international areas as
     designed to enable the more technologically competent countries to
     exploit resources before they are able to participate.


Id.




n152  Robert J. Saunders, Is It Economically Viable for Developing Countries to
Cut Down on Carbon Dioxide Emissions, 9 ARIZ. J. INT'L & COMP. L. 205 (1992).




n153  Currently, "most of the increases" in CFC emissions are coming from
developing countries.  Id.




n154  See supra part III.A.




n155  See supra note 144.




n156  See 'Side Payment' System Needed to Push Climate Treaty Compliance, 15
Int'l Envtl. Rep. (BNA) No. 15, at 494 (July 29, 1992).




n157  Lynton E. Caldwell, Concepts in Development of International Environmental
Policies, in INTERNATIONAL ENVIRONMENTAL LAW 12, 22 (Ludwik A. Teclaf & Albert
E. Utton eds., 1974).


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

WTO members question rise in India's sugar export sops

LENGTH: 434  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 2 -- The increase in export subsidy for raw sugar announced by
the Government for the current year has come under the scanner of the World
Trade Organisation (WTO) with members such as Colombia, Australia and the EU
crying foul.


 Members, who have been warning that sugar export subsidies go against India's
WTO commitments since last year, have stepped up pressure and asked for details
of pay-outs in 2014.
 "The matter will come up for discussion at the WTO's Committee of Agriculture
meeting later this week," an official at the WTO told BusinessLine.
 Late last month, the government raised the export subsidy for raw sugar from
[#x20b9]3,300 a tonne (announced last February for 2014) to [#x20b9]4,000 for
2015 season for up to 1.4 million tonnes (mt) of sugar. The subsidy for 2014 had
lapsed last September.
 Interestingly, India had informed the WTO last November that although it had
approved export subsidies for sugar in February, it had not paid any subsidies
till that time.
 Challenging the Centre's claim, Australia said that if indeed the sugar export
subsidy programme was unfunded and no incentives were being paid, India should
explain the rationale behind the bi-monthly review, the adjusted rates and
continuation of the programme.
 "If subsidy payments have been made... can India provide the total value of
export subsidy budgetary outlays as well as the volume and value of raw sugar
exports that have been subject to incentive payments?" the Australian
representative to the WTO stated in a representation prior to the CoA meeting.
 Colombia said it was worried about media reports on the increase in export
subsidy for sugar in India as it could distort world prices. "Colombia is
concerned about the impact that these statements are having on the world sugar
market, which is exacerbated by the fact that India is the world's third largest
exporter of sugar," the country's representation stated.
 The idea behind the export subsidies is to help sugar millers reduce their
rising domestic stocks and pay sugarcane farmers their dues.
 According to estimates made by the Indian Sugar Mills Association (ISMA)
earlier this year, cane arrears across the country could cross last year's peak
of over [#x20b9]13,000 crore.
 The EU, in its representation, said that India should explain how the
re-activation of sugar export subsidies, complies with its export subsidy
commitments.
 According to industry estimates, mills are expected to produce a record 26 mt
of sugar in the 2014-15 season in addition to a carryover stock of 7.5 mt.
 Domestic sugar consumption is pegged at between 24.7 and 24.8 mt.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                             August 18, 2013 Sunday

Subsidies, low infra spending to slow growth

BYLINE:  Cai Ordinario

LENGTH: 560  words


The national government risks increasing its fiscal deficits and slowing the
country's economic growth if it would leave its food subsidies uncontained and
the infrastructure investments low.

In an Asian Development Bank Institute (ADBI) Working Paper Series, ADBI Dean
Masahiro Kawai and ADBI Senior Consultant for Research Peter Morgan said the
Philippines's subsidy-to-gross domestic product (GDP) ratio is at 3.6 percent,
while its infrastructure-to-GDP ratio remains below 4 percent.

"The subsidies on food and fuels can encourage intensive use of resources, which
also has undesirable consequences for food and energy security, and climate
change. Governments need to shift from such universal subsidies toward a more
targeted subsidy program-such as a direct cash- transfer program-to protect the
poor and socially vulnerable," the report stated.

"Nonetheless, it has proved politically difficult to reduce such programs,
although many studies show that fuel subsidies in particular mainly benefit
upper-income and middle-income households, not the poor," it added.

The report stated that the Philippines has one of the highest food and fuel
subsidies in the Asia-Pacific region, second only to India, with a subsidy
-to-GDP ratio of 4.1 percent. Other countries with high subsidies are Malaysia
and Indonesia with 3.3 percent and 2.9 percent of their GDP going to food and
fuel subsidies, respectively.

Data showed the Philippines's food subsidies amount to 3.4 percent of GDP, the
highest in the region, while its fuel subsidies amount to 0.2 percent of GDP,
the lowest in the region.

As a percentage of expenditure, however, data showed that food and fuel
subsidies account for only 4.3 percent of total expenses. This is the
third-lowest level recorded in the region.

"Some governments maintain large price subsidy programs to support below-market
consumer prices, especially for food and energy," the report stated. "These are
large enough to have a significant effect on both government fiscal balances and
the current account balance."

In terms of infrastructure investments, Kawai and Morgan expressed concern that
countries that fail to increase their infrastructure investments as a proportion
of GDP could threaten their future economic growth.

The study stated that these countries include Cambodia, Indonesia  and the
Philippines, whose capital expenditures for infrastructure are below 4 percent
of GDP. India was also cited as having low infrastructure investment at 4
percent to 7 percent of GDP.

Failing to address these infrastructure investments now could also lead to
higher expenditures in the future. In the case of the Philippines, this proves
crucial as the country faces the challenge of addressing subsidies as well as
maintaining high economic growth in the medium and long term.

"Japan has by far the highest share of GDP overall (38%), followed by Malaysia
and the PRC. Taipei, China; and Singapore have the lowest shares. Some
low-income economies have low capital expenditure shares such as investment in
infrastructure, including India, Indonesia, and the Philippines," the report
stated.

"This is likely to be exerting a restraining influence on the growth potential
of those countries. It should be a high priority to secure sources of funding
for higher levels of infrastructure investment spending in those countries," it
added.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              June 3, 2007 Sunday

Farm subsidies: The pressures for change

BYLINE: By LARRY MITCHELL - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 1895 words


(Part 2 of two)

One take on the controversy over farm subsidies can be seen in a recent Reader's
Digest article titled "You Sow, They Reap: Why are your tax dollars lining the
pockets of wealthy farm owners?"

Author Sacha Zimmerman complains that some wealthy people, including Ted Turner
and David Rockefeller, are raking in bundles just because they own farm land and
agree to follow the government's rules about how to use it.

"Meanwhile, the small, struggling farmer who may actually need assistance is
getting squeezed out of business by the big boys lined up at the public trough,"
the author writes.

Zimmerman's article has a flamboyant tone and a definite slant, but there's some
truth in it, said Tod Kimmelshue of Durham, who is on the board of directors of
the California Farm Bureau, an organization that promotes farmers' interests.

"There are abuses," he said. "Any time there's a program that gives money away,
there are abuses. It has to be revamped. I think there needs to be some way to
make it more equitable for small family farms."

This year, the stage may be set for major changes in the farm program.

The Bush administration seems to have "less and less appetite for direct
subsidies to farmers," Kimmelshue said.

And in Congress, the mood seems to favor reducing farm subsidies generally, said
Jack King, manager of national affairs for the California Farm Bureau.

Many sides pulling

Many different groups are interested in the new Farm Bill now under discussion
in Congress. Of course, farmers who grow various crops have strong opinions. But
so do some environmental groups, animal-rights activists, religious
organizations and people concerned about nutrition. Some conservative groups
oppose the subsidies, saying government shouldn't interfere with the free
market.

These factions are pressing Congress to write the new Farm Bill the way they
want it. Discussions of the new bill are heating up in Congress. The aim is to
have the bill ready for the president's signature before the current law expires
at the end of September.

One big issue for both farmers and politicians is which farmers should get
subsidies.

"Very, very few California farmers receive subsidies," said Kimmelshue. That's
because the payments go to growers of crops classified as commodities, such as
rice, cotton, soy beans, wheat and corn. These crops don't vary much in quality
and can be traded internationally. In California it's mainly rice and cotton
growers who get the payments.

Program under pressure

One proposed change in the bill would pay commodity growers less and give a
share of the subsidies to farmers who grow what are known as "specialty crops,"
such as lettuce, vegetables, fruit and nuts.

Rep. Dennis Cardoza, D-Merced, has written a bill that would make this change.
His plan wouldn't pay specialty-crop growers directly. Instead, funds would be
used to promote specialty crops' consumption and their sale overseas. It would
also require that more of this food go into free or reduced-cost school lunch
programs, which would benefit specialty-crop farmers and improve the diet of
students.

The Environmental Working Group has focused on tracking farm subsidies.
Information about who gets how much can be found in great detail on its Web
site: www.ewg.org.

Michelle Perez, a senior analyst with the Environmental Working Group, said her
organization is so interested in subsidies because some of the money goes for
conservation programs relating to agriculture.

Her group would like to see the Farm Bill money distributed more fairly, she
said. Because most of the money is tied to commodity production, some states,
like California, get less than their fair share of government money for
conservation, she said. "California is the biggest ag-producing state, but it
gets less conservation money than Texas and Iowa."

The Environmental Working Group also feels it's wrong that most of the farm-
subsidy money goes to the wealthiest farmers, she said. The program was set up
in the 1930s after many small farmers in the Dust Bowl lost their livelihood.
It's evolved into a program that protects farmers from changes in weather and in
their ability to profit from international trading.

Since the payments are based on how much is grown, the farmers who own the most
land generally get the largest payments.

Perez said EWG supports proposals made by the Secretary of Agriculture to limit
how much a farmer can receive, and to employ "means testing," where farmers
whose adjusted gross income was more than $200,000 would be ineligible to
receive subsidies.

At a recent congressional committee hearing about farm subsidies, one of those
testifying was Gene Baur, executive director of Farm Sanctuary, a national
animal-rights group that has one of its two bases of operations near Orland.

Baur said he'd like to see more of the farm-subsidy money go to small farmers.
Animals are generally treated better on small farms than on large "factory
farms," he said in a phone interview.Farm support from the government could
create incentives for farmers to sell their crops at local farmer's markets,
which would have health and environmental benefits, he added.

Link to world poverty

More than a dozen churches and faith-based organizations have formed what they
call the Religious Working Group on the Farm Bill and are pushing for a variety
of reforms concerning subsidies.

They want, "a farm bill that strengthens investment in communities in rural
America, ensures all Americans an adequate and nutritious diet, provides better
and more targeted support for U.S. farm families of modest means, conserves the
land for present and future generations ... and addresses the negative impact
current U.S. agricultural and trade have on people living in impoverished
countries around the world," states a press release from the National Council of
Churches.

An informational paper from the Presbyterian Church in the United States of
America explains that in some cases, farm subsidies encourage farmers to produce
more crops than normal, causing gluts in the world market, which send prices
tumbling. The artificially created low prices make it hard for farmers in
developing countries to earn a living, the paper says.

It notes that at the World Trade Organization, countries from the southern
hemisphere, led by Brazil, South Africa and India, have been calling on the
United States and Europe to reduce farm subsidies because of the advantage they
give their farmers in international trade.

A complex business

Farm subsidies are part of a complex of issues concerning food supply,
employment and national security, said Lal Singh, professor emeritus of
agricultural economics at Chico State University.

Subsidies are important because without them, many American farmers would go out
of business, he said. They can't raise crops as cheaply as farmers in some other
countries, where labor costs are very low.

Assemblyman Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale, agreed.

"No grower can support red ink," said LaMalfa, who, as a rice grower, receives
subsidies himself.

Farmers who participate in the farm-subsidy program do so because the crops they
grow are "undervalued," he said. The government payments move their operations
"from the red into the black. It's not so the black gets blacker. If (the
subsidy) wasn't there, you'd lose money."

Part of the reason farmers in developing countries can often raise the same
crops more cheaply than American farmers can is that they don't face the same
labor laws and environmental regulations, LaMalfa said.

Singh said he worries about subsidies being cut way back or eliminated and
America becoming dependent on foreign agriculture.

How can we be sure the crops we buy from other countries are safe, he asked. To
grow them, foreign farmers might use the very chemicals we ban as too dangerous.

Another worry, should America become dependent on foreign food, is that other
countries could cut the United States off for political or military reasons, he
said.

Rep. Wally Herger, R-Chico, said he's been involved for many years in
discussions of farm subsidies and the trading of agricultural products.

Many countries try to protect their farmers by putting high tariffs on crops
they import, he said. He'd like to see these trade barriers diminished or even
eliminated. If other countries would reduce their tariffs, America could reduce
its subsidies to farmers without harming them, he said.

He said the United States isn't the only country that subsidizes farmers. Japan,
South Korea and members of the European Union subsidize their farmers to a much
greater extent than the United States does.

As the ranking Republican on the trade subcommittee of the House Ways and Means
Committee, Herger said he's involved in setting policy for international
commerce.

"We're trying to break down the subsidies and have access to the markets," he
said. If trade agreements could be made with all countries, subsidies wouldn't
be needed," he said. But he added, "you can't unilaterally disarm. Our farms
would go broke."

Asked about the charge that American farm subsidies are unfair because big
farmers get most of the money, Herger suggested that is the way it should be. It
would be a mistake to encourage small farmers with subsidies because they aren't
as efficient as larger operations, he said.

What's ahead

So what's to be expected in the 2007 Farm Bill?

Some say it's likely the system of subsidies will just be "tweaked" a bit in one
direction or another.

Singh said it's simply not going to happen that a lot of money will go to
specialty-crop growers, who are numerous in California. The commodity growers,
found mostly in the South and the Midwest, are just too strong politically to
let that happen, he said.

Bill Walker, vice president of the Environmental Working Group's West Coast
office, said that after a decade of strong pressure from critics, the Farm Bill
is ripe for major changes.

"We're optimistic that this will be a breakthrough year," he said in a phone
interview.

LaMalfa said he's not sure how extensive the changes might be in the 2007 Farm
Bill.

"It could morph quite a bit into something else," he said. One reason is that
"it gets harder and harder to sell the Farm Bill to urban (congressional)
districts."

He looks for more money to go into incentives for farmers to follow
environmentally sound practices. It's likely growing more corn to make ethanol
will be promoted.

If farm subsidies were eliminated suddenly, a lot of north-valley farmers would
go broke, he said. If there were gradual reductions, many who rely on subsidies
would feel the squeeze, but they are resourceful and would find ways to cope.

As for his own rice farm in Richvale, LaMalfa said, "we intend to be here no
matter what comes of this."

Staff writer Larry Mitchell can be reached at 896-7759 or lmitchell@chicoer.com

BACKGROUND: Every five years, Congress must authorize a new Farm Bill, which
includes payments to farmers who grow what are called commodity crops. These
include rice, a staple of the north valley's agricultural economy.

WHAT'S NEW: As serious discussion of the 2007 Farm Bill begins in Congress,
pressures are building to change the formula for farm subsidies so that growers
of rice and other commodities would get less money.

WHAT'S NEXT: Congress intends to have a new bill ready for the president to sign
before the current law expires at the end of September.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 27, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Global Trade Body Rules Against U.S. On Cotton Subsidies

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH BECKER; Todd Benson, in Sao Paulo, Brazil, contributed
reporting for this article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1071 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 26


Brazil won a preliminary ruling at the World Trade Organization on Monday night
that could force the United States to lower the subsidies it pays farmers to
grow cotton and, eventually, most subsidized crops.

The decision supports Brazil's contention that the subsidies paid to American
cotton farmers violate international trade rules. A final ruling against the
United States could lead to stiff penalties if it fails to change its practices.
In another recent case involving steel, President Bush chose to remove subsidies
and therefore did not have to face the penalties.

The ruling also puts the Bush administration in a tight bind in an election
year, when Republicans are counting on support from the Farm Belt. The largest
American farmers have grown dependent on the $19 billion they receive in annual
subsidies.

If the final decision in June goes against the United States, the administration
is expected to appeal, if for no other reason than to delay action until after
the election. Nearly all preliminary opinions are eventually upheld by the
W.T.O.

As the first successful challenge of a wealthy nation's domestic agricultural
subsidies, the Brazilian case could also force the United States, the countries
of Europe and other well-to-do nations to act this summer and offer new
compromises at global trade talks that have been blocked over this agriculture
issue for more than a year.

The $300 billion in annual farm subsidies and supports paid by the world's
wealthiest nations have been the bane of Third World farmers. The United
Nations, the World Bank and charities like Oxfam have said their elimination or
reduction would provide the single biggest possible benefit for the economies of
poor countries with many subsistence farmers.

Brazilian officials said they brought the case against the United States out of
frustration, saying that all attempts by poorer nations to negotiate a reduction
of the subsidies had failed.

The ruling Monday night was not publicly disclosed, and the United States and
Brazil have agreed not to discuss the findings in detail until the final
decision is made in June. At a news conference in Brasilia, however, top
government officials said they were pleased and gratified with the ruling.

''This is a precedent; this is a war that must continue,'' said Roberto Azevedo,
the top legal adviser to Brazil's Foreign Ministry.

The Brazilians accused the United States of breaking trade rules that limit to
$1.6 billion the amount of subsidies it can pay American cotton growers every
year. The United States defended the additional financing as domestic subsidies
that do no harm to global markets.

But using data from the United States Department of Agriculture, Brazil argued
that the programs led to increased American cotton production that destroyed
Brazil's export markets and undermined the livelihoods of its farmers.

Without the subsidies, Brazil estimated that United States cotton production
would have fallen 29 percent and that American cotton exports would have dropped
41 percent. That would have led to a rise in international cotton prices of 12.6
percent, which would have helped Brazil's cotton farmers.

Brazil also said that the United States was providing illegal export subsidies
to American agribusinesses and manufacturers, who were given $1.7 billion to buy
American cotton.

Ken Cook, the president of the Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit
organization that posted a database of subsidies on its Web site that was used
by Brazil, said that the ruling was putting into question how the government
would pay subsidies in the future.

''This could mean problems for all domestic subsidy programs, for corn, wheat,
rice, everything that receives big direct payments from the United States
Treasury,'' he said.

A United States trade official said Monday night that the administration would
appeal the decision if the final report remained unchanged.

''United States farm programs were designed to be and are fully consistent with
our W.T.O. obligations,'' said the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity
because of the confidential nature of the ruling. ''We have serious concerns
with aspects of the panel report.''

American farmers have benefited handsomely from the expansion in world trade,
and their exports have exploded over the last years. One out of every three
acres in the United States are now planted for exports.

The cotton subsidies have helped make the United States the world's top cotton
exporter, with more than 40 percent of the world market.

Poor nations have long contended that this expansion is based unfairly on
subsidies that fuel overproduction and drive down world prices. Those prices do
not harm big farmers in the United States because they are subsidized by
American taxpayers.

The United States argued in its submission that its subsidies were not linked
directly to the production of cotton and, therefore, did not distort trade. But
the Monday night ruling threw that argument into doubt, thereby calling into
question the basis of much of the domestic agricultural subsidy system.

In its complaint, Brazil also accused the United States of additional unfair
subsidies -- including the federal farm program that pays American
agribusinesses and manufacturers $1.7 billion to buy the American cotton that is
already subsidized.

Brazil was joined in the W.T.O. case as third parties by Argentina, Australia,
Benin, Canada, Chad, China, the European Community, India, New Zealand,
Pakistan, Paraguay, Taiwan and Venezuela.

The existing subsidies for American cotton farmers -- $10 billion over seven
years -- were partly responsible for the breakdown in global trade talks in
Cancun, Mexico, in September.

West African countries, some of the poorest in the world, made cotton a test
case of the W.T.O.'s commitment to remove barriers to poor nations' ability to
trade their agricultural products. But the United States offered, instead, to
study the cotton issue and consider reducing subsidies as well as removing
nontariff and other trading barriers on cotton, synthetic fibers, textiles and
clothing.

With the United States and Europe vowing to revive those stalled trade talks
over the summer, the question of agricultural subsidies and supports, especially
now for cotton, will be back on the agenda. A compromise reached in trade talks
could be less painful than penalties from the cotton case.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Billionaires Received U.S. Farm Subsidies, Report Finds

BYLINE: By RON NIXON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 677 words


WASHINGTON -- The federal government paid $11.3 million in taxpayer-funded farm
subsidies from 1995 to 2012 to 50 billionaires or businesses in which they have
some form of ownership, according to a report released Thursday by the
Environmental Working Group, a Washington-based research organization.

The billionaires who received the subsidies or owned companies that did include
the Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen; the investment titan Charles Schwab; and
S. Truett Cathy, owner of Chick-fil-A. The billionaires who got the subsidies
have a collective net worth of $316 billion, according to Forbes magazine.

The Working Group said its findings were likely to underestimate the total farm
subsidies that went to the billionaires on the Forbes 400 list because many of
them also received crop insurance subsidies. Federal law prohibits the
disclosure of the names of individuals who get crop insurance subsidies, the
group said.

The report is being issued as members of the House and Senate are meeting to
come up with a new five-year farm bill. The authors of the report said it is
timely, given that lawmakers are debating a House proposal that would cut nearly
$40 billion over 10 years from the food stamp program, which helps provide food
for nearly 47 million people. A Senate provision would cut $4.5 billion over the
same period.

A report released Wednesday by the Center for American Progress, a left-leaning
research group, found that food stamps kept about five million people above the
poverty line last year. The food stamp program was cut by about $5 billion on
Nov. 1 when a provision in the 2009 stimulus bill that added funding for the
program expired.

''The irony is that farm subsidies are going to billionaires at the same time
that there are proposals to kick three to five million people off of food
stamps,'' said Scott Faber, vice president for government affairs at the
Environmental Working Group. ''This clearly highlights the need for reform to
our farm programs.''

Some of the company officials identified by the Working Group said they were
surprised to find their names in the report.

Don Millican, the chief financial officer at the Kaiser-Francis Oil Company in
Tulsa, Okla., which is owned by the oil and banking magnate George Kaiser, said
he did not know why the company was shown as receiving crop subsidies.

The Working Group report shows the oil company received about $17,500 in
subsidies for wheat, sorghum and barley from 1996 to 2003. Forbes puts Mr.
Kaiser's net worth at $10 billion.

''It's possible we could have gotten the surface rights to land that was being
farmed and that's why we were listed as getting subsidies,'' Mr. Millican said.
''It's rare, but it happens.''

Other companies listed in the report declined to discuss its findings.

Allen D. Israel, a lawyer for Kona Residence Trust in Seattle, which is owned by
Mr. Allen, said the company would not comment on its farm subsidies. Mr. Allen's
net wealth is estimated at $15.8 billion, according to Forbes.

The trust received about $14,426 in crop subsidies for barley from 1996 to 2006,
the Working Group's report said.

Mr. Faber said that one of the proposals he found most disturbing in the farm
bill would shift money from farm subsidy programs like direct payments, which
have income limits, to those like crop insurance, which do not. Other measures
would subject food stamp recipients to drug testing, work requirements and
income means-testing.

Unlike traditional farm subsidies, crop insurance premium subsidies are not now
subject to income requirements, payment limits or conservation compliance, the
Working Group found.

''So basically the bills would allow billionaires to get even more in subsidies,
all without taxpayers knowing who they are, while imposing draconian
requirements on low-income people,'' Mr. Faber said.

According to the Working Group's analysis, more than 40 billionaires own
properties where crops are grown that are among the most likely to be insured
through the federal program, including corn, soybeans, wheat, cotton and
sorghum.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/07/us/billionaires-received-us-farm-
subsidies-report-finds.html

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               November 04, 2015

Subsidy - Govt Approves N413 Billion for Oil Marketers

BYLINE: Daniel Adugbo

LENGTH: 515 words


The federal government has approved the immediate payment of N413 billion to oil
marketers as outstanding payment for subsidy claims.

This is the first subsidy payment to be made by the Buhari administration after
subsidy backlog inherited from the former government had climbed in excess of
N300bn and with fuel scarcity already hitting many states.

The Nigeria National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), in a statement yesterday by
its spokesman, Ohi Alegbe, said the payment was part of measures to eliminate
the noticeable fuel queues across some major cities in the country.

"It is our belief that with the outstanding payment due to oil marketers now
assured, the marketers and other downstream players will join hands with the
NNPC to guarantee that the nation remains wet with petroleum products all year
round," the Corporation said.

It also said it has injected additional volumes of petrol to enrich product
availability in the affected states.

Oil marketers had, in June this year, said they were still being owed over
N291bn subsidy claims.

At a time, only the NNPC was said to be importing petrol because members of the
Major Oil Marketers Association of Nigeria (MOMAN) had refused to import owing
to subsidy arrears owed them by the federal government.

MOMAN Executive Secretary, Obafemi Lawore, could not be reached when contacted
on the latest N413bn approval for its members.

A transition committee set up by President

Muhammadu Buhari shortly after he won the presidential election advised him to
end the fuel subsidy programme and privatise the nation's four refineries.

"I have received ... literature on the need to remove subsidies, but much of it
has no depth," Buhari had said.

Some analysts say the recent approval may be an indication that the president
has finally made up his mind to retain fuel subsidy.

A professor of Energy Economics, Prof. Adeola Adenikinju said it is high time
the government came out with a long-term policy that will address this issue
once and for all so that Nigerians will know that there is a road map.

"The President himself has said that subsidy is the only benefit Nigerians are
getting, so he seems reluctant to remove subsidy. As long as you have this kind
of signal, subsidy will continue. We don't even have money now; government is
complaining about no money, yet you are still paying huge subsidy to these
marketers," he said.

The Nigeria Programme Coordinator for the Natural Resource Governance Institute,
Dauda Garuba said what the government has done is paying debt that it owed
marketers and does not in any way represent a policy statement on what to do
with subsidy.

However, he said, "I strongly feel the Buhari administration needs to engage the
Nigerian public on what to do with subsidy across the board. Countries are
either dropping or rejigging subsidy."

Head of Research at Ecobank, Dolapo Oni said the government had no option but
pay the debts, "but the question is: where is the money going to come from? The
budget for this year only had N145bn for subsidy. So far, with this payment we
would have spent close to N700bn now."

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            February 27, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

SUPPORT TIGHTER CAPS ON FARM SUBSIDIES

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 467 words


Wisconsin is home to more dairy farmers than any other state. Wisconsin also
ranks among the top 10 states in corn production and the top 15 in soybean
production.

So how many Wisconsin farmers placed among the top 100 in the nation in
subsidies received in 2003, the most recent year for which data are available?

Zero.

How many placed in the top 500?

Zero.

How many placed in the top 1,000?

Zero.

In fact, Wisconsin never has any farmers placing anywhere near the top in farm
subsidies collected. That's why the state's congressional delegation should
vigorously support president Bush's proposal to cut back on subsidy payments to
the nation's biggest recipients.

Wisconsin's help will be needed to preserve the president's plan against the
opposition of an alliance of agricultural groups wedded to their huge federal
payments.

Current limits on farm subsidies are so inadequate that two-thirds of the nearly
$16 billion in payments in 2003 went to just 10 percent of the recipients. The
figures are somewhat deceptive because cooperatives can be listed as recipients
of huge amounts of money, when that money is actually passed on to farmers
responsible for the production. Nonetheless, the data demonstrate that weak
subsidy limits permit the biggest farms an almost unlimited reach into
taxpayers' pockets.

One exception is the dairy subsidy program, most important to Wisconsin. Dairy
subsidies are capped according to amount of milk produced, which prevents huge
dairy farms from dominating payments.

Wisconsin taxpayers are helping to finance the overall farm subsidy program, but
Wisconsin farms are not benefiting to the degree that big farms in other states
benefit. Here is one measure of the disadvantage Wisconsin is up against. The
top 129 recipients of farm subsidies in 2003 each received more than $1 million.
The top Wisconsin recipient, R.L. Bader & Sons of Monroe, received $368,000 and
barely placed in the top 1,500.

The plan President Bush proposed in his federal budget would cap the amount of
subsidy any single farmer can receive at $250,000 per year and to close many of
the loopholes that now permit farmers to exceed the existing limit of $360,000.

Placing tighter limits on subsidy payments to farmers would help to control
federal spending. It would also reduce the advantage that the current policy
gives to big farms over small farms. And it would reduce the advantage that
other states have on Wisconsin in tapping into the subsidy system.

However, the president's plan is already meeting stiff opposition, particularly
from big cotton growers and rice producers in the South, who are heavily
dependent upon subsidies.

It's in Wisconsin's interest to place a stricter limit on farm subsidies.
Wisconsin's elected officials should give the president's proposal the support
it deserves.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 8, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Harvesting Votes

BYLINE: Robert J. Samuelson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 1043 words


If government waste were an art form, the new farm bill would be the Mona Lisa.
The lavish agriculture subsidies have few redeeming social or economic values.
But as a work of politics, the bill is a masterpiece, and as with all
masterpieces, it exposes larger truths. We are now routinely told that excessive
private campaign contributions are corrupting Washington politics. The farm bill
says otherwise. American democracy (it turns out) is more interesting, intricate
and perhaps more corrupt than that.

Farm subsidies are a splendid example of old-fashioned politics: using public
money to buy votes. It's the quest for popularity and power, and not campaign
contributions, that matters. Under the new bill, the subsidies are estimated to
cost almost $ 200 billion over the next decade, or about $ 20 billion annually.
If farm prices (mainly for wheat, corn, soybeans and cotton) are lower than
expected, the subsidies will be higher. Similarly, higher farm prices would mean
lower subsidies.

The point is to stabilize farm incomes -- to prop them up in periods of low
prices and thereby save "family farming." The subsidies have existed in one form
or another for almost 70 years, and there's no evidence that they work. Farmers
and farm workers accounted for 21 percent of the labor force in 1929, before the
New Deal's first agriculture legislation. Their share today is about 2 percent,
even though the amount of land in farming is almost the same (1 billion acres in
1931, 932 million in 1997).

Bigger tractors, more fertilizer and better seed varieties and cultivation
methods have promoted farm consolidation and larger harvests. In the 1940s,
American farmers grew an average of 34 bushels of corn per acre; in 2001, the
average was four times that, 137 bushels an acre. Government subsidies simply
haven't been able to overcome the pressures for bigger and more efficient farms.

Indeed, the subsidies have perverse side effects. Higher subsidies boost land
values, because (like crops) they add to the land's cash-producing potential. In
turn, higher land prices and rentals mean higher costs for new farmers.
Similarly, farm subsidies stimulate production, which depresses prices. The
combination of higher costs and lower prices squeezes farm incomes.

The subsidies also hamper efforts to open foreign markets. Precisely because
American farmers are so productive, they need exports to absorb their surpluses.
But foreign markets are heavily protected by subsidies and high tariffs, because
farmers almost everywhere are a politically favored group. According to a recent
U.S. Agriculture Department study, the average food tariff around the world is
now 62 percent. It's hard to convince other countries to cut their subsidies and
tariffs if we won't cut our own.

The survival of farm subsidies, despite their huge shortcomings, partly reflects
political inertia. Once extended, government benefits are hard to withdraw. It
would seem "unfair," and farmers -- despite constant complaining about details
-- have become dependent on subsidies. The subsidies also endure because they're
protected by the "iron triangle" of congressional committees, interest groups
and government agencies (here, the Agriculture Department). Without farm
programs, all would be less important.

To sustain their power, farm legislators and lobbies "are willing to trade their
votes for almost anything," says economist David Orden of Virginia Tech, a
longtime student of farm politics. In Congress, farm legislation also includes
food stamps, a much more popular program with many more beneficiaries, now about
18 million. This makes it easier to attract the support of urban and suburban
legislators. There's something for everybody. (Indeed, the new legislation also
expands food stamps by restoring benefits to legal immigrants and liberalizing
some eligibility requirements.)

But what increasingly protects farm subsidies is political competition. With
Congress split -- and control of the House and Senate hanging on a few races --
swing voters must be courted. Both parties are in a bidding war. "They're
terrified," says veteran reporter Jerry Hagstrom, who covers farm legislation
for National Journal's CongressDaily. "Farm voters have a history of switching.
The key election that everyone remembers is 1986." President Reagan tried to
trim subsidies, and Republicans lost control of the Senate.

The result is much bipartisan hypocrisy. President Bush denounces excessive
government spending, but he's for the farm bill. Democrats such as Senate
Majority Leader Tom Daschle of South Dakota (a victor in that 1986 election)
condemn budget deficits, but they're enthusiasts for farm subsidies. The
controversies over this bill mainly involve which farmers get the most subsidies
and which politicians get the most credit. Perhaps some details reflect campaign
contributions. But Hagstrom minimizes their role: "The amount of money that any
one [farm] group gives is so very small compared to all contributions."

If you doubt this, play a game. Assume there are no campaign contributions.
"Reformers" have realized their dream of purging private money from politics.
Campaigns are publicly financed through government handouts to candidates. In
this idealized world, farm subsidies would almost certainly survive. All the
political props would still remain: the "iron triangle," the logrolling and the
keen party competition for votes.

The larger truths are at once reassuring and disturbing. What's reassuring is
that private money has not on the whole corrupted politics. By and large,
Congress and the president are trying to please and impress major groups of
voters. What's less reassuring is that this process also invites abuse. It's not
the buying of public influence with private money but just the reverse, on an
astounding scale.

For the 2000 election, total spending and private campaign contributions -- for
everything from school boards to the presidency -- came to about $ 4 billion
over two years. By contrast, here are the White House and Congress doling out up
to $ 20 billion a year to satisfy one tiny group of voters, with few (if any)
public benefits. If that's not corruption, what is it? Maybe, just democracy in
action.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                        February 25, 2000, Friday, FINAL

The government has no business giving grants to business: Myopic politicians and
greedy corporations are bellying up to the subsidy trough, making it ever more
difficult for Canada to develop a truly prosperous business sector.

BYLINE: Catherine Swift

SECTION: News; A17

LENGTH: 979 words


The current debate on government grants and subsidies brings to mind a saying --
when you rob Peter to pay Paul, you do so with the full support of Paul.

Sorry, Mr. Martin, nothing personal. The views of the business community on the
subsidy issue are divided into two camps. Small businesses have long opposed the
subsidy approach as a means of economic growth. The corporate sector, on the
other hand, has a long history of being only too pleased to take whatever
goodies governments are foolish enough to give them.

At the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, we have surveyed our small
business members many times on this issue, and their views have been strong and
consistent -- government subsidies are a very inequitable and inefficient use of
taxpayers' dollars. A 1999 survey revealed that only 11 per cent of respondents
supported subsidies as a means of improving productivity. For years, CFIB has
urged governments at all levels to stop this unfair, wasteful spending practice.
Small business doesn't want it, big business shouldn't get it.

Small business opposition to subsidies is based on solid ground. Firstly, high
taxes are levied on all taxpayers, while subsidies are enjoyed only by a few. In
business, the subsidy recipient is given an unfair advantage over his or her
unsubsidized competitor, financed in part by the tax dollars of that
unsubsidized competitor. As well, subsidies are rarely distributed on a rational
economic basis. At CFIB, we have frequently heard of a heavily subsidized new
business wiping out an unsubsidized competitor because no one bothered to check
whether the community could support another hotel, restaurant, hairdresser or
Wal-Mart. This is horribly unfair, and a blatant misuse of tax dollars.

Subsidies are very vulnerable to political influence, as we have seen in the
scandal around job grants from Human Resources Development Canada. Subsidies are
all too frequently distributed disproportionately to political friends, in the
ridings of elected members of the ruling party, and -- surprise, surprise --
have this strange tendency to peak just before elections. The considerable body
of research conducted on the ''bang for the subsidy buck'' reaches a number of
conclusions. One is that subsidies are always, to varying extents, an
inefficient use of taxpayers' dollars. Many subsidized projects have no rational
business or economic basis. The vast majority of businesses established or
bailed out in this way will either fail or move to a more appropriate
jurisdiction where they would have located in the first place had they not been
lured into a less workable location by subsidy dollars. Furthermore, many
businesses that receive subsidies would have established themselves or expanded
anyway, but they also correctly believe that if they did not accept the grant,
their competitor would and they'd be disadvantaged as a result.

Subsidies also create the ''grantrepreneur.'' This is the business that becomes
adept only at submitting grant applications, not at running an effective
enterprise. This sets up a very dangerous expectation on the part of some in the
business community that they will be bailed out, and therefore don't need to
worry too much about the basics of operating a competitive business. This
sentiment can become contagious, and is contrary to encouraging the
entrepreneurial mindset that we require in Canada if we are to prosper.

When we review all of the billions of dollars that have been devoted to business
subsidies over the years by various governments, another notable feature is that
the lion's share of this money has gone to large companies, many of them
subsidiaries of foreign-owned multinationals. Most Canadian taxpayers would be
pretty irate if they knew the true extent to which they are subsidizing
foreign-owned companies, many of which do not create any net jobs in Canada. In
fact, job shedding has been the rule for the corporate sector for some time now.

Yet from the standpoint of small businesses that are creating the vast majority
of new jobs and growth in this country, it is especially galling to see their
tax dollars make it possible for larger firms to enjoy generous handouts.

Of course, it is simplistic to believe subsidies can be eliminated. Almost all
developed nations subsidize businesses, and it is unrealistic to expect Canada
to be the only purist. But we will never be able to compete in this mug's game
with the United States, Europe and others, so why not try to carve out our own
competitive advantage? The ideal scenario for small business is to eliminate all
subsidies to business to the maximum extent possible, and redistribute the
savings fairly in the form of a tax cut, so that all taxpayers benefit.

There is one huge impediment to this taking place -- politicians. The ability to
access large piles of someone else's cash and shovel it out as they choose is a
dearly beloved aspect of politics that will not be sacrificed without a fight.
The HRDC fiasco is just an especially blatant example of what has gone on in
government circles for years, and will continue unless Canadian voters demand
change.

If enough Canadians were to join those of us in the small business community and
advocate for meaningful reform, we would have a fighting chance to establish
policies that might not please the partisans, but would benefit the vast
majority of taxpayers and establish a better foundation for economic growth and
prosperity.

The basic thrust should be that of promoting a more entrepreneurial mentality
among Canadians, encompassing values such as independence, self-reliance, making
a contribution to society and enlarging the economic pie for everyone, not just
squabbling about how to divide it.

Catherine Swift is chief executive of the Canadian Federation of Independent
Business.


LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: Tom Hanson, The Canadian Press / Despite the
policies of Finance Minister Paul Martin and Prime Minister Jean Chretien ,
subsidies are bad for business.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

LG Electronics to benefit from subsidy cap revision

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 427 words


LG Electronics will benefit from an expected subsidy cap revision next month,
industry sources said Friday.

On Thursday, the nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s top telecom regulator hinted at the
possibility that it will raise the current subsidy cap of 330,000 won ($276)
amid rising demands from customers for such an increase.

â[#x20ac]oeThe latest move is a good sign for LG Electronics, as the increase
translates into decreased prices for mobile phones,â[#x20ac] said Kim Young-in,
an analyst at KTB Investment and Securities. â[#x20ac]oeCurrently, customers
prefer to buy smartphones with more subsidies.â[#x20ac]

Korea Communications Commission (KCC) chief Choi Sung-joon said it will
carefully consider the demand for the subsidy cap increase and review all the
parts that need a revision.

This came days after the nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s second-largest electronics maker
requested that the watchdog abolish the subsidy cap regulation, claiming it is
jeopardizing smartphone manufacturers in the domestic market.

â[#x20ac]oeThe subsidy cap regulation should be revised in a way to encourage
more competition from mobile carriers,â[#x20ac] said Cho Sung-ha, senior vice
president for domestic marketing at LG Electronics, during the annual National
Assembly audit this month.

The KCC introduced the Mobile Device Distribution Improvement Act on Oct. 1 last
year, setting an upper limit for subsidies at 300,000 won. The act was
stipulated to prevent overheated competition from the nationâ[#x20ac][TM]s
mobile carriers which excessively raised subsidies to attract more customers.
The act stipulates the upper limit can be readjusted every six months, ranging
from 250,000 won to 350,000 won.

In April, the KCC increased the cap to 333,000 won to meet the growing demands
for more subsidies. Expectations are that the subsidy cap can be raised again
next month.

An industry source said the electronics giant may see better performance
following the expected subsidy cap increase.

â[#x20ac]oeIt is likely the KCC raises the cap as there is strong demand from
customers,â[#x20ac] said the source who also asked not to be named.
â[#x20ac]oeIt will leave the company in a better position.â[#x20ac]

Another source from the telecom industry said, â[#x20ac]oeThe key is how much
the subsidy cap can be raised. If the subsidy cap is raised dramatically, LG
Electronics may benefit a lot.â[#x20ac]

But Given that the watchdog raised the maximum amount of subsidy in April only
30,000 won, it is not likely that KCC will greatly increase the subsidy next
month, he said.

As the maximum subsidy limit is only 350,000 won, they say it may be hard for
the company to see â[#x20ac]oedramatic improvementâ[#x20ac] in its performance.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               TODAY (Singapore)

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday
                                  APM Edition

Govt commits S$4b to premium subsidies

BYLINE: Laura Elizabeth Philomin

SECTION: HNP; Singapore; Editors Pick; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 486 words



HIGHLIGHT: About S$850 million will be spent over 5 years to bring those with
pre-existing conditions into scheme


SINGAPORE - To ensure all Singaporeans will be able to afford their MediShield
premiums next year, the Government will be committing close to S$4 billion over
the next five years to premium subsidies and other forms of support.

This will include transitional subsidies for the first four years to ease the
shift from MediShield to MediShield Life, estimated to cost S$830 million.

About S$430 million per year will be spent on the three main permanent features
of MediShield Life, namely premium subsidies, Pioneer Generation subsidies and
additional premium support. To ensure universal coverage for all citizens, the
Government will also spend about S$850 million over five years to bring those
with pre-existing conditions into the scheme.

Covering lower- to middle-income households, premium subsidies will be tiered
according to age and income levels. Lower-middle-income individuals aged below
40 and with a  monthly per capita household income between S$1,101 and S$1,800
can expect a 20 per cent subsidy on their premiums. Lower-income residents aged
between 61 and 75 will get higher subsidies of 35 per cent. Permanent residents
(PRs) will be eligible for only half of these premium subsidies.

Pioneers will enjoy special premium subsidies of between 40 and 60 per cent,
with additional Medisave top-ups of up to S$800, which can be used to pay for
premiums. While all pioneers will pay less for MediShield Life premiums than
what they are currently paying, pioneers aged 80 and above this year will have
their premiums fully covered after premium subsidies and Medisave top-ups.

The transitional subsidies will be scaled down in phases. Starting from the
first year in 2015, the Government will subsidise 80 per cent of the increase in
premiums after taking into account any premium subsidies a person is eligible
for. Subsequently, the transitional subsidy will be scaled down to 60, 40 and 20
per cent over the next three years.

With premium subsidies and first-year transitional subsidies in 2015, the
maximum premium increase will be less than S$3 per month for the lower income
and no more than S$6 per month for the higher income.

For those aged between 31 and 40 in the lower-middle-income group, premiums will
increase from their current S$9 per month to S$11, while lower-income
Singaporeans between 51 and 60 will see a rise from S$29 to S$30.

Even after the transitional subsidies end in 2019, the MediShield Life Review
Committee said premiums for most households will still remain within Medisave
contributions.

Additional premium support on a case-by-case basis will also be given to the
needy.

Speaking at a press conference, MediShield Life Review Committee chairman Bobby
Chin said: "If you truly cannot afford, the Government will support, just like
Medifund. And therefore something similar will be committed by the Government.
They have given the assurance that no Singaporean will be left out."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 MediaCorp Press Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Iran commentary discusses strategies for implementing targeted subsidies law

LENGTH: 1551 words


Text of commentary written by Reza Bakhshiani entitled "three different
approaches to targeted subsidies" published by the privately-owned business
newspaper Donya-ye Eqtesad on 21 January

The discussion on targeted subsidies has been transformed into one of the most
fundamental discussions of the government's economic policymaking. Taking into
account that at the time being, the increase in the currency exchange rate has
caused the volume of hidden subsidies paid by the government to increase in
comparison with previous years, the importance of this discussion from the
economic perspective is no less than it was at time of the beginning of phase
one of the plan.

First Goal: Economic Redistribution

One of the key questions in the discussion on targeted subsidies is its goal.
Specifying the goal of this plan has importance from the perspective of
selecting the criteria of measurement for the best implementation process of the
plan. Perhaps one of the most important goals of the targeted subsidies law is
the shape that a mechanism for economic redistribution in taking and in which
the deprived groups of society can enjoy greater advantages. Prior to this, the
process of paying subsidies in an indirect and covert way made it so that
households that had a greater usage of goods also received greater subsidies
payments. If the goal of economic policymaking is income redistribution and the
increase of the welfare of the deprived groups in society, in this case the
payment of cash subsidies to these subsidies has greater utility. However, the
main problem in this approach is the very identification of deprived households,
especially in the border areas of income quintiles, in which even assuming
sufficient economic data can create the grounds for the dissatisfaction of
various classes. In addition to that, the form of payment of cash subsidies and
whether these subsidies are only paid to the head of the household or to
individual members of the households, also raise questions. Economic studies
that have been done in this field show those different processes for paying cash
subsidies have different economic results.

Second Goal: Increasing Quality of Public Services

Another goal of the targeted subsidies law considered by the policymakers is
funding budget shortages and improving the level of public services of the
government. In the study of economics, the government is recognized as the
provider of public goods. Public goods in the economic definition are goods
which the private sector does not have sufficient motivation to produce, and for
which no market for the exchange and discovery of prices thereof exists. As
examples, security, public education, public healthcare, infrastructural
services, and ... [ellipsis as received] are all counted in the category of
public goods and governments are obligated to supply them. One of the issues
that are publicly raised by economic experts in relation to Iran's economy is
the low quality and quantity of public goods supplied by the government.

For example, in the field of healthcare services, an important portion of the
costs of healthcare are paid by the people and the government in this regard
takes responsibility for the smallest role. Likewise, in the field of security
services and judicial services, evidence shows that the quality of services
provided to the people is low, and the level of public dissatisfaction is
relatively high. In contrast, because of the number of government firms, the
government acts as a producer of private goods in Iran's economy and has limited
the atmosphere for the activity of the private sector. Therefore, one of the key
goals of the targeted subsides law can be improving the quantity and quality of
public services supplied by the government. In this approach, incomes derived
from the plan can be redistributed through the paths of strengthening and
reforming the social security system, improving retirement pensions, providing
greater coverage of healthcare and medicine expenses, developing and improving
the value of the public education system, and ... [ellipsis as received]. The
advantage of this process over the process of paying cash subsidies is a better
identification of target groups, taking into consideration the types of consumer
services. For example, in this process, people who have fallen ill and those who
require healthcare services will derive a greater advantage.

Third Goal: Oil Belongs to All

Another viewpoint in the discussion of targeted subsidies exists, and it has led
to the formation of a different goal. This is the view of the oil industry as an
asset for all Iranian citizens. In this view, oil resources belong to all
citizens of the country and the goal of the government should only be the equal
distribution of oil incomes to all the citizens, beyond any form of political
preferences. The modus operandi of the 10th government in the first phase of the
targeted subsidies law, in contradiction to the slogans that they gave, can be
considered closer to this type of viewpoint. In this view, the goal is not the
redistribution of incomes with the goal of greater welfare for the deprived
classes, but rather a distribution of the public wealth of the country that
belongs to all of the citizens. The criticism that is publicly levelled against
this approach is that it is governed by a short-term view of the country's
capitals and only views this capital as a means for securing current and daily
expenses. Although a relative commonality exists between the process of the
implementation of this approach with the first approach - paying cash subsidies
to deprived classes - nonetheless, we should pay attention to the fact that in
the philosophy of the two approaches, an obvious difference meets the eye. In
the first approach, the goal is improving the level of welfare and the financial
power of the deprived classes of society as a means of making them have greater
utility of goods and services, including recreation, exercise, foodstuffs, and
... [ellipsis as received]. The result thereof will be a sensitive decrease in
class conflict and the level of inequality in society. Nevertheless, in the
third approach, the goal is the distribution of national assets in an equal way
to all citizens, regardless of any form of political preferences, which in and
of itself will have different economic effects.

In the period of transition between the first and second phases of
implementation of the targeted subsidies law...

Taking into account the above content and the existing situation of the country,
this author's view is that cutting off the current subsidies for some income
quintiles is not an appropriate policy. This is because of the implementation
process of phase one of the targeted subsidies law and the form of
advertisements and promising slogans given by the 10th government - which
naturally created expectations in society for the 11th government. Naturally,
when a right is given to a group of citizens within society, taking that right
back will have other costs in its wake, and one of these costs can be a decrease
in the public's confidence in the promises and the policies of economic
policymakers. For this reason, this author believes that the 11th government
should, while preserving the current processes and levels of subsidies payments,
reform its own process in the next phases of the targeted subsidies law,
focusing on the second approach. Hence, the quantity and quality of the
government's public services will improve in a concrete way, with priorities
given to social security services, healthcare and medicine, public education
services, services in the field of public security, and judicial services. To
achieve this goal, the sole distribution of the incomes derived from targeted
subsidies to these fields is not sufficient. Because of the formation of
monopolies and the great presence of the government in the role of an economic
institution, the level of inefficiency and ineffectiveness in these fields is
high. In reality, the form of the payment of subsidies related to healthcare and
medicine costs, public education services, and ... [ellipsis as received] to
households consuming these services should itself be purposeful and intelligent,
so that in these fields, policymakers can achieve a successful global trade. In
the author's view, the second approach should be based on the actions of
economic policymakers in the next phase of the targeted subsidies law.
Nevertheless, taking into account the operation of phase one of the targeted
subsidies, it is better that policymakers consider policies directed to the
first approach in the transition period of the implementation of the targeted
subsidies law. A considerable portion of the deprived classes are under the
coverage of institutions such as welfare and the Imam Khomeini (may God have
mercy on him) Relief Foundation, the provision of a basket of supporters - such
as a special basket of foodstuffs, a bin for the purchase of goods, and ...
[ellipsis as received]. This way, the transition period of the implementation of
targeted subsidies can result in the relative satisfaction of these classes
until the positive and long-term effects of this plan are achieved.

Source: Donya-ye Eqtesad website in Persian 21 Jan 14

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            January 8, 2013, Tuesday

Politics favor preserving the status quo;
The U.S. economy cries out for change, as in farm subsidies

BYLINE: Robert Samuelson

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 873 words


WASHINGTON - Symbolic of the debate we're not having about government's size and
role - the essence of the deficit problem - is the future of farm subsidies.
Running $10 billion to $15 billion annually, they don't do much good.

For starters, they haven't saved small farms. Since the 1930s, when subsidies
began, the number of farms is down 70 percent.

Nor do farmers need subsidies to stay profitable. Farmers' income for 2011 and
2012 ($135 billion and $133 billion, respectively) were the highest and second
highest ever and would have been without subsidies.

Once upon a time, subsidies could be cast as an antidote for above-average
instability.

Farmers faced floods, droughts, insects and wild price swings. Subsidies
smoothed their incomes. Other sectors were more stable.

This is no longer true. Technological upheaval and foreign competition have
convulsed countless industries and their workers: autos, steel, entertainment,
newspapers and many more. Farmers aren't unique.

Government support for agricultural research and food safety can be justified.
But direct subsidies to farmers can't.

If subsidies ended tomorrow, wheat would still be grown in Kansas. Subsidies
qualify as "low hanging fruit" in cutting federal spending.

What's instructive is that no one is doing it.

Over the years, Congress has played a shell game. When one subsidy appears
unwarranted, it's erased and replaced with another. Thus, we've had set-asides,
price supports, direct payments, counter-cyclical payments and more.

The shell game continues. The Senate Agriculture Committee eliminated "direct
payments" and diverted most savings into a new subsidy ("agriculture risk
coverage") and expanded crop insurance.

Crop insurance sounds sensible; it cushioned the effect of last year's drought.

But as economist Bruce Babcock of Iowa State University shows, it's mainly
another arcane way to funnel money to farmers. It protects not only against
natural disasters but also against normal price fluctuations that could be
hedged in futures markets.

Premiums are heavily subsidized, as are the expenses of insurance companies.

With subsidized premiums, farmers buy lavish protection. Even before the
drought, federal spending on crop insurance went from $1.5 billion in 2002 to
$7.4 billion in 2011, Babcock reports.

In Congress, ending subsidies is unthinkable. The Senate's legislation would
trim existing levels. Still, the combined cost of direct subsidies and crop
insurance under the new legislation would average $14 billion annually from 2013
to 2022, estimates the Congressional Budget Office.

Hardly anyone asks basic questions.

Would we create these programs today? Why subsidize farming if it would do fine
without subsidies?

Indeed, meat and vegetable production is largely unsubsidized; subsidies apply
mainly to grains.

Politics fosters inertia. People feel entitled. Farmers like their payments.

Subsidies raise agricultural land values and, for absentee landlords, the rents
that can be charged.

Farm groups protect these benefits with lobbyists and campaign contributions.
Congressional farm committees' power rests on their control of subsidies.

Farm subsidies are a metaphor for our larger predicament. We no longer have the
luxury - as we did for decades - of carrying marginal, ineffectual or wasteful
programs.

We can no longer afford subsidies for those who don't need them or, at least,
don't need so many of them (including affluent Social Security and Medicare
recipients).

If we can't eliminate the least valuable spending, then we will be condemned to
perpetually large deficits, huge tax increases or indiscriminate cuts in many
federal programs, the good as well as the bad.

Despite a deficit obsession, Americans still seem ill informed about the
magnitude of the gaps.

A recent CBO report is illuminating. Even with a full economic recovery, current
policies imply annual deficits over the next decade averaging 5 percent of the
economy (gross domestic product); by 2022, federal debt to GDP would hit 90
percent (the 2007 figure: 36 percent).

Balancing the budget in 2020 would require $1 trillion of spending cuts or tax
increases.

The recent "fiscal cliff" agreement hardly alters these forecasts because it
closes only about 8 percent of the next decade's projected deficits, estimates
the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget.

Government needs reappraisal. Programs shouldn't be immortal in the face of
changing economic and social conditions. What's no longer justified should be
discarded.

Unfortunately, President Obama has evaded and discouraged this discipline.
Republicans emphasize spending control, but are often hypocritical on specifics.

Politics favors the status quo.

Economics calls for change.

Farm subsidies are but one example.

As the CBO observes: "Very few policy changes, taken individually, can shrink
the deficit [sharply]. . . . Significant deficit reduction is likely to require
a combination of policies, many of which may stand in stark contrast to policies
now in place."

Still, agriculture would be a good starting point.

In 2013, Congress will continue debating a farm bill. It would be refreshing, if
surprising, to see subsidies phased out because - whatever their historical
justification - they're no longer needed.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

Portishead pool still on chopping block despite £1.2m spent on other leisure
facilities;
North Somerset Council is spending more than £1.2 million each year subsidising
the running costs of its nine leisure centres.

BYLINE: Heather Pickstock h.pickstock

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 451 words


The council revealed this week that it was paying £1.23m in subsidies to run its
leisure centres in Clevedon, Portishead, Backwell, Nailsea and
Weston-super-Mare.

The council also pays staff costs of £143,910 and a maintenance cost of £90,370
on top of the annual subsidies.

The council operates four other dual-use leisure centres at Gordano School,
Portishead, Clevedon Community School, Churchill Sports Centre at Churchill
School and Wyvern School in Weston-super-Mare.

The subsidy figures are contained in a report which has been put together by the
authority as part of a review into all the council's leisure and cultural
services. Portishead Open-Air Pool has not been included in the general review
and instead, has been the subject of a separate investigation by councillors.

The news that the council is paying nearly £1.5m annually to operate its leisure
centres comes at the same time as its leaders are considering closing the
Portishead pool, claiming it costs council £130,000 each year and is subsidising
each visit by £14.71.

The cost per visit at the other centres is much lower because they are open all
day and into the evening all year round, have a wider range of sporting
facilities and attract more users.

The open-air pool is only open for 18 weeks, shuts at lunchtime for 90 minutes
and is closed in the evening.

Council chiefs have ruled out closing any of the centres to save cash, claiming
they "make a major contribution to the overall health and well being of the
local communities in North Somerset".

A Save the Open-Air Pool (STOP) campaign, backed by the Evening Post, has been
launched to save Portishead's lido from closure by putting it in the hands of a
trust.

STOP leader Roger Whitfield said: "I agree the subsidy for the open-air pool is
too high, but that is because the council has managed it badly and it is not
maximising its potential. What we have to remember is the outdoor pool is only a
pool. If it was run properly, with better facilities and an extended season
there is no reason why the subsidy couldn't be reduced to the same levels as
these other facilities."

How the subsdies breakdown.

Backwell Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £142,400. Number of visits: 112,826. Subsidy
per visit: £1.26

Hutton Moor Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £258,370. Number of visits: 561,539.
Subsidy per visit: 46p

Parish Wharf Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £205,470. Number of visits: 187,024:
Subsidy per visit: £1.09

Scotch Horn Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £83,470. Number of visits: 80,617. Subsidy
per visit: £1.03

Strode Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £181,000. Number of visits: 124,794. Subsidy per
visit: £1.45

Portishead Open Air Pool: Subsidy: £130,000. Number of visits: 8,802. Subsidy
per visit: £14.71.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2008 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 2, 1992 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

THE FARMERS AND MR BUSH

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 564 words


AUSTRALIAN farmers can protest all they like. The US will not cut its farm
subsidies unless the Europeans cut theirs. And despite hopes of an
11th-hour"breakthrough" on the GATT, Europe's politicians are certainly not
ready to dump their farmers. The EC's Common Agricultural Policy was created as
a result of domestic political pressure. Only when European opinion turns
against the Common Agricultural Policy will Europe's politicians begin to
dismantle it.

The same, of course, is broadly true of the protection and subsidies heaped on
US farmers. They are the result of domestic political pressure to protect the
incomes of farmers. They will be reduced only when domestic political
circumstances permit. But obviously a reduction in Europe's farm subsidies would
help. It would cut agricultural production in Europe and lead to increased
production and profits for US farmers. That would provide the political
opportunity for the US Government to at least reduce the export subsidies
provided through the Export Enhancement Program.

So, what will cause the Europeans to cut their farm subsidies? Nothing that the
Americans are ever likely to do. Certainly, the Export Enhancement Program won't
bring down the Common Agricultural Policy. The cost to Europe of an agricultural
trade war with the US can be spread, in the form of higher food prices, across
European consumers so as to be hardly noticeable. That's part of the Australian
farmers' complaint: the US Export Enhancement Program has not deterred the EC
from dumping its produce onto world markets. Indeed, the EC has increased its
share of the world wheat market. The US export subsidies have mainly hit
Australia and Argentina and the other efficient agricultural exporters. The real
pressure to end European farm subsidies will have to come from within Europe
itself.

And so it will, eventually. A subsidy to one sector of the economy is the same
as a tax on the other sectors. The EC's farm subsidies have allowed the rural
sector to expand at the expense of more efficient manufacturing and service
industries. The cost in lost economic growth and unemployment has been quite
high. One respected study suggests that European unemployment is about 1 million
higher than it would be if there were no Common Agricultural Policy. When
European manufacturers and unions realise the cost to them of farm subsidies,
they will put pressure on Europe's politicians to wind back the subsidies.
(Unfortunately, that may take quite some time. After all, it took 20 years to
persuade the Australian public of the insanity of protecting our inefficient
manufacturing industries.)

In the meantime, the complaints of Australian farmers to visiting American and
European politicians are likely to have very little effect. Senator Evans says
it is "crucial" for President Bush to be made aware of the effect of the US
subsidies on Australian farmers. Perhaps it is, but Australian farmers would be
even better employed demonstrating to Australian politicians about things that
they can influence. Australia can't make Europe or the US reduce their farm
subsidies but it can reduce the unnecessary costs imposed on Australian farmers
by inefficient railways and the like. The farmers should be pushing for more
micro-economic reform in Australia - to cut their costs to allow them to compete
against the subsidised output of Europe and the US.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            September 7, 1998 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Govt continues to prop up failing industries;
Tokyo Observed

BYLINE: Tony Boyd

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 838 words


In international forums and bilateral discussions about deregulation and
economic rejuvenation, Japan readily admits to the need for widespread
restructuring of its inefficient industries.

In reality the Japanese Government is using subsidies to prop up low
productivity industries which many economists believe should either be allowed
to fail or must restructure to stand on their own resources.

A guide to the failing industries of Japan can be found in the Ministry of
Labour's list of sectors currently receiving employment adjustment subsidies.

There are two types of employment adjustment subsidies which are paid by the
ministry to cover the wages of workers who do not come to work on a certain
number of days each month.

Special employment adjustment subsidies are paid to sectors of the economy that
have shown more than a 10 per cent drop in sales during the preceding six months
compared with the same period in any of the past three years.

As of September 1, there were 71 sectors of the Japanese economy which qualified
for special employment adjustment subsidies. There were 100,000 eligible
companies in those sectors with a total of 658,000 employees.

The second type of employment subsidy adjustment is for sectors that have
recorded more than a 5 per cent drop in year-on-year sales during the preceding
three months.

As of September 1, there were 97 sectors in this category covering 76,000
companies and 1.5 million workers.

The failing industries tend to be found in the special adjustment subsidy
category. These include industries such as textiles, clothing, footwear,
leathergoods, frozen marine products, cement and ceramics.

These industries suffer from excess production capacity, have low productivity
compared with international standards and have managers who are unwilling to
make hard decisions on restructuring.

The current recession has exposed other industries in need of restructuring
which are now receiving government subsidies for their workers.

Included in this list are construction machinery, aluminium refining, steel
products, and sectors involved in supplying building materials and steel making.

The employment subsidies for steel making come at a time when the industry is
under attack from the United States for its exceptionally high growth in steel
exports.

US steel makers are this week expected to appeal to the US Department of
Commerce and the International Trade Commission in Washington to take action
against Japanese steel mills for dumping in the US.

The Japanese steel industry, including industry leader Nippon Steel, was given
approval for employment adjustment subsidies in June this year. The Ministry of
Labour says the industry was entitled to the subsidies to help it achieve a soft
landing during Japan's recession.

It argues that industries in long-term decline need subsidies to give them time
to retrain their workers, and at least three-quarters of big corporations and
four-fifths of small businesses are using subsidies for retraining.

There is no ceiling on the amount of employment adjustment subsidy that can be
paid to any one company but the assistance cannot exceed 200 business days each
year.

In the steel industry, workers at particular plants are told not to come to work
on certain days each month and on those days their wages are effectively paid
for by the Government.

The depth of the Japanese recession has prompted the Government to extend the
employment adjustment subsidy system beyond specific industries to cover
geographic areas.

As of July this year, three municipalities in Hokkaido Prefecture - Hakodate,
Asahikawa and Kushiro - have been declared emergency employment stabilisation
areas.

Other municipalities in the emergency employment stabilisation category are
Hachinohe in Aomori Prefecture and Kurume in Fukuoka Prefecture.

Companies operating in these municipalities are entitled to employment
adjustment subsidies. In addition, job seekers are entitled to special payments
as are workers aged between age 45 and age 60.

Employment subsidies have been a feature of Japanese industry support for more
than 20 years. Demand for the service peaked in fiscal 1975 when the subsidy
covered 7.2 million workers.

In more recent years the subsidy system peaked in September 1994 when 5.8
million workers were covered. The total cost to the Government of the scheme in
fiscal 1994 was 65 billion yen ($830 million).

Demand for the subsidies and the overall cost are expected to hit new highs next
year as the impact of the recession broadens.

However, there are calls from within Japan to scrap the system and force
companies facing financial difficulties to meet their wages bills themselves or
restructure.

Professor Sawako Takeuchi, a member of Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi's strategic
economic council, says the employment adjustment subsidy system is prolonging
Japan's period of low economic growth.

"I think Japanese industry is far too reliant on public money," she says. "It's
crazy to ask the Government to subsidise employment in the private sector."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: Steel exports to the US quarterly 1997-1998. Source: Ministry of
Finance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Prices of urea likely to rise up to Rs1600/bag

LENGTH: 448  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Jan. 13 -- With the government's surprising move to withdraw subsidy on
fertilizers that was provided in the last Federal Budget, there is a high
likelihood of increase in urea's Maximum Retail Price (MRP) by Rs200/bag to
Rs1,600/bag.

According to industry sources, there is a strong possibility of increase in
urea's MRP by Rs200/bag to Rs1, 600/bag to compensate for the withdrawal of cash
subsidy, Rs156/bag, and the hit manufacturers agreed to take at the time of
subsidy announcement Rs50/bag.

Uncertainty has shrouded the fertilizer sector after the government's
notification to withdraw subsidy on fertilizers that was provided in the last
Federal Budget. Initially it was unclear whether the notification was applicable
on both cash subsidy and sales tax subsidy, resulting in battering of fertilizer
stocks at the bourse. However, clarity emerged later that the government has
withdrawn only the cash subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP (i.e. Rs156/300/91 per bag,
respectively) with subsidized sales tax of 5 percent i.e.Rs186/bag intact.

Commenting on the new reports that the Punjab government is likely to provide
subsidy to the farmers, Syeda Humaira Akhtar, an analyst at JS Research, said
that this is highly unlikely as it will be practically impossible for a province
to provide subsidy due to issues like smuggling between provinces, while the CM
Punjab has also requested the federal government to restore the withdrawn
subsidy.

However, manufacturers may keep selling Urea at a discount to MRP at around
Rs1,500/bag (currently Urea selling price ranges between Rs1200-1300/bag vs. MRP
of Rs1400/bag) - which still be an effective increase of Rs200/bag.

Earlier, in a surprise move, the Ministry of National Food Security and Research
issued a notification for cancellation of subsidy provided to fertilizer sector
in the Budget FY17, with immediate effect. Government had provided subsidy of
Rs156/bag on urea along with reduction in GST to 5% from standard 17%, Rs300/bag
on DAP, (3) Rs91/bag on SSP, (4) Rs130/bag on NP and (5) Rs88/bag on CAN in
June-2016; of which the subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP has now been withdrawn.

"Increase in Urea/DAP retail prices post-subsidy removal will dampen future
offtake amid outgoing peak demand season and poor farm economics. Moreover,
declining volumes means piling up inventory, which can further intensify the
price competition among urea manufacturers leading to pressure on margins and
hence reduced bottom line", said Ms Akhtar.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Prices of urea likely to rise up to Rs1600/bag

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 13

LENGTH: 412  words


With the government's surprising move to withdraw subsidy on fertilizers that
was provided in the last Federal Budget, there is a high likelihood of increase
in urea's Maximum Retail Price (MRP) by Rs200/bag to Rs1,600/bag.

According to industry sources, there is a strong possibility of increase in
urea's MRP by Rs200/bag to Rs1, 600/bag to compensate for the withdrawal of cash
subsidy, Rs156/bag, and the hit manufacturers agreed to take at the time of
subsidy announcement Rs50/bag.

Uncertainty has shrouded the fertilizer sector after the government's
notification to withdraw subsidy on fertilizers that was provided in the last
Federal Budget. Initially it was unclear whether the notification was applicable
on both cash subsidy and sales tax subsidy, resulting in battering of fertilizer
stocks at the bourse. However, clarity emerged later that the government has
withdrawn only the cash subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP (i.e. Rs156/300/91 per bag,
respectively) with subsidized sales tax of 5 percent i.e.Rs186/bag intact.

Commenting on the new reports that the Punjab government is likely to provide
subsidy to the farmers, Syeda Humaira Akhtar, an analyst at JS Research, said
that this is highly unlikely as it will be practically impossible for a province
to provide subsidy due to issues like smuggling between provinces, while the CM
Punjab has also requested the federal government to restore the withdrawn
subsidy.

However, manufacturers may keep selling Urea at a discount to MRP at around
Rs1,500/bag (currently Urea selling price ranges between Rs1200-1300/bag vs. MRP
of Rs1400/bag) - which still be an effective increase of Rs200/bag.

Earlier, in a surprise move, the Ministry of National Food Security and Research
issued a notification for cancellation of subsidy provided to fertilizer sector
in the Budget FY17, with immediate effect. Government had provided subsidy of
Rs156/bag on urea along with reduction in GST to 5% from standard 17%, Rs300/bag
on DAP, (3) Rs91/bag on SSP, (4) Rs130/bag on NP and (5) Rs88/bag on CAN in
June-2016; of which the subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP has now been withdrawn.

"Increase in Urea/DAP retail prices post-subsidy removal will dampen future
offtake amid outgoing peak demand season and poor farm economics. Moreover,
declining volumes means piling up inventory, which can further intensify the
price competition among urea manufacturers leading to pressure on margins and
hence reduced bottom line", said Ms Akhtar.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 25, 2012 Wednesday

India's anti-subsidy plan to hit China

BYLINE: Sidhartha

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE

LENGTH: 466 words


NEW DELHI: The government is ready with a plan to act against countries that
provide subsidy to local producers and make exports more competitive. Although
anti-subsidy action is a trade defence measure, permitted by the World Trade
Organisation (WTO), the move is expected to hit China the most.

Commerce department officials told reporters that the government is setting up a
Directorate General of Trade Remedies (DGTR) over the next few weeks, which will
deal with anti-subsidy and countervailing action.

The new directorate will also deal with anti-dumping action, which is initiated
against foreign manufacturers who sell in India below-cost and impact domestic
products.

The third trade defence tool -- safeguard duty -- is initiated in case of a
surge in imports and will remain with the revenue department. In all three
cases, the WTO provides for imposition of duty to prevent any surge.

Countervailing duty can be imposed only after the authorities have determined
that there is a specific subsidy, relating to export performance. Besides, it
has to push for the use of domestic goods over imported products that are used
on manufacturing an export article.

Further, the country that initiates anti-subsidy action has to prove that the
subsidy is given to a limited number of persons or units involved in
manufacturing or exporting the product.

Trade experts, however, warned that proving subsidies and taking countervailing
is most difficult among the three as information is difficult to obtain. Under
WTO's Agreement on Subsidies & Countervailing Measures , only those subsidies
that are not in the banned category face duty.

In case of prohibited list, members have to move WTO. Sources said that the
commerce department has also roped in WTO to help train manpower for anti-
subsidy action. "We should be in aposition to initiate anti-subsidy action in
two months or so," said a senior officer in the commerce department.

Official are studying action that has been initiated in various countries to
prepare a potential list of products on which anti-subsidy action can be
initiated.

Trade economists said that the move will hit China the most as it has attracted
maximum attention globally. "It will create level-playing field with Chinese
imports. In any case the government is preparing a plan to counter the threat
from across the border," said an expert.



Officials, however, countered this by saying that the thrust was aimed at
boosting exports to China and making the domestic industry more competitive.

India is the biggest user of anti-dumping measure with Chinese goods leading the
list on which action has been initiated over the last few years. In fact, India
is yet to grant "market economy" status, a pending grouse of authorities across
the border.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Sask. rates fifth in gov't aid to firms, says study; Taxpayers paid $18.3B over
30 years

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 446 words


Saskatchewan taxpayers have subsidized businesses to the tune of $18.3 billion
in the three decades from 1980 to 2009 - fifth-highest among the provinces -
according to a study released Tuesday by the Fraser Institute.

Saskatchewan was by no means the biggest spender. Among the provinces, Quebec
spent the most on government subsidies ($115.5 billion) followed by Alberta
($49.9 billion), Ontario ($46.7 billion) and B.C. ($34.5 billion), while Prince
Edward Island ($1.5 billion) spent the least, the study said.

Manitoba, surprisingly perhaps, spent only $10.5 billion, while the remainder of
the Atlantic provinces spent less than $5 billion each during the nearly 30-year
period.

The study by the Vancouver-based conservative think-tank includes federal,
provincial and municipal government subsidies to private sector business and
Crown corporations. It also includes indirect transfers to consumers, through
subsidized or reduced electricity and heating bills.

From 1980 to 2009, federal, provincial and local governments in Canada doled out
$683.9 billion in subsidies, said the study, entitled Government Subsidies in
Canada: A $684 Billion Price Tag.

The $684-billion subsidy bill included $342.6 billion from the federal
government, $287 billion from provincial governments, and $54.2 billion from
local governments. Total subsidies peaked in 1984 at $34.8 billion, dropped to a
low of $11.6 billion in 1998, then rose to $24.4 billion in 2009.

On a per-taxpayer basis, the cost for subsidies in 2009 was equivalent to
$1,507, nearly double the 1998 pertaxpayer rate of $797.

"Politicians and policy makers create and maintain these subsidies but
ultimately, taxpayers pay the freight," said Mark Milke, study author and senior
fellow at the Fraser Institute. Unlike Alberta and Ontario, where government
mandated reductions in power bills for consumers account for a significant
portion of subsidy spending, Quebec generally subsidizes businesses directly. In
2009, Quebec subsidy spending hit a record high of $7.2 billion.

"The Quebec government leads the country in corporate welfare spending," Milke
said. In Quebec, subsidies increased almost every year, and the bulk of the
subsidies went to private businesses and government businesses - not ordinary
consumers.

The study raises questions about fairness and transparency, and the
politicization of subsidy spending. "Subsidies often cater to special interest
groups that may support or oppose politicians with an eye on government
handouts. At the very least, governments should lift the veil of secrecy that
often shrouds repayment records and other aspects of subsidy spending," Milke
said. bjohnstone@leaderpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Subsidy schemes account for 60pc of govt farm budget

LENGTH: 771 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, July 16 -- The government has set aside most of the farm budget to
provide subsidies to farmers to enable them to cut production costs and put them
in a better position to compete with heavily subsidized Indian agro products.The
Ministry of Agricultural Development said that more than 60 percent of the
agricultural budget would be spent on various cash subsidy schemes in the next
fiscal year.

In the mid-1990s, the government began reducing financial backing for the
agricultural sector in line with shrinking donor support in the name of economic
liberalization. However, in 2008, it reintroduced subsidies on fertilisers
following the global food crisis.

The government has been gradually expanding subsidies to the farm sector since
the last two years to boost production and productivity and focus on targeted
programmes to ease youth access to agricultural activities in a bid to stem
labour outflows that have severely hit the farm sector.

"The existing subsidy regime in agriculture is still nominal, but it could be
vital to encourage farmers who have been struggling with losses or falling
profits due to an increased cost of production," said Ram Prasad Pulami, joint
secretary at the ministry.

"In addition to providing input subsidies, a number of projects have been
focused on attracting youths by offering them cash subsidies," he said. The
government has increased the budget allocation for the agricultural sector to Rs
23.28 billion for the next fiscal and declared the next 10 years as Decade of
Agriculture Revolution.

One of the government's ambitious projects is the competitive grants programme
that provides subsidies of up to 75 percent to youth farmers for their start-up
projects. More than Rs 6 billion has been earmarked for around 16 such projects
including the Project for Agriculture Commercialization and Trade.

The government has allocated Rs 1 billion as an interest subsidy for farmers who
take loans from commercial banks. The interest rate set by banks for farm loans
is 10 percent while the government has fixed the ceiling at 6 percent. So under
the subsidy programme, farmers will pay 6 percent interest while the government
will put up the remaining 4 percent.

The budget has allocated Rs 1 billion for subsidies to boost meat production
through Sana Kisan Bikas Bank. Likewise, the government has continued its
subsidy scheme on the purchase of seeds of maize, paddy and wheat. The budget
has allocated Rs 130 million for this scheme which was introduced in the last
fiscal year.

Pulami said that the ministry had allocated Rs 870 million for youth focused
programmes. Under this scheme, the government will provide Rs 60,000 in the
Tarai and Rs 40,000 in the hills as a start-up cash grant to youth who are
engaged in vegetable production. "The recipient is required to invest more than
half of the amount provided by the government."

The maximum cash grant has been set at Rs 100,000 for the fisheries sector, Rs
50,000 for mushroom farming, Rs 200,000 for bee rearing and Rs 300,000 for
animal husbandry.

The government will also provide subsidies on loans taken for farm
mechanization. The ministry has allocated Rs 95 million for this scheme under
which the subsidy has been fixed at 20 percent for the import of big machinery,
50 percent for the import of medium range machinery and 75 percent for the
import of smaller range machinery.

Likewise, the government will charge only 1 percent customs duty on imports of
farm machinery like hand tractor, power tiller and milling and feeder machines.
The government will also provide a 50 percent subsidy to milk producers keeping
more than 20 cows of improved breeds.

According to Pulami, the ministry will provide a 50 percent subsidy on seeds and
machinery imports for the integrated farming project for soybean and maize. The
project has been launched in 42 districts.

Meanwhile, the government has decided to increase the subsidy on premiums for
agro insurance to 75 percent from the existing 50 percent. The government has
allocated Rs 60 million for this purpose.

The budget has earmarked Rs 5.48 billion for subsidizing chemical fertilizer for
the next fiscal. The government reinstated subsidies on fertilizers in 2009 to
boost agricultural production and ensure food security. Acting on conditions
laid down by donors, the government started deregulating fertilizer trade in
1997 with subsidies on DAP and potash being removed.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            October 15, 2013 Tuesday

Moody's: Cut to BAB Subsidy Payments Credit Negative for Some Issuers

BYLINE: Naomi Jagoda

SECTION: TAXATION Vol. 122 No. 198

LENGTH: 434  words


WASHINGTON - The 7.2% reduction in federal subsidy payments to Build America
Bond issuers for fiscal year 2014 is a credit negative for issuers that rely on
the subsidy to make debt service payments on the bonds, said Moody's Investors
Service.

The credit negative declaration does not imply a rating or outlook change but is
indicative of the impact of a development as one of many factors affecting an
issuer.

The BAB program was created under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act and
allowed state and local governments in 2009 and 2010 to issue of almost $182
billion of direct-pay bonds for which they would receive subsidy payments from
the Treasury equal to 35% of the interest costs.

But the federally-mandated sequestration has resulted in cuts to BAB subsidy
payments. From March through the end of fiscal 2013 on Sept. 30, the subsidy
payments were generally cut 8.7%. The 7.2% payment reduction rate for fiscal
2014, which began Oct. 1, replaces the 8.7%. Moody's said that cutting the
subsidy effectively reduces BAB issuers' revenue.

Some issuers depend on the subsidies to make debt service payments. To account
for the reduced subsidy, they may have to make budget adjustments or draw on
debt service reserve funds, Moody's said.

However, most general obligation bond issuers do not rely on the subsidies to
make debt service payments. Instead, they budget to pay debt service on the BABs
without the subsidies. While some issuers have a large volume of outstanding
BABs, "the credit impact on most issuers is small and manageable," Moody's said.

The rating agency noted that New York City, the second largest BAB issuer, and
the New York City Transitional Finance Authority, the sixth largest BAB issuer,
combined had roughly $15 million in subsidy reductions in fiscal 2013. That
amount was only about 0.2% of New York City's combined debt service
expenditures, though.

Additionally, many issuers have some protection from significant BAB subsidy
reductions, because their official statements have extraordinary redemption
provisions that can be triggered by the cuts. These include "make-whole-call"
provisions that give issuers the option of redeeming their bonds at a specified
yield spread above Treasury yields, the rating agency said. But the
make-whole-call provisions can make it too expensive for an issuer to redeem the
BABs.

The subsidy reduction has nothing to do with the federal government shutdown
that began Oct. 1. However, Congress could change the subsidy reduction rate or
revert to the original subsidy level in any agreement on a budget for fiscal
2014, Moody's said.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Clarifying government subsidies study;
Quebec tops business bailouts, Business Oct. 30

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 196 words


Quebec tops business bailouts,

Business Oct. 30

I am always pleased when reporters note my past work on how much government
subsidies in Canada cost taxpayers, but this recent article on subsidies
referenced my 2014 study incorrectly - as about the cost of taxpayer-financed
subsidies to corporations.

My study, "Government Subsidies in Canada: A $684 Billion Price Tag," quite
clearly noted that that date concerned taxpayer subsidies to corporations, Crown
corporations and consumers.

The distinction is an important one, as for example, when governments subsidize
poorer consumers (by subsidies to reduce their power bills in some provinces, as
one example), that is not the same type of indefensible policy as is a subsidy
to the aerospace, automotive or energy corporations, or in my opinion, an unwise
subsidy to VIA Rail.

As I noted in my study, Statistics Canada data does not, unfortunately,
distinguish between the three types of subsidies, so it would be incorrect to
label the $684 billion expenditure over the decades as primarily to business. In
fact, in many cases, it appears subsidies to Crowns and consumers loom large in
government expenditures.

Mark Milke, Calgary

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

Jacqueline McManus: COBRA subsidy extended

BYLINE: Jacqueline McManus Workplace Law

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 750 words


Q: In the beginning of April, our business was forced to lay off two employees.

It is my understanding that the subsidy for COBRA health plan continuation
coverage created by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 has been
extended a few times. Do the extensions cover employees laid off in April?

A: Yes. Because of numerous extensions explained in this article, the COBRA
subsidy applies to any covered employee who was involuntarily terminated between
Sept. 1, 2008, and May 31, 2010 (including their spouses and dependent children
who were covered by the health plan at the time of termination), who elects
COBRA continuation coverage.

Under the original version of the reinvestment act, certain people who suffered
from an involuntary termination of employment were generally eligible to elect
COBRA coverage and receive a subsidy of 65 percent of their COBRA premiums for
up to nine months.

Specifically, the COBRA subsidy is available to "assistance-eligible
individuals" (AEIs). This critical term was originally defined as any covered
employee who was involuntarily terminated between Sept. 1, 2008, and Dec. 31,
2009 (including their spouses and dependent children who were covered by the
health plan at the time of termination), who elects COBRA continuation coverage.
Notably, the COBRA subsidy has been extended three times to assist these people
terminated after Dec. 31.

On Dec. 16, shortly before the subsidy's scheduled expiration, a provision in
the Department of Defense Appropriations Act of 2010 extended the COBRA subsidy
to people who were involuntarily terminated between Jan. 1 and Feb. 28 this
year.

In addition, the maximum amount of time an eligible individual can receive the
subsidy increased from 9 to 15 months, and individuals who reached the end of
the reduced premium period before the law extended it to 15 months have extra
time to pay the reduced premium.

If, during the transition period, an AEI paid the full premium amount for
coverage and did not receive a subsidy, that person's employer must provide
reimbursement for the subsidy amount or provide a credit for future coverage.

On March 2, the Temporary Extension Act of 2010 extended the COBRA subsidy to
AEIs terminated through March 31. The act also expanded the definition of AEIs
to include individuals who:

· 1. Experience a qualifying event based on a reduction in hours between Sept.
1, 2008, and March 31, 2010;

· 2. Did not elect COBRA continuation coverage when it was first offered, or
elected and later discontinued such coverage; and

· 3. Are involuntarily terminated between March 2 and March 31, 2010.

On April 15, President Barack Obama signed the Continuing Extension Act of 2010,
which extended all of the subsidy benefits described above to AEIs terminated
through May 31.

The Continuing Extension Act of 2010 is retroactive in that AEIs terminated
between April 1 and April 14 are eligible for the subsidy and must be provided
with the appropriate notice. The COBRA subsidy applies to any covered employee
who was involuntarily terminated between Sept. 1, 2008, and May 31, 2010
(including their spouses and dependent children who were covered by the health
plan at the time of termination), who elects COBRA continuation coverage.

The subsidy extensions apply to state continuation coverage programs comparable
to the continuation coverage provided by COBRA, including the Cal-COBRA program.

As a result of the subsidy extensions explained above, employers need to
identify affected individuals, revise their COBRA notices to meet the
requirements of the new laws, and provide AEIs with the appropriate notice. For
information, see the U.S. Department of Labor's website, dol.gov/ebsa/COBRA
.html.

Employers should be aware that the COBRA subsidy may be extended again. If H.R.
4213 (the American Workers, State, and Business Relief Act of 2010) becomes law,
the subsidy benefits will apply to AEIs terminated through Dec. 31, 2010. The
House approved H.R. 4213 in December 2009, and the Senate approved it in March
with amendments.

Because of the amendments, H.R. 4213 is now in the hands of the House Ways and
Means Committee. Employers may see thomas.loc.gov or www.govtrack.us to track
the bill's status.

Jacqueline McManus is a lawyer with the Fenton & Keller law firm in Monterey.
This column is intended to answer questions of general interest and should not
be construed as legal advice. Mail queries to "Workplace Law," c/o The Monterey
County Herald, P.O. Box 271, Monterey 93942.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Financial Post (Pakistan)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Prices of urea likely to rise up to Rs1600/bag

LENGTH: 449 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Jan. 13 -- With the government's surprising move to withdraw subsidy
on fertilizers that was provided in the last Federal Budget, there is a high
likelihood of increase in urea's Maximum Retail Price (MRP) by Rs200/bag to
Rs1,600/bag.

According to industry sources, there is a strong possibility of increase in
urea's MRP by Rs200/bag to Rs1, 600/bag to compensate for the withdrawal of cash
subsidy, Rs156/bag, and the hit manufacturers agreed to take at the time of
subsidy announcement Rs50/bag.

Uncertainty has shrouded the fertilizer sector after the government's
notification to withdraw subsidy on fertilizers that was provided in the last
Federal Budget. Initially it was unclear whether the notification was applicable
on both cash subsidy and sales tax subsidy, resulting in battering of fertilizer
stocks at the bourse. However, clarity emerged later that the government has
withdrawn only the cash subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP (i.e. Rs156/300/91 per bag,
respectively) with subsidized sales tax of 5 percent i.e.Rs186/bag intact.

Commenting on the new reports that the Punjab government is likely to provide
subsidy to the farmers, Syeda Humaira Akhtar, an analyst at JS Research, said
that this is highly unlikely as it will be practically impossible for a province
to provide subsidy due to issues like smuggling between provinces, while the CM
Punjab has also requested the federal government to restore the withdrawn
subsidy.

However, manufacturers may keep selling Urea at a discount to MRP at around
Rs1,500/bag (currently Urea selling price ranges between Rs1200-1300/bag vs. MRP
of Rs1400/bag) - which still be an effective increase of Rs200/bag.

Earlier, in a surprise move, the Ministry of National Food Security and Research
issued a notification for cancellation of subsidy provided to fertilizer sector
in the Budget FY17, with immediate effect. Government had provided subsidy of
Rs156/bag on urea along with reduction in GST to 5% from standard 17%, Rs300/bag
on DAP, (3) Rs91/bag on SSP, (4) Rs130/bag on NP and (5) Rs88/bag on CAN in
June-2016; of which the subsidy on Urea, DAP and SSP has now been withdrawn.

"Increase in Urea/DAP retail prices post-subsidy removal will dampen future
offtake amid outgoing peak demand season and poor farm economics. Moreover,
declining volumes means piling up inventory, which can further intensify the
price competition among urea manufacturers leading to pressure on margins and
hence reduced bottom line", said Ms Akhtar.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Post. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Daily Financial Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday

India's anti-subsidy plan to hit China

BYLINE: Sidhartha

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 466 words


NEW DELHI: The government is ready with a plan to act against countries that
provide subsidy to local producers and make exports more competitive. Although
anti-subsidy action is a trade defence measure, permitted by the World Trade
Organisation (WTO), the move is expected to hit China the most.

Commerce department officials told TOI that the government is setting up a
Directorate General of Trade Remedies (DGTR) over the next few weeks, which will
deal with anti-subsidy and countervailing action. The new directorate will also
deal with anti-dumping action, which is initiated against foreign manufacturers
who sell in India below-cost and impact domestic products. The third trade
defence tool -- safeguard duty -- is initiated in case of a surge in imports and
will remain with the revenue department. In all three cases, the WTO provides
for imposition of duty to prevent any surge.

Countervailing duty can be imposed only after the authorities have determined
that there is a specific subsidy, relating to export performance. Besides, it
has to push for the use of domestic goods over imported products that are used
on manufacturing an export article. Further, the country that initiates anti-
subsidy action has to prove that the subsidy is given to a limited number of
persons or units involved in manufacturing or exporting the product.

Trade experts, however, warned that proving subsidies and taking countervailing
is most difficult among the three as information is difficult to obtain. Under
WTO's Agreement on Subsidies & Countervailing Measures, only those subsidies
that are not in the banned category face duty. In case of prohibited list,
members have to move WTO. Sources said that the commerce department has also
roped in WTO to help train manpower for anti-subsidy action. "We should be in a
position to initiate anti-subsidy action in two months or so," said a senior
officer in the commerce department. Official are studying action that has been
initiated in various countries to prepare a potential list of products on which
anti-subsidy action can be initiated.

Trade economists said that the move will hit China the most as it has attracted
maximum attention globally. "It will create level-playing field with Chinese
imports. In any case the government is preparing a plan to counter the threat
from across the border," said an expert. Officials, however, countered this by
saying that the thrust was aimed at boosting exports to China and making the
domestic industry more competitive.

India is the biggest user of anti-dumping measure with Chinese goods leading the
list on which action has been initiated over the last few years. In fact, India
is yet to grant "market economy" status, a pending grouse of authorities across
the border.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                           December 24, 2011 Saturday

Why We Remain Opposed to Fuel Subsidy Removal - NUPENG Boss [interview]

BYLINE: Anayo Onukwugha

LENGTH: 1157 words


, is the National President of the National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas
Workers (NUPENG). Recently, he was at the All Saints Anglican Church,
Okochiri-Okrika, Rivers State for a thanksgiving to mark second two year in
office and spoke to our correspondent;

on the controversial plan by the government to do away with fuel subsidy and
other issues in the oil industry. Excerpts:

I don't know how to express the achievements so far. When we took over the
leadership of NUPENG, it was like if the union was still in existence. We
inherited a very huge debt. God being on our side, we were able to swim out of
the deep sea. We were able to pay our debts. When I took over, it was like we
had only one property that we can call our own as NUPENG. That is our
headquarters building. Every other property occupied by our affiliates was
rented. The headquarters itself had only one building that is called the
headquarters. But within two years, we were able to pay up our debts. We were
able to establish our own secretariat here in Port Harcourt. We are also going
to commission the secretariat in Warri this month. We are going to commission
the one in Kaduna by first quarter of next year. It means we have done a lot.

The two years under review was a challenging one. When we look at issues like
Petroleum Industry Bill and deregulation, the struggle was not an easy one. We
were able to look at the government and tell them, look, your policy on the PIB
was not good. It is a hard sale that we cannot accept. We are looking at the
suffering masses of Nigeria as a whole.

Today, the driving force of the nation's economy is oil and gas. Despite the bad
roads we have across the country, NUPENG was still able to ensure that the
masses of this country do not suffer. We make sure petroleum products are made
available. It has not been an easy task. We have been able to moderate our
strike actions for the benefit of Nigerians but that does not mean NUPENG has
not gone against bad policies of government that tend to pose negative
challenges to Nigerians.

We don't just look at ourselves as oil and gas workers; we look at ourselves
from the point of the Nigerian factor.

Our position on fuel subsidy removal has never changed. NUPENG has always said
no to subsidy removal. If government must remove subsidy, they must tell us why
and they have not been able to convince us and Nigerians on why subsidy must be
removed.

We quite agree that few Nigerians are benefitting from subsidy. I think that has
to do with government policy. That has to do with government in power, in the
way they want to do and manage the issue. I just read in the newspaper that one
of the beneficiaries of the subsidy is a construction company and I don't
understand why.

If I understand your question very well, you are talking about land stripping
and government should be held responsible for land stripping. Who does the land
stripping? Who gives out the documents and who inspects them? Is it you and I?
Who pays the money? It is you and I.

I don't know if you are aware that a litre of petrol you buy from a service
station, you pay subsidy for it. Every litre of fuel you consume as a consumer,
which you put in your car, you pay N2.50 as a subsidy, and this is unknown to
you. So, the consumer also pays for subsidy.

Is it not our responsibility to say no to the issue? Why not ask yourself, when
was subsidy introduced? Why did government come up with subsidy for petroleum
products when we are blessed with a lot of hydro-carbon in this country, when we
are blessed with a lot of natural gas? Why is government coming now to say, look
we are subsiding petroleum products? If government is able to explain to us why
subsidy was introduced, it should be able to tell us why it has arrived at a
point where subsidy must be removed. That is the big question we must ask.

It affects me as a common Nigeria. Why we introduced subsidy is because our
refineries are not performing. Why we introduced subsidy is because the local
consumption is very high and we cannot meet the local demand. Therefore, we
said, look, let us import petroleum products, even when we had these products in
our own country.

What stops Nigeria from building refineries? My brother, for the past 15 years,
a new refinery has not been built and government t is now saying, we want to
remove subsidy. What is the hope of the common man if you remove subsidy
because, the economic force of Nigeria today is the oil and gas, and what drives
it is the petroleum products.

We expect the government to tell us how it has been able to fight corruption in
this country. Look at the state governors, only few of them are doing well. The
governor of Edo State is doing well, the governor of Rivers State is doing well,
the governors of Akwa Ibom and Lagos States are doing well. The governor of Imo
State, who just took over is also doing well. But where are the rest of the
governors? Ask this question, what are they doing with the revenues accruing to
their respective states? What are they doing with the allocation they collect
everyday from the federal purse? Are we going to give them more revenue to
embezzle?

Those who had been found to be corrupt, what is happening to them? Is it the new
judicial policy of plea bargain? That even I steal the entire treasury, I will
go and say plea bargain and I am allowed to go home.

The Petroleum Industry Bill (PIB) is one of our challenges and Shell Petroleum
Development Company as an organization is one the challenges Nigerians are
facing in this country. The issue of subsidy or deregulation is part of PIB. So,
if government is going to remove subsidy as they are talking about, they should
be able to take a holistic look into the PIB and then, deal with it.

Nigerians are being milked everyday by international organizations like SPDC.
When they talk about cash-call, you begin to wonder what cash-call they are
talking about that is being collected by the international oil companies (IOCs).
SPDC, in particular is today enslaving Nigerians.

What I am trying to say here is that Shell has now diversified, running away
from what they are supposed to do for Nigerian who work for them. In what Shell
is doing today, which they called diversification of their investments, our
union, NUPENG does not know anything about it. We are not being carried along.
It is not just diversifying their investments; Shell is also diversifying the
workers, which is a big challenge. You cannot diversify your investment and also
diversify the workers working for you in the name of what.

What Shell is practising now is called third party contract and it is not
acceptable by NUPENG. We will resist it and we have also called on government to
intervene in this issue but nobody is responding.

Shell has diversified its investments but refused workers, who are already union
members from belonging to a union. That is what they are doing today. NUPENG is
saying no to it.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 9, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Western Farmers Fear Third-World Challenge to Subsidies

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section A; Column 2; Foreign Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2091 words

DATELINE: AIX-EN-PROVENCE, France, Sept. 8


Christian Vachier, the last sheep farmer in his small commune north of here, is
wondering whether his pastoral life in the Luberon mountains is about to end.

Halfway across the world, Dean Argotsinger, who raises corn and soybeans on
nearly 2,000 acres of land once cultivated by his father and grandfather outside
Denison, Iowa, has the same worries.

Mr. Vachier grazes his flock on 36 acres of pasture and sends them off in the
summer to wild mountain meadows, a land-intensive and expensive method
underwritten by checks from the European Union and the French government. His
lamb is never sold outside the region, much less overseas.

Mr. Argotsinger is a very different kind of farmer. He considers himself modern
and efficient. He uses chemical fertilizers and receives more than $336,000 from
the government every four years and sells his grain in the global marketplace.

But both farmers worry that they will be the targets when trade ministers from
around the world meet in Cancun, Mexico, on Wednesday to begin deciding which
subsidies to cut back in the wealthiest nations in order to lessen the damage
the subsidies inflict on poor farmers in the developing world.

The world's wealthiest nations give more than $300 billion of subsidies to their
farmers every year, more than the gross national product of sub-Saharan Africa.
Those payments are now the biggest complaint of poor nations.

"It's ridiculous that rich farmers are getting richer and poor farmers are
getting poorer," said John Nagenda, a farmer in Uganda and adviser to President
Yoweri Museveni. "We are kept out of the world market. When countries like
America, Britain and France subsidize their farmers, we get hurt."

Siphiwe Mkhize, agriculture attache at the South African Embassy in Washington,
said: "We would give up foreign aid if the farm subsidies were eliminated. The
subsidies give the rich-nation farmers the upper hand in all markets, and we
can't even compete in our own markets, much less theirs."

Mr. Vachier, however, said, "Why should world trade rules dictate whether French
taxpayers can pay me to preserve our way of life and protect our countryside?"

Though he has different views about world trade, Mr. Argotsinger has similar
complaints.

"The federal government made a promise to us farmers in the farm bill last year
and all at once they're telling us the World Trade Organization can take that
away from us," he said at his Iowa farm.

From the hillside vineyards of Europe to the dense cornfields of Middle America,
dozens of farmers said in interviews that they were anxiously awaiting the
outcome of the talks in Cancun, where the first order of business is farm
policy.

In the past decade, the top quarter of farmers in the developed world have
steadily gained most of the subsidies -- 70 percent in Europe and 90 percent in
the United States, according to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development. Those payments allow industrial-size farms to produce many more
acres of crops than are needed for domestic consumption, and they are sold
overseas at low, subsidized prices.

Farmers in developing markets cannot compete with the cheap imports. They lose
out in their own markets and have little chance of exporting.

A recent American-European farm proposal disappointed many developing nations.
Seventeen developing nations countered by asking the United States to make
deeper cuts in its subsidies and Europe to eliminate subsidies that underwrite
exports.

The U.S. and Europe: How Their Subsidies Differ

Subsidies began in times of hardship -- during the Depression in the United
States, to help farmers survive as their costs rose and market prices stagnated,
and after World War II in Europe, to encourage farmers to increase food
production and avert malnutrition.

But today Western countries are drowning in food, their citizens more likely to
suffer from obesity than starvation, and the huge surpluses are sold cheaply
overseas.

The American system -- with farms 10 times larger than those in Europe -- has
grown the most lopsided. In 1995, the top 10 percent of American farmers
received 55 percent of government subsidies; in 2002 their share rose to 65
percent, according the Environmental Working Group.

While Europe also gives more money to its larger farms, it is slowly shifting to
reward small farmers like Mr. Vachier who raise expensive, high-quality food
that is rarely exported, subsidies that are considered harmless to the
developing world.

"Cutting these subsidies to the huge farmers in favor of the small farmers would
also help small farmers in the developing world," said Stefan Tangermann, author
of the O.E.C.D. report.

Pascal Lamy, the top European trade official, said the answer for European
agriculture "is shifting from quantity to quality." When the European Union
grows by 15 countries next year, farm subsidies will be further diluted.

Philip Bloomer, director of advocacy at Oxfam, which lobbies against farm
subsidies, said that while Europe, including France, is still among the worst
offenders in farm policy, it is slowly understanding that it has to change.

"In Europe, we believe there is a glacial movement in the right direction," said
Mr. Bloomer. "In the United States, there is a fairly rapid movement in the
wrong direction."

The United States openly embraces increased trade as the answer for American
agriculture, heavily subsidizing the biggest farms in an industrialized system
that generates huge surpluses for export. Robert B. Zoellick, the United States
trade representative, boasts that one out of every three acres in the United
States is planted for export.

It is highly unlikely that either the United States or Europe will offer the
concessions needed to undo the damage of the system.

"Our American subsidy system is a crime, it's a sin, but we'll talk a good game
and get away with doing almost nothing until after the presidential election,"
said C. Fred Bergsten, director of the Institute for International Economics in
Washington.

Agriculture is now one of the few sectors of the American economy where the
United States runs a trade surplus, and American businesses that thrive on
subsidized global trade want to keep the subsidy system in place.

In the past decade, industrial-scale farmers have tipped their allegiance
decisively toward the Republican Party, which supports the current system.
Political contributions from agribusiness jumped from $37 million in 1992 to $53
million in 2002, with the Republicans' share rising from 56 percent to 72
percent, according to figures compiled by the Center for Responsive Politics.

Those commercial companies were not disappointed when President Bush signed into
law last year a new farm policy that increases permanent subsidies by $40
billion a year, even though Mr. Zoellick had promised the developing world that
subsidies would be cut in this new round of trade talks.

"Reducing these subsidies and removing agricultural trade barriers is one of the
most important things that rich countries can do for millions of people to
escape poverty all over the world," said Ian Goldin, the World Bank's vice
president for external affairs. "It's not an exaggeration to say that rich
countries' agricultural policies lead to starvation."

The Name of the Cheese: Defending a Way of Life

For Europeans like Jean-Pierre Boisson, mayor of Chateauneuf-du-Pape, a small
village in Provence, subsidies also represent survival of a centuries-old way of
life and of the kind of traditional farming that produces the expensive,
high-quality wine, olive oil and meat for which his region is known.

Europe's environmental programs receive a mandated 15 percent of the $46.3
billion in annual European farm subsidies.

The farmers around Chateauneuf-du-Pape worry that in Cancun, trade ministers
with little understanding of agriculture and its effect on a nation's food
system and countryside will cut the wrong programs.

Mayor Boisson is also watching carefully whether the trade ministers adopt a
universal respect for geographic indicators, a form of copyright tying the name
of a food product to its region. Those labels guarantee the authenticity of
products like Roquefort cheese and grand French wines; for farmers like Mr.
Boisson, those labels -- and not government subsidies -- ensure his profits.

Mr. Lamy, the European trade minister, has told colleagues that if the World
Trade Organization is willing to support geographic indicators, he would discuss
reducing export subsidies.

Phillipe Mauguin, director of the French government's Institute of Appellations
of Origin, said the government hoped that 20 percent of French produce would
eventually besold under a specialty labeling. France already sells $18 billion
in products protected by appellations of origin.

"Without such labeling, there is zero protection for local people, zero
protection for local culture," said Mr. Mauguin.

An Industry Remade: The Passing of the Farmer

Iowans like Mr. Argotsinger know what it means to lose the traditional farm way
of life.

When the members of the Denison High School class of 1963 held their 40th
reunion this summer, they counted only one farmer among them. Over cold beers
and enchiladas, they guessed that at least 40 of the 108 men and women in their
class were either raised on a farm or spent their summers on the farm of a close
relative.

In one generation, they said, they became witnesses to the remaking of American
agriculture, which has been turned upside down by globalization, altered federal
farm subsidies and the demands of the "big guys" to make agriculture run on the
principles of mass production.

"The subsidies let the big farms get bigger, and the big companies end up
controlling everything around here, paying low prices for grain so they can
control markets around the world," said Gaylord Moeller, the surviving farmer of
the class of 1963. He said he had held on to the 160-acre farm originally
settled by his German great-grandfather because he had resigned himself to
living modestly.

Thomas Dorr, the under secretary of agriculture for rural development and an
Iowa farmer himself, advocates the industrial-size farms and said in an
interview that it was wrong-headed to view agriculture in terms of small farms
versus large. American agriculture, he said, simply reflects the increased
global market.

"Marketplaces are always going to change, they are always going to fluctuate,"
he said. "Everybody always frames it in small versus large instead of where the
opportunities are."

Mr. Zoellick, the trade representative, has proposed cutting over $8 billion in
subsidies, but only if Europe makes deeper cuts.

Keith Collins, the chief economist at the Department of Agriculture, said there
is "compelling evidence" that subsidies do increase production, distort trade
and undermine poor countries.

"Payments increase production and production increases exports," Mr. Collins
said in an interview.

This American emphasis on exports has not only increased the size of the farms,
but has also limited what is grown on them.

When Denison's boomers were born in 1945, Iowa's farmers grew 17 commercial
crops, including potatoes, cherries, peaches, plums, pears, strawberries,
raspberries and wheat. Farmers sold vegetables from their truck gardens at
harvest time.

Now the commercial crops are down to four -- feed corn, soybeans, hay and oats
-- and Denison has a hard time filling a farmer's market one afternoon a week.

"It's easier to get fresh fruits and vegetables in Des Moines now than it is in
Denison," said Cecelia Servoss Arnold, a member of the class of 1963.

Denison is the birthplace of Iowa Beef Packers, among the first slaughterhouses
to use a modern assembly line system that revolutionized the meat industry by
eliminating the need for most skilled labor.

Grain farms like Mr. Argotsinger's literally fed those new slaughterhouses by
raising the crops needed to feed the hogs. Soon an industrial system was
introduced to raise enough hogs to be killed by the tens of thousands every day.

Farmers emptied their barnyards and built factory-size sheds in the rolling
hills. They pack hundreds of hogs into each building, feeding them with
automated tubing and siphoning off their excrement into open vats known as
manure lagoons.

While the odor and pollution are causing political battles in the state,
supporters say they are an integral part of the new industrialization of
agriculture.

"We're part of a global protein market," Mr. Argotsinger said. "I'm growing corn
for meat that will be sold to China."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Musoki Jostine readied her cotton plot in Uganda. Subsidies to
Western farmers keep her income low. (Photo by Vanessa Vick for The New York
Times)(pg. A1); IN IOWA -- Hogs in a "confined animal feed operation" in Charter
Oak. Industrialized farmers get most government subsidies by far. (Photo by
Nicole Bengiveno/The New York Times); IN PROVENCE -- Marcel Brunet, 72, in his
olive grove in Vaucluse. Specialist farmers say their subsidies have scant
impact on world trade. (Photo by Ed Alcock for The New York Times)(pg. A8)
Chart: "An Eye to Exports"Critics of high farm subsidies in the European Union
and the United States say subsidies create disadvantages for less developed
countries by keeping prices high and their own exports strong. Chart shows share
of world exports in corn and cotton since 1990. (Source by Eugenio Diaz-Bonilla,
International Food Policy Research Institute, from United Nations Food and
Agriculture Organization data)(pg. A8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                                 June 07, 2014

How Delegates Decided On Fuel Subsidy, Part-Time Legislature

BYLINE: Innocent Oweh

LENGTH: 1563 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The National Conference constituted by the Federal Government is in its climax
with the adoption of some far reaching recommendations from various committee
sittings that are thought controversial in some quarters.

The drama charactering the adoption of the recommendations at the plenary
sessions is also very intriguing and interesting, especially with initial
scepticism that many observers held about the confab.

For the most part, many thought the composition and nomenclature of the
conferees would most likely work against the conference and at the end might
also jeopardise the entire exercise.

However, during the week under review, delegates tabled the issue of fuel
subsidy in the oil sector for consideration after the report was presented at
the floor of the plenary by the Committee on Public Finance and Revenue.

No sooner had the report been presented before the plenary by its Chairman,
Senator Adamu Aliero than heated arguments ensued about the sustenance or
outright removal of the subsidy regime by the central government.

Although it was obvious that the delegates were sharply divided on the issue, in
the few minutes each of them made contributions, they passionately spoke on
reasons the Federal Government should either keep subsiding petroleum products
for the public or why subsidy was meant to serve the economic interest of just a
handful at the expense of the majority.

Adamu in the report had stated that subsidy on petroleum products was an
avoidable major financial burden the nation has been made to bear.

It said between 2006 and 2007, subsidy accounted for 30 per cent of government
expenditure which translated to 118 per cent of capital budget and 4.18 per cent
of the Gross Domestic Product.

The report also revealed that subsidy payment of N2.527 trillion in 2012 and
2013 averaged N1.263 trillion per annum and described it as "a burden too heavy
for the nation and its populace."

The committee stated that the situation was anomalous and encouraged smuggling;
and that government resources which should have been used to undertake more
developmental projects were being spent on subsidy.

It argued that subsidy removal "will most certainly ensure product availability
at all times and significantly mitigate illicit cross-border activities."

It was the committee's position that the poor and the rural dwellers to whom the
subsidy scheme was initially targeted were not reaping the benefits; and that
removal of subsidy would encourage investments in refineries and the downstream
sector generally.

Those who argued against the removal said since constant power supply in the
country was still a mirage; government should first fix all the sick refineries
for local production of petroleum products before removing the subsidy.

They observed that criminal activities would increase nationwide if the removal
was carried out since majority of artisans who rely on small power generating
sets to do their business would be out of work.

However, those in support of the removal of subsidy also presented appalling
situations of wastages and high level corruption among both the fuel importers
and certain government officials.

They argued that continuous subsidisation of fuel would amount to deliberate
effort to enrich a few Nigerians at the expense of others; and that what was
advisable would be to ensure judicious use of funds accruing from the subsidy
removal.

But at the point of formally adopting the recommendations, the delegates came up
with conditions, which must be met before the removal of fuel subsidy could be
implemented.

Through a motion sponsored by Dan Nwanyanwu and 24 others, it was agreed that
removal of subsidy on petroleum products within the next three years should be
preceded by building of new refineries and repair of existing ones to full
capacity.

The conference unanimously resolved that private sector investors granted
licenses to build new refineries shall, within a period of three years, build
such refineries or automatically forfeit such licenses to enable other
participants who are ready and willing to build such refineries to do so.

Conference observed that the issue of total subsidy removal on petroleum
products has been a recurring decimal on the programmes of successive
governments over the years; and that there are merits in the arguments of both
the protagonists and the antagonists.

The decision of the conference was drawn from the observation that sustained
subsidy retention has become a major drain on the nation's lean resources which
cannot be left to continue indefinitely.

It was argued that although the subsidy regime has been fraught with massive
corruption and may not necessarily be to the advantage of the poor masses as
often indicated, immediate removal of subsidy without requisite mitigating
infrastructure was bound to have a spiral effect that may see prices of
essential commodities rising with attendant effect on the poor masses.

Except otherwise decided, henceforth, legislators at national and state levels
would operate on part-time basis.

This was the decision of the on-going National Conference over the week, when it
considered the recommendation by the Committee on Public Service headed by Ebele
Okeke with Ambassador Adamu Aliyu as deputy chairman.

The conference also decided that payment of pension, life insurance and
severance allowances where such existed are to be cancelled in line with what
has been described as global best practices.

Former lawmakers at the conference were quick to kick against the decision on
the grounds that holding a political office is not the same thing as being a
career public servant; and that the Legislature as presently constituted is
operating on part-time basis because members do not sit for a whole week.

Conference also decided that former state governors and their deputies are to be
exempted from payment of severance allowances, life insurance and payment of
pension.

It was also decided and adopted that each state of the federation should have
its own State Character Commission to protect the interest of minority ethnic
groups in the state.

This implies that minority groups in the 36 states of the federation would soon
enjoy equal treatment in appointments into public service of their different
states.

Conference said its position is meant to address the obvious restrictions to the
application of the Federal Character Principles at the state and local
government levels.

It also accepted the recommendation that transfers into the directorate level of
the civil service from outside be prohibited while there should be mandatory
training as a basis for consideration for promotion to the middle management
level of the service.

Delegates agreed that there is need for the civil service across the nation to
operate common rules and practices so that the citizenry is not confronted with
different procedures when dealing with each arm and tier of government.

The committee's recommendation that retirement age for civil servants, in line
with what it calls international best practice, be fixed at 65 or 40 years of
active service; from the present practice of 60 years of age or 35 years of
service was rejected by the conference.

Also within the week, delegates voted in support of a scenario, where if either
the President or the National Assembly fails to meet the timelines set for the
passage of the Appropriation Bill, government will have to shut down operations.

They agreed that Section 82 of the 1999 Constitution which deals with
authorization of expenditure in default of appropriation be amended to stop any
expenditure by government in the event of a delay in the passage of the budget
with established timelines.

All this was adopted after extensive consideration on the Report of the
Committee on Public Service.

Conference had earlier agreed that Appropriation Bill for the coming year must
be presented to the National Assembly on or before September 30 of every year
while the process of passage by the National Assembly must be completed within
two months for Presidential assent in December.

Three amendments were suggested to include that Section 59 (3) of the 1999
Constitution be amended to include that:

-Where the National Assembly fails to consider and pass the Appropriation Bill
within the stated time frame, the bill shall be sent to Mr President for his/her
assent.

-That failure to adhere to the time frame stated for the presentation of the
Appropriation Bill shall form part of the definition of misconduct as stated in
Sections 142 (11) and 188 (11) respectively.

In the event that the budget is not approved by the January 2, government should
operate on the basis of 75 per cent of previous year's budget as an interim
measure to avoid shut down.

All three suggestions were rejected as delegates insisted that failure to meet
the deadlines by either of the parties should result in a shut-down of
government, as no expenditure would be allowed as contained in Section 82 of the
1999 Constitution.

This is to stem the current situation where both the Executive and the
Legislature do not seem to be bothered about delays in budget presentation and
approval. Giving conditions in a situation of failure was viewed as indulgence.

They approved amendment to Section 147(3) of the 1999 Constitution, which
demands appointment by the President of at least one minister from each state of
the federation.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 3, 2014 Monday

Iran pays $52 bln for cash subsidies

BYLINE: Umid Niayesh, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


March 03--Iranian administration has paid some $52.18 billion (based on official
currency rate of 24,916 rials per USD) as cash subsidies for people so far, head
of parliament Research Center, Kazem Jalali said, the country's IRNA news agency
reported on March 3.

The Iranian government implemented the first stage of the subsidy reform plan
towards the end of 2010 in an attempt to wean the country off food and fuel
subsidies.

The plan allows the government to gradually slash subsidies on fuel, electricity
and certain goods over the course of five years, with low-income families being
compensated with direct cash hand-outs. The subsidy reform plan pays 45,500
rials (about $18) to Iranians, eliminating subsidies for fuels and some
commodities.

The Iranian parliament approved the government implementing the second phase of
the subsidy reform plan at the beginning of the second quarter of the next
Iranian calendar year (to start on March 21), Iranian media outlets reported on
Feb. 4.

Implementation of the subsidy reform plan in the next year will likely force the
government to double fuel prices.

Jalali said that so far the paid cash subsidies are some $16 billion more than
government incomes via increasing energy carriers' prices.

President Hassan Rouhani's administration has set the goal of 519 trillion
rials, (about $20.9 billion) of the government's income from implementation of
the subsidy reform plan in next year's budget bill. The government's income from
the subsidy reform plan is expected to be around $11.26 billion in the current
year.

Fars News Agency quoted the Member of Parliament Ahmad Tavakoli on Jan.28 as
saying that in order to achieve the set goal of $20.9 billion, the government
needs to double fuel prices, which will not be affordable to citizens.

On Feb. 26, Rouhani remarked that the prices for energy carriers will increase
slowly in the next Iranian calendar year.

Edited by C.N.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140303-1AZ-Iran-pays-52-bln-for-cash-subsidies-0303-20140303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Federal aid protects farms from volatility

BYLINE: Richard Wilson, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1234 words


June 21--Farming is one of the few businesses where you produce a product and
then ask customers, "what will you give me for it"

Prices fluctuate year to year for corn, soybeans, grain, beef or other farm
products. Add unpredictable weather events, and those are some of the reasons
why the federal government pays American farmers billions of dollars a year.
Ohio ranks 14th in the nation for subsidy levels; tens of thousands of farmers
across the state received nearly $4 billion in various government subsidy
programs from 1995 to 2009, according to the Environmental Working Group.

While commodities and disaster subsidies can provide a safety net for farmers,
other programs enable the government to put environmental controls on how the
land is used.

William T. Roe lives on one of the four farms he owns, about 370 acres in Butler
County, an estimated 80 acres in Sandusky County, not counting land he leases to
others for farming.

Roe, a certified Angus beef grower, received nearly $51,000 in 2009 as part of
the federal Environmental Quality Incentives Program and was the second top
recipient of farm subsidies in Butler County that year (receiving $98,000 in
subsidies since 1995, according to Environmental Working Group records).

Roe said the money was used to build one of two barns specifically designed to
store manure and turn it into compost. Roe said it enables him to save money by
not buying commercial fertilizer every year and helps the environment by keep
phosphorus levels low in the soil.

"You don't make money through (the EQIP) program," he said. "What the government
does is provide incentives for farmers to take certain directions and encourage
them to do certain things."

Programs like EQIP require the farmer to comply with strict building code
regulations and guidelines.

Roe and others use government-supported global positioning systems to track how
much fertilizer is needed on the fields. The GPS system notifies the person
spreading the fertilizer in real-time, indicating how much to spread and where
and where not to spread.

The process saves time and lots of money through reduced fuel costs, Roe said.

Roe sells his large, healthy scientifically bred bulls, heifers and cows at
premium prices as high as $10,000 per animal. He selectively breeds for certain
traits, like average daily weight gain, a gentle disposition and high degrees of
marbling of the meat.

"In reality, what the public is getting for what they're spending, they're
getting a bargain," he said.

Frank Batsche Jr. owns 264 acres that borders Acton Lake at Hueston Woods in
Preble County. Batsche leases the property for others to farm it. He is listed
as receiving $54,000 in 2009 on the EWG subsidies list.

Batsche, who is retired and used to farm in Mason, said it's a "substantial sum"
that he didn't ask for and from which he didn't profit. The payment was granted
through a federal conservation subsidy to build a drainage system that prevents
erosion and runoff into the watershed. Batsche said the money went directly to
the contractors.

"(Subsidies) are good for farmers," Batsche said. "The big corporate farmers,
that have thousands of acres, we should watch the subsidies on them. But to the
small individual farmer ... 250 acres really isn't enough to make a living."

While not an expert, Miami University economics professor Jim Brock said he
teaches his students the basics about the farming industry and how "price
supports" work.

"I think there is a legitimate economic case to be made in favor of these
traditional subsidies," Brock said. "Part of the idea of subsidies is to keep
the family farm viable ... In some cases, corporations play a larger role in the
production of food."

Brock noted one important change that's been made is putting limits on the size
of subsidies based on the size of the farming operation. The biggest farms,
which needed the least help, were getting the lion's share of payments while the
smallest farms that needed the most help were getting less.

The small farmer still lags considerably in subsidy amounts. Consider that, from
1995 to 2009, half of Ohio farmers did not collect subsidy payments; 10 percent
collected 70 percent of all subsidies, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Brock said there's an ongoing debate about the role of the USDA.

"Should it be doing research and promulgating large scale crop production, or
should it help small farmers out as building blocks of a decentralized free
society" he said.

Greg Blanton is one of three brothers who are part of two Middletown-based
family farm cooperatives that combined received more than $6 million in
subsidies between 1995 and 2009. Together the Blanton cooperatives received more
in subsidies than any other farm operation in Ohio during that time, according
to the Environmental Working Group. They plant and harvest corn, soybeans and
wheat on hundreds of acres in eight different counties.

Blanton reluctantly offered a few comments. He said people think farmers are
getting rich on subsidies, but much of it is used to cover expenses, like
chemical and fuel bills. He said there are a lot of guidelines to adhere to when
receiving subsidies, which enables the government to monitor and control the
farming industry.

"If there were no subsidies, we would deal with that. We would be just as happy
if there was no government to answer to," he said. "It looks like a lot. People
think we're getting rich, but we have to pay (bills)."

Farmers sign up for and comply with subsidy programs and many of the
"old-timers" continue to go without federal handouts, according to Warren County
farmer Fred Vonderhaar.

"This is a strictly voluntary deal. If you're not happy with the program, don't
participate," he said.

Vonderhaar rents about 1,500 acres to farm corn and other commodities between
Mason and Lebanon. He received more than $900,000 in federal farm subsidies from
1995 to 2009 and is in the top 10 of top recipients in Warren County during that
time, according to EWG.

He said the EWG database includes temporary loans given to farmers to store
their harvests over winter and sell at a higher price in the spring.

The low-interest loans are paid back to the banks after the sale. Vonderhaar
said the loans represent "a small part" of his subsidies, estimating the loans
to be less than half of the total amount.

Vonderhaar said the market for corn, soybeans, grain and other farm-raised
commodities is volatile and subsidies are needed to keep farmers on an "even
keel."

"It keeps me in business just in case mother nature throws me a high heater that
I can't handle," he said.

The excessive rain this year has pushed planting back a month. That has pushed
prices up for corn to about $8 a bushel.

Vonderhaar said the corn price recently dropped a dollar in a week for no reason
except speculators adjusting prices.

Vonderhaar is pessimistic about this year's crops. He said a dry summer could
devastate potential yields, and farmers may need to file for disaster subsidies,
which helps farmers pay operating costs in years when crops fail.

To see more of the Hamilton JournalNews or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.journal-news.com . Copyright (c) 2011, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110621-HL-Federal-aid-protects-farms-from-volatility-0621-20110621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2011 The Journal-News


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 20, 2011 Monday

Federal aid protects farms from volatility

BYLINE: Richard Wilson, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1234 words


June 20--Farming is one of the few businesses where you produce a product and
then ask customers, "what will you give me for it"

Prices fluctuate year to year for corn, soybeans, grain, beef or other farm
products. Add unpredictable weather events, and those are some of the reasons
why the federal government pays American farmers billions of dollars a year.
Ohio ranks 14th in the nation for subsidy levels; tens of thousands of farmers
across the state received nearly $4 billion in various government subsidy
programs from 1995 to 2009, according to the Environmental Working Group.

While commodities and disaster subsidies can provide a safety net for farmers,
other programs enable the government to put environmental controls on how the
land is used.

William T. Roe lives on one of the four farms he owns, about 370 acres in Butler
County, an estimated 80 acres in Sandusky County, not counting land he leases to
others for farming.

Roe, a certified Angus beef grower, received nearly $51,000 in 2009 as part of
the federal Environmental Quality Incentives Program and was the second top
recipient of farm subsidies in Butler County that year (receiving $98,000 in
subsidies since 1995, according to Environmental Working Group records).

Roe said the money was used to build one of two barns specifically designed to
store manure and turn it into compost. Roe said it enables him to save money by
not buying commercial fertilizer every year and helps the environment by keep
phosphorus levels low in the soil.

"You don't make money through (the EQIP) program," he said. "What the government
does is provide incentives for farmers to take certain directions and encourage
them to do certain things."

Programs like EQIP require the farmer to comply with strict building code
regulations and guidelines.

Roe and others use government-supported global positioning systems to track how
much fertilizer is needed on the fields. The GPS system notifies the person
spreading the fertilizer in real-time, indicating how much to spread and where
and where not to spread.

The process saves time and lots of money through reduced fuel costs, Roe said.

Roe sells his large, healthy scientifically bred bulls, heifers and cows at
premium prices as high as $10,000 per animal. He selectively breeds for certain
traits, like average daily weight gain, a gentle disposition and high degrees of
marbling of the meat.

"In reality, what the public is getting for what they're spending, they're
getting a bargain," he said.

Frank Batsche Jr. owns 264 acres that borders Acton Lake at Hueston Woods in
Preble County. Batsche leases the property for others to farm it. He is listed
as receiving $54,000 in 2009 on the EWG subsidies list.

Batsche, who is retired and used to farm in Mason, said it's a "substantial sum"
that he didn't ask for and from which he didn't profit. The payment was granted
through a federal conservation subsidy to build a drainage system that prevents
erosion and runoff into the watershed. Batsche said the money went directly to
the contractors.

"(Subsidies) are good for farmers," Batsche said. "The big corporate farmers,
that have thousands of acres, we should watch the subsidies on them. But to the
small individual farmer ... 250 acres really isn't enough to make a living."

While not an expert, Miami University economics professor Jim Brock said he
teaches his students the basics about the farming industry and how "price
supports" work.

"I think there is a legitimate economic case to be made in favor of these
traditional subsidies," Brock said. "Part of the idea of subsidies is to keep
the family farm viable ... In some cases, corporations play a larger role in the
production of food."

Brock noted one important change that's been made is putting limits on the size
of subsidies based on the size of the farming operation. The biggest farms,
which needed the least help, were getting the lion's share of payments while the
smallest farms that needed the most help were getting less.

The small farmer still lags considerably in subsidy amounts. Consider that, from
1995 to 2009, half of Ohio farmers did not collect subsidy payments; 10 percent
collected 70 percent of all subsidies, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Brock said there's an ongoing debate about the role of the USDA.

"Should it be doing research and promulgating large scale crop production, or
should it help small farmers out as building blocks of a decentralized free
society" he said.

Greg Blanton is one of three brothers who are part of two Middletown-based
family farm cooperatives that combined received more than $6 million in
subsidies between 1995 and 2009. Together the Blanton cooperatives received more
in subsidies than any other farm operation in Ohio during that time, according
to the Environmental Working Group. They plant and harvest corn, soybeans and
wheat on hundreds of acres in eight different counties.

Blanton reluctantly offered a few comments. He said people think farmers are
getting rich on subsidies, but much of it is used to cover expenses, like
chemical and fuel bills. He said there are a lot of guidelines to adhere to when
receiving subsidies, which enables the government to monitor and control the
farming industry.

"If there were no subsidies, we would deal with that. We would be just as happy
if there was no government to answer to," he said. "It looks like a lot. People
think we're getting rich, but we have to pay (bills)."

Farmers sign up for and comply with subsidy programs and many of the
"old-timers" continue to go without federal handouts, according to Warren County
farmer Fred Vonderhaar.

"This is a strictly voluntary deal. If you're not happy with the program, don't
participate," he said.

Vonderhaar rents about 1,500 acres to farm corn and other commodities between
Mason and Lebanon. He received more than $900,000 in federal farm subsidies from
1995 to 2009 and is in the top 10 of top recipients in Warren County during that
time, according to EWG.

He said the EWG database includes temporary loans given to farmers to store
their harvests over winter and sell at a higher price in the spring.

The low-interest loans are paid back to the banks after the sale. Vonderhaar
said the loans represent "a small part" of his subsidies, estimating the loans
to be less than half of the total amount.

Vonderhaar said the market for corn, soybeans, grain and other farm-raised
commodities is volatile and subsidies are needed to keep farmers on an "even
keel."

"It keeps me in business just in case mother nature throws me a high heater that
I can't handle," he said.

The excessive rain this year has pushed planting back a month. That has pushed
prices up for corn to about $8 a bushel.

Vonderhaar said the corn price recently dropped a dollar in a week for no reason
except speculators adjusting prices.

Vonderhaar is pessimistic about this year's crops. He said a dry summer could
devastate potential yields, and farmers may need to file for disaster subsidies,
which helps farmers pay operating costs in years when crops fail.

To see more of the Hamilton JournalNews or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.journal-news.com . Copyright (c) 2011, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110620-HL-Federal-aid-protects-farms-from-volatility-0620-20110620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2011 The Journal-News


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday

Is commuter subsidy at risk?

BYLINE: Kelly Hannon, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


Dec. 01--While federal employees may see their pay frozen for two years,
legislation is in Congress to extend a monthly benefit that defrays certain
commuting costs.

Federal employees receive up to $230 a month to offset the cost of their work
commute by bus, train or van pool.

The benefit had previously been $120 a month, but it was nearly doubled in March
2009 using federal stimulus funds in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009.

The higher rate meant for some commuters their trip on a bus, van pool or train
was either entirely or mostly paid for.

The $230 brought the federal subsidy for using public transit even with a $230
pretax parking subsidy for federal workers.

But the $230 ceiling expires Dec. 31.

Without action from Congress, the subsidy will return to $120 a month.

Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., and Rep. Jim McGovern, D-Mass., have submitted
legislation that would keep the monthly public transit subsidy for federal
workers at $230, according to the American Public Transportation Association.

APTA wants the subsidy to continue, and at a level where the public transit
subsidy is equal to the parking subsidy.

Cutting the subsidy in half will directly affect the middle class, said Mantill
Williams, APTA spokesman.

APTA research has found that 70 percent of public transit riders in the U.S.
earn $15,000 to $99,000 a year.

"This is something that will impact someone's family budget," Williams said.

The organization is monitoring the legislation submitted by McGovern and Schumer
and hopes something will be passed. "We're encouraging people to support that,
to call their congressman to support that legislation," Williams said.

Lowering the subsidy could have a financial effect on transportation providers
that carry a sizable portion of federal workers.

In the Fredericksburg area, this includes private van pool and bus companies,
and public agencies such as Virginia Railway Express. In Maryland, it may affect
MARC commuter trains, and closer to Washington, Metro.

In the Washington area, federal agencies and private employers that offer
transit subsidies must register with a program called SmartBenefits, which
processes fare requests for buses, trains and van pools.

As recently as this fall, 60 percent of the 285,000 people registered for
SmartBenefits were federal employees, according to Metro. The other 40 percent
of SmartBenefits users are privately employed.

On the Virginia Railway Express, 64 percent of riders reported they were
employed by the federal government, according to a 2010 passenger survey.
Another 6 percent identified themselves as military workers.

If the $230 subsidy is not extended, federal employees could stick with their
current commuting options and make up the difference from their own pockets, or
seek other alternatives, such as slugging, carpooling, or driving alone.

It is too soon to know how VRE would be affected by a drop in the $230 subsidy,
said Stafford supervisor Paul Milde, chairman of the VRE Operations Board.

"We don't know frankly what the impact will be. We do know that ridership has
continued to grow, and that is a result of many factors, not solely the
increased subsidy," Milde said.

There wasn't a noticeable spike in ridership about the time the higher benefit
was introduced, he said.

"I would like to think that people, for whatever reason, once they've started
riding the VRE develop a great appreciation for riding the rail and will
continue to be our customers," Milde said.

But he worries that a lower subsidy could add more vehicles back on Interstates
95 and 66.

He said lawmakers should consider the cost of funding the subsidy in the context
of highway expenses.

"It's something they should compare to the cost of building more roads or
putting down the pavement, because one way or the other, we have to pay for the
transportation network," Milde said.

Kelly Hannon: 540/374-5436

Email: khannon@freelancestar.com

To see more of The Free Lance-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://fredericksburg.com/flshome. Copyright (c) 2010, The Free Lance-Star,
Fredericksburg, Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101201-FB-Is-commuter-subsidy-at-risk-1201-20101201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2010 The Free Lance-Star


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 3, 1991 Tuesday

Agricultural subsidies

BYLINE: Peter H. Sutherland; GAM

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Re Subsidies To Canadian Farmers Rising, by Peter Cook (Aug. 15):
   Canada and the other members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade have targeted the reduction of trade distorting subsidies as a major
objective of the current Uruguay Round negotiations. The Organization for
Economic Co-operation and Development subsidy numbers referred to in the
article are based on a technical measure known as the producer subsidy
equivalent (PSE). This is an aggregate yardstick used by the OECD to
measure the monetary value of all direct and indirect transfers to
farmers. However, the PSE does not distinguish between assistance which is
trade distorting and that which is not. For example, export subsidies are
treated in the same way as spending on research and inspection programs to
maintain food safety standards. This qualitative distinction is important.

Canada has not led the recent global use in farm subsidies, but rather
has reacted to that rise to cushion the impact on this country's
producers. The increase in Canada's PSE in recent years in large part
reflects the income support payments made to Canadian grain producers to
compensate them for the severe price depressing effects of the export
subsidy war waged by the United States and the European Community. Such
assistance to compensate Canadian producers would not be necessary if
agreement is reached in the Uruguay Round to curtail export subsidies.
Disciplining this most trade-distorting form of support is one of Canada's
priority objectives in the negotiations.

The article also refers to a 1990 OECD study which purported to show
that the cost per farm job in Canada may be $100,000 and that farm output
could fall as much as 17 per cent if subsidies were to be eliminated
completely. The validity of these estimates has been criticized in many
quarters because of certain incorrect technical assumptions that were
made. What's more important is the over-all conclusion of the study: that
liberalization of agricultural trade would have positive benefits for all
OECD countries. It is for this reason that Canada attaches so much
importance to a successful outcome of the Uruguay Round agriculture
negotiations.
 Peter H. Sutherland
Director General
International Trade Policy Directorate
Agriculture Canada
Ottawa

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                MintAsia (India)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

NDA hits the reset button on subsidies

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 4 -- The Union budget 2016-17 on Monday cut the government
subsidy bill by almost 3% in line with the government's stated goal to trim
subsidies and plug leakages. To take it further, the government plans to
introduce a new bill in the budget session for targeted cash transfers using the
Aadhaar framework. While petroleum subsidies saw the biggest cut due to low
crude oil prices, food and fertilizer subsidies were cut modestly. The 2016-17
budget estimated India's subsidy bill at '2.5 trillion, '7,368 crore lower than
the revised estimate of '2.58 trillion for 2015-16. However, this is higher than
the 2015-16 budgeted estimate of '2.44 trillion.

A critical component of minimum government and maximum governance is to ensure
targeted disbursement of subsidies, finance minister Arun Jaitley said . "Public
money should reach the poor and the deserving without any leakage," he added.
The government is also considering legislative validity for targeted subsidy
using Aadhaar number. "This will be a transformative piece of legislation which
will benefit the poor and the vulnerable," the finance minister said. "Right now
Aadhar has no legislative backing and the bill was previously withdrawn from
Parliament," said Himanshu, associate professor, Centre for Economic Studies and
Planning, Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi. "What we need is an integrated
platform which will show who gets what benefits, so that benefits don't get
replicated. Then it will become a useful tool for social security. It will then
become like the social security number in the US," he added. Despite more states
and Union Territories- 27 so far-implementing the National Food Security Act,
the food subsidy bill was lowered to '1.35 trillion, compared to the revised
estimate of '1.39 trillion in 2015-16. Fertilizer subsidies were lowered
marginally from '72,438 crore in 2015-16 (revised estimate) to '70,000 crore in
2016-17. The largest dip came on account of petroleum subsidy, which was lowered
by 10.2%, from '30,000 crore in 2015-16 to '26,947 crore in 2016-17. "We have
already introduced direct benefit transfer (DBT) in LPG," the finance minister
said in his speech, adding, "Based on this successful experience, we propose to
introduce DBT on pilot basis for fertilizer in a few districts across the
country, with a view to improving the quality of service delivery to farmers."
Over the past year, the direct benefit or cash transfer of subsidies saw a big
push for domestic cooking gas or liquefied petroleum gas. However, except for a
handful of Union Territories, states have so far refused to come on board to
implement the cash transfer of food subsidy. However, the finance minister said
in his budget that of the 5.35 lakh fair price shops (which distributes
subsidised foodgrains to the poor) in the country, automation facilities will be
provided in three shops by March 2017. This is further expected to plug leakages
under the food subsidy bill. The PAHAL scheme of transferring LPG subsidies
through direct cash transfers reduced leakages by 24%, the Economic Survey
released last week said. It added that the fertilizer sector was the next
promising target as only 35% of the total subsidy amount reaches small farmers.
"I want to take this opportunity to express our gratitude and appreciation for
the 75 lakh middle-class and lower middle-class households who have voluntarily
given up their cooking gas subsidy, in response to the call given by the Prime
Minister," finance minister Jaitley said in his budget speech, adding, "their
gesture is a matter of pride for the country."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from MintAsia. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2016 HT Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                              June 21, 2015 Sunday

State subsidies rising, not diminishing as earlier bared

BYLINE: David Cagahastian

LENGTH: 378  words


State subsidies continue to rise in recent years and at rates that as late as
2010 scandalized Malacanang enough to order a review of the pay package and
fringe benefits received by government executives and the rank and file. Latest
data show subsidy funds granted to government-owned and -controlled corporations
(GOCCs) amounted to P4.48 billion as of April 2015, subsidies seen to rise some
more as the year unfolds.

This developed even as state funds critically needed by such services as
mass-public transit systems and facilities such as ports and airports are sorely
needed but ineffectually addressed by a bureacracy rather insensitive to the
transport needs of the riding public.

Data from the Bureau of the Treasury (BTr) indicated that government subsidies
for the first four months of the year amounted only to P4.48 billion, although
total subsidies are expected to increase later in the year as the scheduled
big-ticket subsidies have yet to be released.

Despite the ongoing rationalization program seeking to put more relevance to the
operations of many GOCC, state subsidies to the various GOCCs under President
Aquino has not eased as originally expected but has instead steadily increased
in recent years.

For the full year of 2014, total subsidies made to GOCCs amounted to P80.44
billion, or an increase by 21 percent from the subsidies granted to GOCCs in
2013, which amounted only to P66.33 billion.

In 2012 government subsidies to GOCCs amounted to P42.64 billion, or an increase
by 36 percent, and directly refutes a stated policy to put a damper on
unwarranted state expenses.

The biggest recipients of the subsidies include National Electrification
Administration (P731 million); Philippine Children's Medical Center (P607
million); Social Housing Finance Corp. (P513 million); National Irrigation
Administration (P455 million); National Power Corp. (P315 million);

Philippine Postal Corp. (P301 million); National Home Mortgage Finance Corp.
(P250 million); Philippine Heart Center (P159 million); Local Water Utilities
Administration (P151 million); Philippine National Railways (P136 million);
Philippine Rice Research Institute (P121 million); Tourism Promotions Board
(P125 million), and; National Kidney and Transplant Institute (P103 million).

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           January 11, 1997, Saturday

Govt aims to slash subsidies under 5-year 'sunset' system

BYLINE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 334 words


The Finance Ministry wants to adopt a five-year subsidy review system in an
attempt to drastically cut government grants to local regions and certain
industries, sources said Thursday.

Under the new "sunset" formula, subsidies would undergo fundamental reviews by
the ministry after five years with the intention of discontinuing the aid.

Subsidies required under the nation's education laws and those not required by
law but given to policy implementation projects for fixed periods of time, such
as public works projects, will be excluded from the proposed review, sources
said.

Subsidies to political parties will also be exempted from the review.

Government subsidies are given by the state to local entities, public
corporations and private organizations.

Of 2,223 subsidies, 1,139, or 51.2 percent, will be up for review, including 445
cases nearing the end of their grant period.

The subsidies amounted to 18.736 trillion yen, or 43.3 percent of general
expenditures, in fiscal 1996.

Sources said officials are studying the possibility of including the "sunset"
formula in a fiscal reconstruction bill the government is planning to submit to
the next ordinary Diet session.

Critics contend that subsidies are harmful to the independence of local
governments and, once offered, become vested interests, making them difficult to
abolish.

Some have also pointed out that the subsidy system has become a hotbed of
corruption involving central government bureaucrats.

The government has been reviewing the roles shared by the central and local
governments and the consolidation of subsidies.

However, the amount of subsidies has been increasing by 2 to 5 percent annually
since fiscal 1990, making it necessary for the central government to reduce
subsidies to carry out fiscal reforms.

Sources said the ministry will watch a review of government subsidies now being
made by a decentralization promotion committee and work on legislation based on
their observations.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Daily Yomiuri


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                            December 5, 2011 Monday

Before Fuel Subsidy Goes

BYLINE: Sam Nda-Isaiah

LENGTH: 1607 words


Anytime from now, the fuel subsidy will be removed. President Goodluck Jonathan
and his associates have made up their minds to do so, cheered and goaded by the
World Bank and pundits from the West who insist that subsidy is so bad that it
would destroy us. The president has also told us that if we do not remove the
subsidy, Nigeria would start importing fuel from Ghana and Cameroon in 15 years.

Well, the president forgets that, actually, we currently import fuel from a
nation like Singapore, a country that does not produce a drop of crude oil, and
we are also probably just days away from importing fuel from Niger Republic, a
country much poorer than Nigeria. Niger actually deliberately planned to reap
from Nigeria's poor management by siting its refinery, with a capacity far in
excess of what they need, very close to our border. The Zinder refinery shall
produce 30,000 barrels per day. The Nigeriens need only 10,000 daily; the
balance of 20,000 barrels is meant for Nigeria. They intend to make a killing.

Subsidy removal or no subsidy removal, as long as the current level of
corruption around government is not harshly dealt with, it will take much less
than the president's 15 years for us to start importing fuel from Ghana and
Cameroon. In fact, I expect a very good government from some desperately poor
countries like Burkina Faso to take advantage of our failed system and build
refineries, import our crude, refine it and then sell back to us at a huge
profit - exactly the same way Singapore does it today. Singapore currently
refines two million barrels of crude daily even though it does not produce any
oil.

The refinery in Niger was built by a partnership of the Chinese and the Niger
Republic government. Why shouldn't the Nigerian government do exactly that? The
Chinese have been coming over here, buying up our crude and oil blocks. Why
can't all those who are currently preaching subsidy removal invite the same
Chinese to the table and ask them to partner with us and build refineries here,
and allow them to manage the plants, since one of the excuses the government
gives is that they (the government) cannot run a public enterprise? Another
excuse they continue to give is that when they award contracts for the
turnaround maintenance (TAM) of our four refineries, the contractors steal the
money and don't do the work. They don't even understand that one of the duties
of every government is to punish such corrupt practices that affect the
wellbeing of the people. In China, such contractors are executed and, in the
United States, they don't waste time putting handcuffs on such miscreants.

As for the western countries who have been goading the Nigerian president to
remove subsidy on fuel instead of pressuring him to establish more refineries
with better management, they would first have to stop the various subsidies in
their own countries before they start teaching us about the economics of subsidy
. Last year, a total of  39billion (thirty-nine billion euros) was spent on
agricultural subsidies in the European Union countries. A total of almost 40% of
EU's budget goes to agricultural and fisheries subsidy annually. As for the
United States, nearly $1billion (one billion dollars) is spent on different
types of agricultural subsidies daily. In fact, a cow in the European Union
countries receives more subsidy than a Nigerian. Countries choose sectors that
are critical for them to subsidise and, if some countries would choose to
subsidise agriculture, such countries do not also have the choice to tell us
what to subsidise or not. Technically, the Chinese actually subsidise their
currency, the Renminbi (RMB), and the Americans have been complaining about
that, as usual. But the Chinese leaders insist on acting in the best interest of
their people.

Besides, no one is really asking for any real subsidy as long as the refineries
would be built here. If the refineries are built here the same way that the
Niger Republic government has just built theirs, Nigerians would be buying fuel
at a price without the cost of freight that the government defrays, which it
calls subsidy. And if we build refineries, millions of jobs would be a bonus.
So, let all government functionaries who have been evangelising about fuel
subsidy removal turn their energies and oratory towards the establishment of
refineries around Nigeria.

The president and governors are hell-bent about the removal of subsidy because
there is no longer cash to run the government, and nobody is asking where the
cash has gone. The cash, of course, has gone into purchases of large properties
in Asokoro, Maitama, Wuse 2, Ikoyi, Victoria Island and other choice cities
around the world. If the Jonathan government would do a census of the ownership
of all the properties in Maitama and Asokoro alone and see those who own them,
even the president himself would be alarmed. Ninety per cent would not be owned
by businessmen. If they don't belong to political officeholders and civil
servants, both serving and former, then, he can go ahead with his fuel subsidy
removal and people would applaud.

The list of the beneficiaries of subsidies was released by the Senate on Friday
and published by the newspapers; we need to check whether government
functionaries do not regularly build their own bribes into the invoices they
submit in the name of subsidy payments.

Nigerians do not appear to believe the president about the reasons he has been
advancing for the need for fuel subsidy removal. The president said the proceeds
would be used to build infrastructure. Nigerians believe the money would be
stolen by the civil servants and politicians again. Nobody says President
Jonathan is corrupt; at least I have not heard people say so. But people talk
about the massive corruption that goes around his government that the president
is yet to show any inclination at.

The president and his people keep threatening us that if they don't remove the
subsidy, the economy would collapse. The president obviously doesn't know that,
for most Nigerians, the economy has collapsed already. So has the administration
of government. Most Nigerians have not had a paying job for as long as they can
remember and the government doesn't discuss it as we see in other countries.
People cannot send their children to decent schools and the public hospitals
have all but collapsed. Insecurity is at its highest. Last night, a gang of
armed robbers held Azare to ransom for three hours in the wee hours of the
morning with bombs, raiding two banks and police stations. Armed robbers now
operate with bombs.

A few days earlier, a group of people suspected to be Boko Haram members held
Damaturu, a Nigerian state capital, to ransom in the same manner, killing more
than 200 people in one night. The police headquarters in Abuja has been bombed,
as has the UN headquarters in Abuja.

The question that many Nigerian would ask the president in his bid to remove the
fuel subsidy is: what happened to the money that has accrued from the removal of
the subsidy on diesel? The Yar'Adua/Jonathan government removed the subsidy on
diesel in 2009 and we know that it is the diesel that virtually powers the
nation today and not NEPA. So what happened to the huge amount that has been
saved from the subsidy removal? What infrastructure have they constructed? The
diesel subsidy removal probably gave the opportunity for more public servants to
acquire more properties in Maitama, Asokoro and Wuse 2 in Abuja.

My advice to the government free of charge is this: Enter into an agreement with
the Nigerien government to supply its excess 20,000 barrels of fuel daily from
Zinder Refinery as quickly as possible. That should supply parts of the north.
The government should then enter into the same arrangement with the Chinese
company that constructed the refinery, Lanzhou Petrochemical Company of China,
to construct several of those refineries in Nigeria and manage them. By the time
that is done, businessmen would only need to lift from different points and sell
to the public and not have to import from abroad. But the government should also
note that it will not sell crude at the same international price that it sells
to outsiders to these local refineries. Foreign countries that export goods to
us do not sell at the same export price to their own people. The subsidy in that
case will not be in the form of government heavily paying out cash to its
businessmen as it currently does.

If the West subsidises agriculture heavily, let us also subsidise fuel because
fuel is at the heart of everything in Nigeria. Yes, we should subsidise
Nigerians and not the fuel cartels, who are mostly hands-in-glove with
government officials to defraud the coffers of the state.

But all these would come to naught if the president does not start fighting
corruption harshly. Like I once said on this page, a lot of money is being made
and stolen from revenue generating parastatals of government. Much can accrue to
government from NPA, CBN, FIRS, Customs, etc. Already, the Customs has already
doubled its projected revenues. Many of them have not been audited for more than
a decade. It is money from such agencies that Singapore, for instance, has used
to become a developed nation.

The president should listen to good counsel. Even General Yakubu Gowon, a former
head of state who managed the Nigerian economy for nine years including the
civil war without borrowing a cent, has admonished him against proceeding with
this subsidy removal. If the president is not going to listen to some of us, at
least, he could gain from the wisdom of Gowon who was there before him.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 5, 2010 Tuesday

Iranian Majlis rejects government's request to withdraw bill on subsidies

LENGTH: 1381 words


Text of news report by the Economic Desk headlined "Government asked for
withdrawal, Majlis refused" published by Iranian newspaper Hamshahri on 4
January 2010

On 13 Dey [3 January 2010] after the bill on targeted subsidies had been debated
for a whole year, the government asked for it to be withdrawn because it did not
take into account the government's views, but Majlis deputies opposed that
request. In the session of the Majlis on 13 Dey, the Majlis debated the report
of the special committee on economic transformation about removing the three
objections that the Guardian Council had made to the bill on targeted subsidies.
After the Majlis had removed [amended] two objections that the Guardian Council
had made to the bill, the government asked for the bill to be returned to the
government before articles 12 and 15 of the bill, which concerned the third
objection of the Guardian Council, were debated.

The government's justification for submitting its request to the Majlis for the
withdrawal of the bill was that it had expected its views to be taken into
account in amending articles 12 and 15 of the bill. However, the proposal that
received a majority vote in the committee and was to be debated in the open
session of the Majlis did not meet the government's demands. The government
believes that what the special committee has approved has not removed the main
point of contention between the Majlis and the government, and the sources
[funds] for the targeted subsidies are still included in the annual budgets.

The Majlis will decide tomorrow

In view of the Majlis's opposition to return the bill on targeted subsidies [to
the government], the investigation of the resolution of the special committee
for removing the third objection of the Guardian Council to the bill has been
put on the agenda of tomorrow's Majlis session.

It is possible that by tomorrow unofficial consultations can result in approving
a resolution that would satisfy the government's views. However, due to the
opposition of some influential members of the Majlis, such as Ahmad Tavakkoli
and Elyas Naderan to the government's request, it is unlikely that it would
happen [approving a resolution that would satisfy the government's views].

These Majlis deputies object to the way that the special committee on economic
transformation has dealt with the Guardian Council's objections to the bill on
targeted subsidies. In order to remove the objection made by the Guardian
Council regarding articles 12 and 15, the committee has included its view in
response to the government's objection about the formation of an organization
for [to supervise] targeted subsidies in article 15. In other words, while
considering the objections of the Guardian Council [to the bill], the special
committee on economic transformation has added a new article to the bill, which
has not removed the concern about article 15, but article 15 itself has been
dropped [sentence as published].

On 13 Dey, when the bill on targeted subsidies was put on the agenda [to be
debated by the Majlis] some Majlis deputies made some points and protested
against that action by the special committee.

Presenting a bill with two urgencies to amend the bill on targeted subsidies

After Majlis's rejection of the government's demand to return the bill on
targeted subsidies, some Majlis deputies proposed that after the final approval
of the bill, in order to solve the executive difficulties for the implementation
of the bill, the government should submit a bill with two urgencies for amending
the Majlis resolution.

In fact, now with the Majlis's opposition to returning the bill on targeted
subsidies, the government should get ready to implement the resolution approved
by the Majlis. It can then present its subsequent demands in the form of some
bills to amend the bill that the Majlis has approved.

Mohammad Reza Mirtajoddini, vice-president in charge of parliamentary affairs,
also said: "That proposal is being considered [by the government]." He added:
"Executive procedures for the implementation of that bill must be prepared. The
government is still intent on implementing targeted subsidies. However, we
believe that implementing the Majlis resolution, without taking into account the
government's views, will give rise to many problems."

Mohammad Reza Bahonar, deputy Majlis speaker, said: "We think that after the
bill on targeted subsidies is turned into law, in our discussions with the
government they would also be persuaded [that the law is correct]. After
implementing the bill on targeted subsidies, if the government faces some minor
problems it would have the chance of submitting an amendment or a bill or
executive regulations in order to prepare the ground for the implementation of
that bill."

The government's proposal is contrary to the law

Elyas Naderan, one of the opponents of the government's proposal, was asked
whether in its next session the Majlis would satisfy the government's demand
regarding the bill on targeted subsidies or not. He said: "The government's
explicit proposal is that the costs in connection with the targeted subsidies
should not be included in annual budgets. This is both contrary to the
constitution, as well as limiting the powers of Majlis deputies."

This member of the economic committee [of the Majlis] said: "The government
would like to form a company so that it can deposit all the income [presumably
from the targeted subsidies] in that company's account. The special committee
has also agreed with that proposal, but of course the open session [of the
Majlis] has not yet taken a decision about that issue."

Naderan continued: "I believe that the government is not concerned with the
cases to which the Guardian Council has objected. For this reason, I believe
that the Majlis must go beyond this stage and must approve the law and must pass
it on to the government. Later on, the common concerns of the government and the
Majlis regarding the implementation of the law can be considered."

The Majlis's resolve in implementing the bill on targeted subsidies

Ahmad Tavakkoli, the director of Majlis's Research Centre, said that the
government's decision to ask the Majlis to return the bill on targeted subsidies
was unacceptable to Majlis deputies. He announced: "The Majlis is seriously
pursuing the goal of implementing the law on targeted subsidies."

In an interview with Fars [News Agency], he said: "By taking into consideration
the economic situation of the country and national interests, the Majlis has
spent hours providing expert scrutiny of that bill, and this is why it intends
to see that the law on targeted subsidies will be implemented."

Tavakkoli pointed out that after the Majlis had considered various expert views
on the bill, the government insisted that the Majlis should return the bill to
it. He added: "This decision was unacceptable to Majlis deputies. This is why
they refused to return it."

This member of the plan and budget committee of the Majlis pointed out: "It is
the duty of both the government and the Majlis to supervise the work of the
organization in charge of implementing the targeted subsidies. Personally, I am
against adding another article to the bill on targeted subsidies, and I believe
that it is an unlawful act."

This Majlis deputy pointed out that only at one stage the government is entitled
to ask a bill to be returned to it from the Majlis. He said: "In case the
objections to the bill on targeted subsidies are removed and if this bill is
finally approved by the Majlis, then it has to be implemented."

The decisions taken on 13 Dey

On 13 Dey, the Guardian Council's objections to the bill on targeted subsidies
were resolved. Consequently, on the basis of the Majlis approval, the government
is required to implement the decision to correct the prices of energy items
contained in the bill on targeted subsidies, by taking into account geographical
locations [circumstances]. Also, according to the bill on targeted subsidies, it
[the government] is allowed to fix the price for different uses of water on a
step by step basis, by defining the type and the consumption of water while
taking into consideration various geographical circumstances.

Source: Hamshahri newspaper, printed in Iran, on 4 January 2010, Economy page

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 2, 2007, Thursday

Bumper crop;
Farm subsidies for rich

BYLINE: Gzedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 520 words


ORIGINALLY, federal farm subsidies were supposed to rescue family farmers,
protecting them from unpredictable weather and market prices.

Created in 1933 under President Franklin Roosevelt, subsidies were designed to
help small growers survive the Depression and Dust Bowl disasters. Back then, 25
percent of Americans still lived on farms. Now, less than 1 percent do.

Today, 74 years later, agricultural subsidies mostly enrich moneymaking giant
corporate farms. They got the lion's share of $21 billion in government payments
last year. Many economists believe those subsidies may also help force small
farms into bankruptcy and keep young people from starting new farms. The Daytona
Beach News-Journal commented:

"In 2002, when Congress was controlled by Republicans, a $180 billion farm bill
lathered the subsidies on those who didn't need them, with the following
results: The top 1 percent of beneficiaries claimed 17 percent of crop subsidy
benefits between 2003 and 2005. In that category, the average payment over three
years was $377,484 per beneficiary."

USA Today said subsidies "favor a tiny sliver of the largest agribusinesses: The
top 10 percent of recipients get nearly three-fourths of subsidy payments, while
the bottom 80 percent divide up a scant 12 percent."

The Guardian of Britain added that subsidies are "a cash cow for wealthy
landowners and industrial-sized farms."

Last week, the House of Representatives passed a new giveaway co-sponsored by
Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., authorizing $286 billion in payments over the
next five years. The bill will eliminate subsidies for married couples earning
more than $2 million and individuals earning more than $1 million a year from
farms. That will stop payments to 3,100 big-money farmers, according to the
Agriculture Department.

Pelosi's bill also will increase payments during the next five years. Some large
farms already get between 20 percent and 40 percent of their annual gross
revenues from those subsidies, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.

Many farmers and politicians from agricultural states opposed renewing the large
subsidies. Food and environmental activists also questioned the bill, saying
more money should go to promote environmentally friendly farms. But the new bill
won support from some Democrats by including $4 billion for food stamp, child
nutrition and school lunch programs.

Plowshares & Pork Barrels, a new book by the libertarian Independent Institute,
argues that current farm subsidy programs "confer most of the benefits on
individuals whose wealth and incomes are considerably greater than those of the
average taxpayer footing the bill.... The benefits are highly concentrated on
the few who can afford to expend time and effort to influence the political
process, while the costs are widely dispersed among taxpayers and consumers."

During the Depression, farm subsidies helped multitudes of needy farmers. The
concept may still have some positive effects. But it is unfortunate that the
House caved in to the nation's wealthiest farmers by passing this new
legislation. We hope it is modified by the Senate.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                           October 5, 2005 Wednesday

NO MERALCO POWER HIKES UNTIL NEXT YEAR

LENGTH: 420 words


RESIDENTIAL customers of the Manila Electric Co. (Meralco), which are subsidized
by industrial power consumers, will remain protected from price hikes in their
electricity bills, since the government has extended the removal of these same
subsidies until November 2006, Ivanna dela Pena, Meralco's vice president for
utility economics reported Tueday.

Already approved by the Energy Regulatory Commission, this one-year extension
has delayed expected completion of the interclass subsidy removal process
envisioned by November this year under the Energy and Power Industry Reform Act
(Epira).

"We were informed by the commission today that it has approved the extension and
the order implementing this will be released very soon," dela Pena said.

Although Epira mandates the removal of intergrid, intra-grid, and interclass
cross-subsidies over a period of three years, the commission has the power to
extend the removal process to consider its adverse effect particularly on the
residential end-users.

The commission's permission to extend the removal of the interclass cross
subsidies will will allow Meralco to split the removal of the inter-class cross
subsidies into two equal phases, dela Pena said.

Half of the interclass cross subsidies will be removed this November while the
other half will be removed in November 2006.

Dela Pena believes that the two-phased removal of the subsidies will cushion the
impact of the Epira-mandated process to the currently subsidized residential
sector.

Another mitigating factor, she added, is the completion of the intragrid subsidy
removal of the National Transmission Corp. (Transco), which supplies power to
Meralco.

The removal of the intra-grid subsidies will reduce transmission charges of
Meralco residential customers by 6 centavos for every kWh and P20.42 for every
kW for commercial and industrial users this November.

Removing the inter-class subsidies and Transco's intra-grid subsidies will lead
to an add-on of P0.15 for every kWh.

Meralco clarified that lifeline subsidies are exempted from the cross-subsidy
phase-out for a period of 10 years unless extended by law.

Even as cross subsidies are removed, Meralco residential customers consuming 50
kWhs and below a month will continue to enjoy a 50-percent discount on their
monthly bill; those consuming 51 to 70 kWhs, a 35-percent discount; while those
consuming 71 to 100 kWhs, a 20-percent discount.

Lifeline users numbered 1.5 million in July 2005, which comprises 38 percent of
Meralco residential customers.

Niel V. Mugas

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 23, 2010 Wednesday

All talk, no summit action on the end to fossil-fuel subsidies

BYLINE: JEFFREY SIMPSON

SECTION: COMMENT COLUMN; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 788 words


jsimpson@globeandmail.com

Nine months ago, when the G20 leaders met in Pittsburgh, they pledged to
"rationalize and phase out over the medium term fossil-fuel subsidies that
encourage wasteful consumption." These subsidies, they said in the final
communiqué, reduce energy security and "undermine efforts to deal with the
threat of climate change."

Ah yes, climate change, the subject Prime Minister Stephen Harper hates. Two
weeks ago, while visiting Europe, he called the subject a "sideshow" that
wouldn't get any attention at G8 and G20 summits focused on the economy.
European leaders considered his position to be so fossilized that a week ago
Monday, at 3 p.m., Mr. Harper had to reverse himself by issuing a revised agenda
that, yes, included climate change. Once again - how many times has it been? -
Canada's position on climate change has proved to be an international
embarrassment.

Needless to say, Mr. Harper, as host, won't be putting the pedal to the metal on
eliminating fossil-fuel subsidies or doing anything about climate change. But at
least a few other leaders might. After all, at Pittsburgh, the leaders
instructed energy and finance ministers to report on how G20 countries were
dealing with both.

How large fossil-fuel subsidies are worldwide is an interesting question,
especially given British Petroleum's ruinous and graphic oil gusher befouling
part of the Gulf of Mexico. The International Energy Agency, representing the
big consuming countries, estimates that in 20 non-members of the Organization
for Economic Co-operation and Development, fossil-fuel subsides represented
$310-billion in 2007. Put those together with $265-billion in agricultural
subsidies within the OECD and that makes a tidy $575-billion in subsidies for
fossil fuels among big countries outside the OECD and for farmers inside the
OECD.

The trouble with the G20 reducing fossil-fuel subsidies is that although some of
the countries at the Toronto summit subsidize heavily (Saudi Arabia, Indonesia,
Russia), most of the worst offenders, including Venezuela, Iran and a bunch of
Arab states, are not G20 countries. Cheap gasoline and other petroleum products
are deemed the heritage of consumers in those oil-producing nations.
Authoritarian governments bribe citizens with cheap fuel and justify the policy
as helping the needy. Subsidies also help to suppress political dissent.

Some G20 countries have also rushed to protect Big Coal from any burden placed
upon it as a huge emitter of carbon. Oil and natural-gas companies also have
been exceedingly successful in North America at delaying or frustrating serious
attempts to put a price on the carbon they emit. Given the lassitude of the
Harper government, and the political constipation of the U.S. Congress, it
appears their success will continue for some time.

In China, India and other developing countries, coal remains king: a cheap,
abundant, domestic source of energy, central to their modernization efforts.
Neither emerging giant will remotely commit to absolute reduction targets for
their greenhouse-gas emissions, just improvements in the intensity of energy
use, the same approach favoured by Alberta in Canada. It's an approach
guaranteed to produce more emissions, but at a slower rate of increase than if
nothing had been done.

The key to doing what G20 leaders said they wanted in Pittsburgh is to
recalculate what subsidies mean. In their communiqué, they exempted subsidies
for "clean" technologies and fuels, mainly biofuels.

As the Institute for Sustainable Development showed in a compendious report on
biofuels, subsidizing corn-based ethanol is counterproductive. The
cost-per-tonne reduction of carbon dioxide through corn-based ethanol makes
those subsidies among the least-efficient use of taxpayers' money imaginable.
Worse, there are so many subsidy programs available for farmers who produce
ethanol that the phenomenon of "subsidy stacking" is now widespread. So, good
ends do not necessarily make for wise subsidies.

Similarly, subsidies are implicit in any fossil-fuel use that does not impose a
price either on the producer or the consumer for the emissions that flow from
the use. In other words, the best way over time to reduce emissions is to
eliminate the implicit subsidies by requiring producers and users to pay a price
for the pollution.

A handful of European G20 countries are doing so through an emissions-trading
system. A couple of jurisdictions, including British Columbia, use a carbon tax.
Everybody else remains unwilling to contemplate, let alone do, the single most
important thing required to fulfill what the leaders said they wished to
accomplish in Pittsburgh, and presumably will repeat in Toronto.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                    Copyright (c) 1998 New Mexico Law Review
                             New Mexico Law Review

                                  Spring, 1998

                               28 N.M.L. Rev. 303

LENGTH: 25943 words

ARTICLE: STATE INVESTMENT ATTRACTION SUBSIDY WARS RESULTING FROM A PRISONER'S
DILEMMA: THE INADEQUACY OF STATE CONSTITUTIONAL SOLUTIONS AND THE
APPROPRIATENESS OF A FEDERAL LEGISLATIVE RESPONSE

NAME: MATTHEW SCHAEFER *

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, University of Nebraska College of Law, Lincoln,
Nebraska. I would like to thank Professor John Jackson, Georgetown University
Law School, for his guidance throughout my S.J.D. research. I would also like to
thank Denise Davis, my research assistant, for her research help on this article
and the editors of the New Mexico Law Review, particularly Kimberly Richards.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... The major types of subsidies employed by states for investment attraction
purposes include the following: ) Cash and land grants; ) Tax credits,
deductions and exemptions on a variety of taxes, including income, sales, use,
and property taxes; ) Low-interest loans and other financing assistance; )
Infrastructure dedicated to an enterprise; and ) Preferential government
purchasing practices.  ... However, other investment attraction subsidies are
granted to smaller companies under less targeted programs.  ... Competing
Versions of State Subsidy Wars There exist two competing versions of the
effectiveness of state investment attraction subsidies on the locational
decisions of businesses: Version #1: Subsidies Are an Effective Tool for
Attracting Investment States are engaged in subsidy wars because subsidies are
an effective tool for attracting investment.  ... Should state government
officials be trusted to properly identify externalities and measure the marginal
social benefits captured by an investment attraction subsidy?  ... The majority
found that the Toyota legislation did not violate Sections 49 and 50 of the
constitution since the bonds at issue could be considered revenue bonds.  ...
Dormant Commerce Clause restraints utilizing the Hellerstein/Coenen test are
insufficient to resolve the prisoner's dilemma since states may continue to
employ numerous tax incentives.  ... A bolder version of the legislation might
seek to eliminate any uncertainty surrounding dormant Commerce Clause
constraints by explicitly prohibiting subsidies that would run afoul of either
the Hellerstein/Coenen or Enrich test. ) "Green-light" Categories of Subsidies
Should Be Developed: Certain categories of subsidies should be exempt from
restrictions drawing on the "green- light" subsidies of the Uruguay Round
Subsidies Agreement.  ... Alternatively, one might also draw upon Professor
Enrich's distinction under the dormant Commerce Clause between subsidies for
investment attraction purposes and those for an environmental or other non-trade
or investment distorting purposes.

TEXT:
 [*303]

   INTRODUCTION


   Every state constitution allows for government subsidies to attract new
business investment towards the state.  n1 Therefore, state constitutions serve
as catalysts for economic development . . . right? Wrong. Instead, state
constitutions are serving as catalysts for wasteful and/or distortive government
subsidies. Yet, U.S. states continue to engage in investment attraction subsidy
wars because the states (including their politicians and judges) find themselves
in a "prisoner's dilemma."  n2 Indeed, many state constitutions contain
provisions that arguably should limit the ability of these states to grant
subsidies for investment attraction purposes. Yet, as a result of the prisoner's
dilemma, these provisions have been interpreted to provide little, if any,
limits.


   Each state would be better off if constraints were placed on all states
regarding the amount of investment attraction subsidies they could grant.
However, because states are unable to receive sufficient assurances that other
states will not grant investment attraction subsidies, they avoid the "heavy
sentence" that would be imposed upon them by maintaining, enacting or enforcing
unilateral state constitutional constraints. For the states, the heavy sentence
may come in the form of lost investment and employment and accompanying state
revenue streams. For individual politicians and judges, the sentence may come in
the form of political defeat.


   Economic theory recognizes that subsidies are damaging to welfare unless they
are granted to correct for an externality or market failure. States often
justify the subsidies they grant to attract investments based on expected net
increases in tax revenues. In other words, certain attracted investments lead to
greater social benefits than the market accounts for and thus this externality
must be corrected by granting a subsidy. The argument is that attracted
enterprises, particularly those that are large companies, will pay certain taxes
(even if the part of the incentives used to attract the business are partial tax
exemptions). Additionally, the attracted business'  [*304]  employees will pay
taxes, the attracted business may increase the income of existing businesses
that will pay additional taxes, and the attracted enterprise may attract other
enterprises that will locate in the state leading to further tax collections. So
what is wrong with creating a market among states for investment in which
subsidies are allowed as an element of the competition?


   f state subsidies on investment decisions of businesses. The first version is
that state subsidies actually do influence business decisions and that an
attractive incentive package can actually cause a business to invest in a state
in which it otherwise would not have chosen to place its investment.  n3 Under
this version, the efficient allocation of resources is being distorted leading
to inefficiencies within the national economy unless the subsidy corrects for an
externality. However, if states are unlikely to measure externalities properly,
then welfare will still be reduced or at least not enhanced. The second version
is that state subsidies have no effect on investment decisions of businesses.
n4 This second version may occur either because differences in competing subsidy
offers are not significant enough to overcome other factors that businesses
consider when making locational decisions or because competing bids by different
states will largely cancel one another out. Under this version, businesses base
their locational decisions on other factors and thus subsidies are unnecessary
"giveaways." Under either version, subsidy wars transfer much, or even all, of
the net social benefits to the attracted enterprise. Therefore, one does not
need to select between the two competing versions in order to conclude that
state subsidy wars for investment attraction should be curbed.


   Are there any existing means to remove states from this prisoner's dilemma?
Several states have entered into informal regional agreements seeking to curb
the use of relocation incentives and the National Governors' Association passed
a policy resolution applicable to all states.  n5 However, these agreements and
policies lacked any enforcement mechanism and failed to remove states from the
prisoner's dilemma they face. The U.S. Constitution's dormant Commerce Clause
may prohibit certain types of state subsidies but it does not provide
comprehensive constraints. Additionally, the class of typical plaintiffs under
the dormant Commerce Clause may have insufficient incentives to seek enforcement
of these constraints. International trade agreements have matured to address
subsidy practices. Unfortunately, there is little in current agreements that
will serve a "supplementary constitutional function" by significantly limiting
state subsidy wars for investment attraction since the focus of these agreements
is on international distortions rather than distortions within a national
economy. The international agreements may also suffer from a lack of plaintiffs
seeking enforcement of the constraints against investment attraction subsidies.


   The United States is not the only federation or vertically divided power
system seeking to restrain investment attraction subsidy wars among component
units. Indeed, other divided power systems have developed potential solutions to
the  [*305]  prisoner's dilemma confronting their component units of government.
A comparative examination of the weaknesses and strengths of the approaches of
these divided power systems as well as the weaknesses within the current U.S.
approach led to the conclusion that federal legislation is both necessary and
appropriate to solve the prisoner's dilemma causing state investment attraction
subsidy wars. Although there are many potential objections to such a solution,
the substantive constraints and enforcement mechanism adopted by the federal
legislation can be shaped to sharply reduce the force of these objections.


   Part I of this article seeks to define the term subsidy and gives a typology
of state subsidies employed for investment attraction purposes. Part II explores
the economics and polidy wars. It also elaborates on the two competing versions
of the effectiveness of state investment attraction subsidies and analyzes the
prisoner's dilemma that confronts the states, as well as their politicians and
judges. Part III examines potential state constitutional constraints on
investment attraction subsides. However, these potential constraints have been
significantly narrowed through interpretation by state judges influenced by the
prisoner's dilemma. Part IV examines other potential U.S. domestic restraints on
state investment attraction subsidies, including interstate agreements and
dormant Commerce Clause constraints. Part V analyzes potential international
constraints on state investment attraction subsidies. Part VI explores
approaches within Canada and the European Community that seek to minimize the
prisoner's dilemma that confronts their respective component units of
government. Part VII suggests an outline for a federal legislative solution to
curb state investment attraction subsidy wars and responds to possible critiques
of the proposed solution.


   I. SUBSIDIES DEFINED AND A TYPOLOGY OF STATE SUBSIDIES FOR INVESTMENT
ATTRACTION


   Beyond natural locational advantages, such as climate, land area, and
proximity to markets, states compete for investments utilizing three general
methods:


   1)

   Improving the quality of the overall business climate by, for instance,
improving the state educational system to produce an educated work force,
enhancing infrastructure within the state, maintaining or developing the
stability of the state's fiscal condition, and providing a predictable
legislative and regulatory environment;


   2)

   Reducing the stringency of generally applicable regulations by, for example,
lowering corporate tax rates or (to the extent allowed by federal law) lowering
environmental or labor standards; and


   3)

   Granting "subsidies."


   Of course, what constitutes a "subsidy" is a definitional problem.  n6 This
definitional problem relates to the difficulty of establishing the so-called
"neutral baseline context for economic choices."  n7 In the abstract, all
governmental actions  [*306]  could be considered as distorting private economic
choices. The relevant question is what governmental actions should be included
in the neutral baseline? Correspondingly, what types of actions should be
excluded from the neutral baseline and thus considered subsidies? Should the
neutral baseline only be composed of natural locational advantages? Or should
the neutral baseline include generally applicable tax rates and regulations that
differ among states? The listing of methods above assumes that natural
locational advantages as well as methods #1 and #2 should be considered as part
of the neutral baseline. To exclude methods #1 and #2 from the neutral baseline
would fail to recognize the benefits of regulatory competition between states
and that different territorial populations may have different preferences.  n8
For instance, it would be contrary to the goals of a federal system to consider
a state is offering a subsidy that may need to be limited or counteracted in
some fashion when it provides a strong educational system and lower tax rates
vis a vis other states. Indeed, a neutral baseline that excluded methods #1 and
#2 would cut at the very heart of federalism and lead to unnecessary pressures
for harmonization in state policies.  n9 Moreover, the neutral baseline selected
above that includes methods #1 and #2 comports with the conclusions of
roundtable discussions between state governors and business CEOs regarding the
methods by which states should compete for investment.  n10


   The major types of subsidies employed by states for investment attraction
purposes include the following:  n11


   1) Cash and land grants;


   2) Tax credits, deductions and exemptions on a variety of taxes, including
income, sales, use, and property taxes;


   3) Low-interest loans and other financing assistance;

     [*307]

   4) Infrastructure dedicated to an enterprise; and


   5) Preferential government purchasing practices.  n12


   Many states target incentives at a limited number or even a single large
enterprise.  n13 For example, the enormous incentive deals granted by Southern
states to attract foreign automobile manufacturers, such as BMW, Mercedes, and
Toyota, were targeted programs.  n14 However, other investment attraction
subsidies are granted to smaller companies under less targeted programs.


   II. THE ECONOMICS AND POLITICAL ECONOMY OF STATE-LEVEL SUBSIDIES


   A. "Thanks but No Thanks": Differences in the Economics of Subsidies Between
the International and National Contexts  n15


   Under standard economic assumptions, state subsidies distort investment and
trade patterns such that, in the absence of a market failure or externalities
that the subsidy attempts to correct, welfare within the nation is reduced as
resources are utilized less efficiently.  n16 However, a reduction in national
welfare does not necessarily mean that all states suffer a reduction in welfare.
Indeed, we might draw on international trade economics literature  n17 to
distinguish between three categories of states for purposes of analyzing welfare
effects: 1) the subsidizing state; 2) states that are net importers of a product
manufactured by a subsidized industry; and 3) states that are net exporters of a
product manufactured by a subsidized industry.


   1. The Subsidizing State


   A state that subsidizes an industry producing a particular good suffers a
welfare reduction because its subsidization results in the production of goods
beyond the point where marginal benefits equal marginal costs.  n18 Thus, we can
imagine why a state would want to enact a state constitutional provision
constraining the state's capacity to grant subsidies. In observable practice,
however, state constitutions have  [*308]  not served as a significant
limitation on the granting of state subsidies. The reason for this may have an
economic justification.


   Indeed, there is at least some doubt whether a subsidizing state has an
incentive to limit its capacity to grant subsidies. This doubt arises because
there is an important caveat to the conclusion that welfare of a subsidizing
state is reduced by granting the subsidy. Welfare may not be reduced if a
subsidy is granted to correct for an externality or market failure.  n19 For
instance, certain private actors may provide social benefits from engaging in
their activities for which the private market does not reward them. In other
words, marginal social benefits (or costs) may not be identical to the marginal
private benefits (or costs) because the private market may not value certain
benefits (or costs).  n20 An example might be the subsidization of dairy farmers
in Massachusetts. The existence of dairy farms in Massachusetts, it might be
argued, has a value, namely enhancing the culture, the atmosphere, and perhaps
even tourism of the state, that is not captured by the market. (If you find such
an argument to be strained, similar arguments are in fact made by the European
Community in international trade negotiations regarding its small farmers.)


   States generally attempt to justify investment attraction subsidies on the
basis of net tax revenue increases.  n21 For example, attracting a large
employer to a state through the granting of a subsidy may be justified because
of the public benefits the enterprise provides to the state. The large
enterprise may increase employment that in turn will increase tax revenues and
lower social benefit payments. The attracted enterprise may also increase state
tax revenues through its payment of future property and income tax payments
(even if part of the subsidy is to exempt the enterprise from some of these
taxes) and the tax payments of other companies that locate or remain in the
state as a result of the existence of the attracted enterprise. In short, the
attracted enterprise may provide certain social benefits that are not accounted
for by the market.


   2. States That Are Net Importers of a Product Manufactured by an Industry
Subsidized by Another State


   A net importing state of a subsidized good may actually have its welfare
increased because the welfare loss to its producers (that lose some sales and
profits as a result of the subsidized import) is overshadowed by the welfare
gain to its consumers (that pay lower prices for the subsidized good). Hence,
one might argue by analogizing to international trade economic theory that the
net importing state should send a "thank-you note" to a subsidizing state.  n22
However, "thank you" notes  [*309]  are not observed in practice. Rather, one
observes states engaging in subsidy wars to attract investment.


   Why do states not send "thank you" notes? There may be several reasons.
First, it may be difficult to achieve the income redistribution that would be
necessary to make all those in the importing state better off (i.e. achieve a
Pareto improvement by requiring consumers to compensate the domestic producers)
because highly visible instruments of income distribution are often politically
difficult to enact.  n23 Second, if the subsidization is predatory (i.e. seeking
to drive out competition), then the welfare gains will be short lived.  n24
Lastly, if the subsidy actually prevented business capital and employees from
moving to its state, then the state will lose tax revenue and other benefits
associated with the investment. Capital and labor are more mobile nationally
than internationally and thus the "thank you" note argument of international
trade economists is less likely to apply in the interstate context.


   3. States That Are Net Exporters of a Product Manufactured by an Industry
Subsidized by Another State


   A net exporting state will not send a "thank you" note to a subsidizing state
because it will suffer a welfare loss (because the producer welfare loss in such
states will exceed the welfare gains to consumers).  n25 States that are net
exporters of the product may also hesitate to send a "thank you" note for one of
the additional reasons identified above with respect to net importing states. A
net exporting state may also lose tax revenue and other benefits associated with
an investment if the subsidy prevents a business from locating in its state.


   B. Competing Versions of State Subsidy Wars


   There exist two competing versions of the effectiveness of state investment
attraction subsidies on the locational decisions of businesses:


   Version #1: Subsidies Are an Effective Tool for Attracting Investment


   States are engaged in subsidy wars because subsidies are an effective tool
for attracting investment. A state can actually change the investment location
decision of a business by offering that business a subsidy. Subsidies can
overcome locational advantages of another state such as a more educated work
force or closeness to a larger consumer base. A state aggressively utilizing
subsidies can create jobs, cure economic difficulties, or enhance economic
growth, and thus increase net tax revenues at a much quicker pace than through
longer-term policies such as increasing state education levels.


   Version #2: Subsidies Are an Ineffective Tool for Attracting Investment


   Subsidies are an ineffective tool for attracting investment. Businesses make
location decisions based on the general business climate of a state and other
natural advantages of locating within the state. The differences in subsidies
granted by states are not large enough to overcome other locational advantages
(hereinafter  [*310]  "version #2A"). Alternatively, competing subsidies may
entirely cancel one another out, leading business to locate in the state which
they would have chosen in the absence of the subsidy competition (hereinafter
"version #2B"). As a result, investment attraction subsidies are in essence
unnecessary "give-aways."


   If version #1 is correct, there is a risk that efficient allocation of
resources may be distorted and national welfare may be reduced. This risk is
present because states may offer subsidies without properly identifying and
measuring externalities. Indeed, how likely is this to be the case? Should state
government officials be trusted to properly identify externalities and measure
the marginal social benefits captured by an investment attraction subsidy?
Public choice theory suggests that politicians may grant subsidies to
well-organized, rent-seeking, special interests in order to advance their
political standing with groups likely to contribute to re- election campaigns.
n26 On a more general level, attracting major employees may give the politician
more favorable press attention in the short-term than longer term projects by
which a state could attract investment such as increasing state education
levels. Governors, as well as other state politicians, often face pressure to be
seen as "doing something," particularly in hard economic times.  n27 Political
considerations aside, states often will have difficulties accurately measuring
benefits of attracted enterprises and operate with less than perfect
information.  n28


   Version #2 paints an even darker picture. Under this version subsidies are
wasteful transfers regardless of whether states are properly measuring
externalities. If differences in competing subsidies are never large enough to
influence locational choice as alleged by version #2A, then the state chosen by
the enterprise would be chosen without granting the subsidy. The same conclusion
applies with greater force if version #2B is correct in its allegation that
subsidies entirely cancel one another out.


   Empirical data and surveys of business executives indicate that version #2 is
closer to reality than version #1, although there is some indication that
subsidies may act as a "tie-breaker" if all other factors are equal.  n29 It is
not necessary, however, to choose between these two versions to conclude that
state subsidy wars should be curbed. The subsidy wars reduce state revenue
collections and the provision of public goods that would occur if states limited
bidding wars. This is true even if version #1 is true and states are properly
measuring externalities. State subsidy wars result in a transfer of a large
amount of the positive externalities or extra social benefits to the attracted
enterprise. Indeed, "game theory" analysis suggests that states will increase
their bids until the net tax revenue effect is zero.  n30  [*311]  Yet, states
persist in these investment attraction subsidy wars because they find themselves
confronted with a prisoner's dilemma-type situation.


   C. States (and Their Officials) in a Prisoner's Dilemma-Type Situation


   The prisoner's dilemma is typically described as follows:


   Two prisoners are separately interrogated by the authorities, who attempt to
extract confessions from each implicating the other. If both are silent, each
will go free. If both confess, each will get a moderate sentence. If one
confesses and the other does not, the former will get a light sentence and the
latter a heavy sentence. Accordingly, both prisoners would be best off if each
remains silent, but each fears the other will confess. To avoid the danger of
the heavy sentence that would follow from the other's confession, each confesses
and incurs a moderate sentence. The prisoners are unable to reach their
preferred outcome (total silence) because they are unable to communicate and
reach a binding agreement.  n31


   How does the prisoner's dilemma apply to the situation of state subsidy wars?
Each state would be better off not offering investment attraction subsidies
(i.e. "remaining silent") with one small qualification. The small qualification
is added because ideally, in a situation in which two states are bidding against
one another, the state with the greater externalities should be allowed to be
the sole bidder and then only to the extent of the externality difference.  n32
However, since externalities may be difficult to measure and in many cases there
may not be significant differences between states in terms of externalities
associated with an attracted enterprise, this qualification is not so large.


   A state that idly sits by while other states offer investment attraction
subsidies will have a heavy sentence placed upon it as mobile capital and tax
revenues accompanying the capital flow to those other states. Individual
politicians and state judges, many of whom face retention elections, find
themselves in an individual prisoner's dilemma. If they remain silent by
refusing to offer or uphold incentive packages, they will be perceived of as "do
nothing" politicians or "obstructionist" judges by citizens of their state that
witness other states utilizing incentive packages.


   Thus, each state chooses to participate in the investment attraction subsidy
competitions (i.e. confess). As a result, each state incurs a sentence in the
form of  [*312]  reduced ability to provide public goods or a higher tax burden
on the general public. Even if the subsidy leads to a "net" increase in tax
revenue, the net increase in revenues are not as substantial as they would have
been had states communicated externality information and enforced an agreement
that only the state with the largest externality could bid and then only to the
extent of the externality difference. In a worst case scenario, improper
measurement of externalities or an "arms race"  n33 mentality in the bidding war
may lead to a net tax revenue loss for the "winning" state.


   III. POSSIBLE STATE CONSTITUTIONAL LIMITS ON INVESTMENT ATTRACTION SUBSIDIES:
STATE COURT INTERPRETATIONS IN THE PRISONER'S DILEMMA


   Many state constitutions contain provisions that appear on their face to act
as potential limits on states granting investment attraction subsidies,
particularly those subsidies targeted at a limited class of recipients. For
instance, many state constitutions prohibit the state from granting aid to,
making donations to, extending the credit of the state to, or assuming the debts
of, private corporations and individuals.  n34 While many of these same
constitutions contain explicit textual exceptions to these prohibitions for a
narrow set of circumstances such as "cases of public calamity,"  n35 the
development of energy resources,  n36 or "time of war,"  n37 these exceptions do
not apply in the context of most investment attraction subsidy wars. These state
constitutional prohibitions were adopted, at least in part, to ensure an
equality of treatment among all private actors operating within the state and
avoid the potential for corruption and influence peddling.  n38 Some states
adopting constitutional bans on aid to private corporations were overwhelmed
with legislation helping a select number and type of private actors,
particularly the railroads.  n39 Such legislation was passed because attracting
a railroad line was thought to be critical for economic development since the
existence of the railroad would attract other economic enterprises. This is
similar to the rationale behind granting subsidies to large companies for
investment attraction purposes today. These large employers will have a
multiplier effect on the rest of the economy.  [*313]  However, the
constitutional prohibitions were passed because it was believed that railroad
corporations gained favored status through heavy-handed tactics.  n40


   Other constitutional provisions arguably limiting a state's ability to offer
investment attraction incentives, particularly those targeted at a limited class
of recipients, include prohibitions on special legislation,  n41 requirements of
uniform taxation,  n42 requirements that state appropriations be for a public
purpose,  n43 and state equal protection clauses.  n44 However, state
constitutional provisions have been interpreted by state courts in a manner that
allows subsidies targeted towards a particular large enterprise.  n45 These
court opinions often evince an awareness of and concern over the prisoner's
dilemma and the heavy penalty that will be placed on a state unilaterally
disarming (and possibly the judges responsible for the unilateral disarmament).


   A. Colorado: Attracting United Airlines Constitutional?


   In 1991, Colorado Governor Roy Romer asked the Colorado Supreme Court to rule
on the facial constitutionality of using the Colorado Business Incentive Fund
(CBIF) to fund "intergovernmental agreements" with local governments for the
purposes of providing incentives for entities to establish new business
facilities in the state employing a substantial number of new employees.  n46
The funds in the CBIF are subject to annual appropriation by the Colorado
General Assembly. Under the proposed program, the state was to consider a number
of factors, including financial incentives provided by the local jurisdiction to
the private entity, the number of new jobs at the facility, the extent of
employment of Colorado residents, and the extent to which the new business
facility intended to contract with Colorado residents and companies for goods
and services at the new facility, before entering into an intergovernmental
agreement.  n47 In essence, the program would allow the state to use the CBIF to
help local governments in their efforts to attract private enterprises to locate
within the state.


   Under the legislation, intergovernmental agreements could not be entered into
unless there was an agreement between the local government and the business
entity that contained the following provisions and obligations: 1) that the
entity will operate the facility for 30 years and will provide 3,000 employees
with an average annual salary of $ 45,000; 2) that the entity will establish an
ancillary facility to be  [*314]  established by the tenth year that will employ
at least 2,000 additional persons; and 3) that certain sanctions and remedies
are available if the entity fails to meet the commitments entered into under the
agreement.  n48 Total incentives provided to the entity could not exceed $ 115
million. Additionally, money from the aviation fund (consisting of certain
revenues from state taxes on aviation fuel), that would ordinarily go to the
governmental entity operating the airport from which the taxes are derived,
would be transferred to the CBIF if the governmental entity entered into an
intergovernmental agreement.  n49 The apparent oddity of these provisions,
particularly the last one relating to the aviation fund, is explained when one
realizes that the entire program was established for the purposes of luring
United Airlines to build a new facility in Denver. Indeed, Governor Romer called
an extraordinary session of the legislature to consider the legislation, stating
that the United Airlines "deal" was a unique opportunity for the state because
of the number of new job opportunities in the United Airlines proposal to build
the maintenance facility in Denver.   n50


   Colorado's constitution article XI section 2 prohibits the state as well as
counties and cities from making "any donation or grant to, or in aid of, . . .
any corporation."  n51 Article V section 34 prohibits any appropriation "made
for charitable, industrial educational or benevolent purposes to any person,
corporation or community not under the absolute control of the state." The
majority in In re Interrogatory acknowledged that these prohibitions were
strictly enforced early in Colorado's jurisprudential history.  n52 Indeed,
early Colorado cases held that if the existence of a "public benefit" exempted a
transaction from these constitutional prohibitions, then these prohibitions
would be "utterly nugatory and valueless."  n53 Nonetheless, the majority in In
re Interrogatory noted that a public purpose exception to the prohibitions
contained in article XI section 2 and article V section 34 had developed in
later cases.  n54 However, to fall within the public purpose exception the
legislation is required to evince a "discrete and particularized" public purpose
which "preponderates over any individual interests incidentally served by the
statutory program."  n55 The majority identified two "discrete and
particularized" public purposes. The first was the development of new businesses
undertaking a long-term expansion of state employment, and the second was the
provision of direct and indirect benefits to the state aviation system.  n56


   Justice Kirshbaum, concurring in part and dissenting in part, felt that the
general power of the general assembly to legislate in the public interest was
limited by special constitutional provisions like article V section 34.
Therefore, the development of a broad public purposes exception to that
constitutional provision  [*315]  was illogical. He noted that appropriations to
destitute farmers (through county commissioners) after a drought-induced crop
failure had been previously struck down and that the public purpose exception
was only launched by a "bare majority" of the court in a case upholding
appropriations for payments to two retired supreme court justices.  n57 Justice
Kirshbaum believed that, although appropriations were directed into the CBIF,
the fund was a mere conduit through which appropriations would flow to private
corporations (in this instance, United Airlines).  n58


   Justice Kirshbaum also maintained that the public purpose exception carved
out in previous court cases did not allow legislation to avoid the prohibition
contained in article V section 34 on the basis of a broad public purpose, such
as job creation at issue in the United Airlines legislation. Justice Kirshbaum
distinguished other cases that relied on the public purpose exception, including
those upholding appropriations to housing programs for low-income persons and
student incentives, because the programs at issue truly were for a "discrete and
particularized" public purpose.  n59 The distinction he attempted was obviously
fraught with difficulties. However, the thrust of his argument was supported by
another dissenter who claimed that "the well-intentioned motive of
lawmakers...is not a surrogate for objective constitutional norms applicable to
legislative enactments."  n60


   The majority in In re Interrogatory also dismissed claims that the
legislation violated article V section 25 that prevents special laws granting a
corporation "any special or exclusive privilege, immunity or franchise...."  n61
The majority acknowledged that the program was developed for United Airlines but
asserted that the relevant question was whether the legislation created true
classes and whether these classes were reasonable and rationally related to
legitimate public purposes.  n62 The majority conceded that the class created
could not be de facto limited to a single corporation.  n63 Although the class
of companies eligible to benefit from the proposed legislation was small, the
majority noted that the legislation established no time limit such that other
corporations might meet the requirements in the future.  n64


   Moreover, in the majority's view the distinctions relating to the class
established were reasonable. The state could rationally conclude that the
economic advantages of larger corporations would outweigh the expense of the
incentives granted whereas the advantages created by smaller corporations might
not outweigh the expenses involved.  n65 Additionally, the use of the aviation
fund was reasonable since the constitution mandates that such taxes be used for
aviation purposes.  n66


   Dissenting Justices Quinn and Rovira found that the legislation was special
legislation designed to benefit United Airlines. The purpose of article V
section 25  [*316]  was to prevent "legislative enactments that either
benefit[ted] or disadvantage[d] a particular person, entity or artificially
created group."  n67 These justices believed that the determination of a
legislative enactment as a special law could be revealed by its legislative
purpose as evinced by official remarks on the legislation.  n68 They noted that
the economic incentives were uniquely tailored by the Governor to obtain a
commitment from United Airlines to build and operate a maintenance facility in
Denver.  n69 Moreover, the Governor told the legislature that United Airlines
had many options and would play a "tough hand."  n70 While United Airlines
cannot be blamed for protecting their shareholders' interests by playing a
"tough hand," the types of state constitutional prohibitions at issue were
enacted in many states in response to the "tough hand" played by large
corporations in the past, particularly railroads.


   B. Kentucky: Attracting Toyota Constitutional?


   The Kentucky Supreme Court has also reviewed economic development legislation
passed to attract a single large enterprise. In 1986, the State of Kentucky
assembled a package of economic incentives to lure Toyota Motor Corporation to
establish a plant in Scott County. The majority of the Kentucky Supreme Court
upheld the package of incentives as constitutional, stating that its role was
not to act as superlegislature.  n71


   Under the economic development legislation,  n72 Kentucky pledged to acquire
a 1600 acre project site in Scott County for Toyota and then develop the site
for $ 35 million. Revenue bonds issued by the State Property and Buildings
Commission were used to finance the development. The funds needed to pay debt
service on the bonds came from appropriations from the general funds of the
state on a biennial basis as an expense item of the Commerce Cabinet (a state
agency). Under the terms of the act, property was conveyed to the applicable
industrial entity (in this case Toyota) at the time the revenue bonds were
issued if the commission made a written determination that the "incremental
taxes" to be derived as a result of the development are reasonably expected to
be at least equal to the principal amount of the revenue bonds. "Incremental
taxes" were statutorily defined as those taxes which would never have existed
but for the inducement of the facility to locate in Kentucky. In the case of
Toyota, the state expected to increase income tax collections by $ 75 million
and expected substantial increases in corporate taxes as well. Furthermore, the
increased value of the real estate of the Toyota site would allow additional
property taxes to be collected. Under the legislation, if the industrial entity
conveyed the property before incremental taxes repaid the principal, the
remaining difference would be due.


   As in the Colorado case, the targeted incentive package implicated numerous
provisions of the state constitution. Section 177 of the Kentucky Constitution
states  [*317]  that the "credit of the Commonwealth shall not be given, pledged
or loaned to any individual company or corporation, nor shall the Commonwealth
make a donation to any company or corporation."  n73 The majority found that the
legislation did not violate this provision because a public purpose exception
was available and the relief of unemployment is a public purpose that would
justify the outlay of funds.  n74


   Dissenting Justice Liebson argued that as a matter of logic the state had
either extended credit to Toyota or made a donation to Toyota in violation of
Section 177. If there was no donation because incremental taxes would pay for
project in the long run, then the state had lent money to Toyota in the
meantime.  n75 Moreover, dissenting Justice Stephenson dismissed as disingenuous
arguments that no credit was lent because nothing secured the bonds other than a
promise, that did not constitute a legal obligation, by the state to provide
debt service in future biennial appropriations. In practical terms, if the state
did not provide for debt service on the bonds it would destroy its credit
rating.  n76 The dissenting justices also argued that to claim there was no
donation because of incremental taxes would give Toyota double credit for the
tax payments.  n77 The dissenting justices believed that all taxpayers have an
equal right to receive government services for their taxes. However, Toyota's
corporate taxes and property taxes are used to pay for the project site instead
of governmental services.  n78 Moreover, Toyota is given credit for the increase
in income taxes collected by the state from the individuals that Toyota hires.
n79 Therefore, the dissent found that Toyota is not paying its pro rata share of
police protection and other governmental benefits.


   Lastly, some of the dissenting justices disagreed with the creation of a
"public purpose" exception. Justice Stephenson argued that majority had in
essence amended Section 177 by adding at the end of that provision "except for a
valid public purpose."  n80 Justice Liebson accused the majority of succumbing
"to powerful non judicial arguments advanced to uphold this legislation in the
face of the constitutional challenge."  n81 One such argument is that "the
benefits to our state to be derived from economic job development and job
opportunities [created by the Toyota projects] are so great that the
constitution must be judicially amended to accommodate the financing
arrangements."  n82 In essence, the dissent was troubled with the fact that the
arrangements directly benefitted private actors and incidentally benefitted the
public, rather than visa versa.


   Sections 49 and 50 of the Kentucky Constitution that "strictly limit the
power of the legislature to financially obligate future legislatures without the
permission of the people by means of a direct vote" were also implicated.  n83
According to the  [*318]  Kentucky Constitution, when the state incurs debt
through the issuance of general obligation bonds backed by the full faith and
credit of the state, the people must approve the issuance of the bonds.  n84
However, prior to the legislation involved in the Toyota case, the state also
incurred debt by issuing revenue bonds.  n85 These revenue bonds are not backed
by the credit of the state but rather by the revenues of the project being
financed and thus do not mandate approval by the people of the state through a
direct vote.  n86 Previously, revenue bonds financed state owned and state
operated projects that carried out functions performed by the state.  n87 The
security for payment of the bonds had taken the form of rentals in most cases
(the building being leased to an operating governmental agency). The rental
payments were based on two-year serial leases so as to not run afoul of Sections
49 and 50.  n88 Since government agencies used the projects to carry out their
operations, the biennial appropriation of tax money from the state treasury to
an operating department of state government could qualify as rent to cover the
current operating expenses of government. The majority found that the Toyota
legislation did not violate Sections 49 and 50 of the constitution since the
bonds at issue could be considered revenue bonds. The majority claimed that the
mere fact that incremental taxes was innovative did not foreclose a conclusion
that the requirements of revenue bonds were met.  n89 Indeed, the majority found
that the incremental taxes could be considered rent as the legislation proposed.
n90


   Dissenting Justice Liebson strongly disagreed with the majority's conclusion
that the incremental tax financing device met the criteria of the revenue bond
concept. Under previous revenue bonds, a state authority (e.g. the Turnpike
Authority) had possession of the financed project and therefore could charge
rent to a state agency (e.g. the Commerce Cabinet) that used the project for
operations.  n91 In contrast, under the incremental tax device, the commerce
cabinet would pay rent to pay off the project but it would neither occupy or
utilize the site in any meaningful sense directly connected with the carrying on
of the activities of the department.  n92 Justice Liebson concluded in the
context of the legislation that


   [n]ever before has the revenue bond concept been called upon to cover a
project which cannot be described as owned by or in possession of the public
agency issuing the bonds until the bonds are paid, and never before has the
revenue bond concept been applied where the project did not provide an ongoing
service of the kind usually provided by an agency of government.  n93


   In short, the Commerce Cabinet would pay the rent to provide the debt service
on the bonds (as the legislature approves appropriations that will technically
be coming  [*319]  from the incremental taxes) despite the fact it has no
further connection to the project once it is approved (for Toyota operates the
project). Justice Vance added that because the program de facto obligated the
state to appropriate funds every biennium to pay off the bonds (since to do
otherwise the state would destroy its credit rating) the revenue of the
commonwealth had been obligated beyond the biennium of the current General
Assembly violating sections 49 and 50 of the constitution.  n94


   Finally, the majority also held that the legislation was consistent with
section 59 of the constitution which prohibits special legislation. The intent
of the prohibition on special legislation is to prevent favoritism and
discrimination in order to ensure equality before the law.  n95 The court held
that the legislation was not directed specifically at Toyota, although the
majority at least acknowledged that the Toyota project ignited the interest in
the particular method of financing.  n96 The court observed that the language of
the legislation is general and available for use in connection with other valid
industrial projects.  n97 Dissenting Justice Vance concluded that the financing
mechanism was special legislation in violation of section 59. The legislative
criteria for approval of projects was so vague that the benefits of this type of
funding mechanism could be bestowed at the will of the state government.  n98


   C. The Influence of the Prisoner's Dilemma on State Constitutional
Interpretation


   The opinions written by the Colorado and Kentucky state supreme courts
display a significant tension between those justices believing that a
constitution must adapt and change to today's society and those justices
believing that it is for the people, and not judges, to amend the constitution
if the times so demand. In both cases, divided state supreme courts ultimately
sided with state programs designed to attract businesses. These state courts
succumbed to, or at least acknowledged, the economic and political realities
leading to the creation of these programs. Indeed, in its final paragraph before
pronouncing its holding, the Kentucky Supreme Court noted the severe
unemployment facing the State of Kentucky in relationship to the rest of the
country.  n99 Earlier in its opinion, the court noted the number of jobs that
the Toyota plant would create. While these considerations can be explained in a
legal context because the court had to determine whether the financing mechanism
achieved a public purpose, they also can be seen as a recognition of the
economic and political realities facing the state. Indeed, the court implicitly
acknowledged the prisoner's dilemma facing the state by noting that several
states had fiercely competed with Kentucky for the Toyota plant.  n100 The
court's attention to the fierce  [*320]  competition over the plant was not
necessary in order to find a public purpose. The Colorado Supreme Court also
implicitly acknowledged the similar bidding war for United Airlines.


   Any remaining doubts that the prisoner's dilemma increasingly influences
state constitutional interpretation was removed in a recent North Carolina
Supreme Court opinion that explicitly recognized the prisoner's dilemma
confronting its state. In August 1995 an individual North Carolina tax payer was
victorious at the trial court level in a state constitutional challenge to
investment attraction subsidies offered by the City of Winston-Salem.  n101 The
decision sent shock waves through the economic development community and was
quickly appealed to the state supreme court.  n102 At issue was a state
constitutional provision requiring that tax money be spent for "public purposes
only."  n103 The plaintiff taxpayer relied on a 1968 state supreme court opinion
that struck down state efforts to compete for investment by establishing an
authority to "acquire sites and to construct and equip facilities for private
industry" through industrial revenue bond financing.  n104 The 1968 Mitchell
opinion found that use of funds in this manner was "not for a public purpose."
n105 The 1968 Mitchell opinion explicitly observed that North Carolina sought to
establish such an authority to "compete for industry with neighboring states"
that use similar subsidies.  n106 Nevertheless, the 1968 North Carolina Supreme
Court struck down the statute noting that the General Assembly considered the
act "bad public policy."  n107 Twenty-eight years later the North Carolina
Supreme Court was more sympathetic to the prisoner's dilemma confronting the
state in competing for investment, in part due to constitutional amendments
enacted subsequent to the 1968 case. In 1973, the North Carolina constitution
was amended to allow counties to create authorities to issue revenue bonds for
industrial and pollution control facilities and to allow appropriations directly
to private parties for "public purposes."  n108 Thus, the court still was
required to find a public purpose for direct subsidies. The court recognized
that its 1968 opinion defined "public purpose." However, the court found that
"the passage of time and accompanying societal changes" suggested a different
answer as to whether investment incentives serve a public purpose.  n109 The
prisoner's dilemma influenced the court's holding that investment incentives,
such as paying for job training and facilities upgrades for business
enterprises, served a public purpose. The court stated:


   In the economic climate thus depicted, the pressure to induce responsible
corporate citizens to relocate to or expand in North Carolina is not internal
only, but results from the actions of other states as well. To date, courts in
forty-six states have upheld the constitutionality of governmental expenditures
and  [*321]  related assistance for economic development incentives. . . . [B]y
virtue of the trial court's ruling, North Carolina currently stands alone in
holding [investment incentives illegal]. Considered in this light, it would be
unrealistic to assume that the State will not suffer economically in the future
if incentive programs . . . are discontinued. . . . "All men know that in our
efforts to attract new industry we are competing with inducements to industry
offered through legislative enactments in other jurisdictions as stated in the
legislative findings and purposes of [the] challenged [North Carolina] [a]ct."
n110


   The majority was criticized by the dissenting justice for employing a
"philosophy that constitutional interpretation and application are subject to
the whims of 'everybody's doing it.'"  n111 Yet, state judges should not receive
too much blame for the current subsidy war. Even if state judges interpreted
state constitutional provisions to restrict state subsidies, the prisoner's
dilemma would likely persist as a result of constitutional amendment. As noted
above in the context of North Carolina, state constitutions have previously been
amended in response to judicial determinations striking down state incentive
programs or simply to clarify that states can engage in such activities.  n112
Amending a state constitution is much easier than amending the federal
constitution. Thus, one must look beyond state constitutions for the solution to
the prisoner's dilemma.


   IV. POTENTIAL EXISTING NATIONAL CONSTRAINTS


   A. Agreement Between the States


   A prisoner's dilemma involves the inability to communicate and an inability
to enforce any agreement between the prisoners to maintain their silence.
States, of course, may communicate with one another with respect to bids offered
for investment attraction purposes. States could remove themselves from the
prisoner's dilemma causing bidding wars by entering into an agreement to share
information and to limit bidding based on an assessment of the externality
differences. In practice, states have, at least in certain instances, refused to
share information on bids believing that such information will lessen their
ability to attract an enterprise by giving other states a better ability to
improve on their own offers. In the absence of communication, the states must
rely on information given by the attracted business. The attracted business will
have an incentive to inflate the amount of a competing state's bid.


   On occassion, however, states have made some attempts to maintain informal
agreements with respect to investment attraction subsidies on both a regional
and national basis. The agreements are not interstate compacts contemplated in
the  [*322]  Constitution that require congressional approval.  n113 Rather, the
agreements have been non-binding and unenforceable. As such they have been
ineffective in solving the prisoner's dilemma.


   In the late 1980's, certain Midwestern state governors sought to call a
"truce" to the investment attraction subsidy wars.  n114 In 1991, New York, New
Jersey, and Connecticut entered into a non-binding agreement to avoid offering
incentives to businesses to relocate from one state in the agreement to another.
n115 However, these informal regional agreements were honored in the breach and
rapidly disintegrated.  n116 More recently, Governor Jim Edgar of Illinois led
an effort within the National Governors' Association (NGA) to educate governors
on the harm of bidding wars and to enact a code of conduct on subsidy practices.
In response to this effort the NGA passed a resolution in 1993 attempting to
limit state investment attraction subsidies, particularly to individual
enterprises.  n117 The resolution recognizes that competition for investment
among states will involve subsidies but that it "should not be characterized by
how much direct assistance a state can provide to individual companies."  n118
It also requests states to adhere to certain criteria when providing subsidies,
including that public subsidies "should benefit and be available to all
businesses."  n119 However, this "general availability" criteria is qualified,
for the policy states that public subsidies should be in the form of
infrastructure and workforce investments but that such investments "may be tied
to the location or expansion of an individual company."  n120 The policy
subsequently scales back this exception somewhat, by adding that "the
improvements in the workforce and community should not be wholly dependent on
the fortune of one business and should be viewed as assets for other businesses
that locate in the community."  n121 The NGA resolution also encouraged
governors to communicate regarding their respective subsidy packages in a
bidding war, stating that "[g]overnors should have the right to verify the
accuracy of . . . information" provided by businesses on other states' incentive
packages.  n122 While the policy may have led to some increase in communication
between states, the policy was never legally enforceable and has, in any event,
expired.  n123


   A legally enforceable interstate compact binding on all fifty states almost
certainly will never be negotiated. At least a few governors expressed concerns
with the limited proposal to develop a non-binding code and many more might have
objected to an effort to create a binding agreement. The concern that some
governors might have with a binding agreement is that it will not provide for
[*323]  sufficient guarantees against cheating without involving the federal
government. Governors are probably loath to ask for federal intervention in the
subsidies area unless it would be accompanied by reduced federal intervention in
other areas. To the extent an interstate agreement only covers certain states,
the agreement will be insufficient to eliminate the prisoner's dilemma.


   B. Dormant Commerce Clause Constraints


   The U.S. Constitution grants the power to regulate interstate and foreign
commerce to Congress.  n124 However, at least since the middle of the 19th
century, the Supreme Court has interpreted the Commerce Clause not only as
enabling the federal government to regulate but also as disabling the states
from discriminating against or unreasonably burdening interstate and foreign
commerce even when Congress has not acted.  n125 The so-called dormant Commerce
Clause prohibits states from enacting tariffs against out-of-state products or
otherwise enacting protectionist regulations or taxes.  n126 Thus, the U.S.
Constitution prohibits at least one means by which states might compete for
investment. If protectionist trade barriers between the states were enacted,
there would be incentives to invest in each state in order to produce products
locally and avoid the trade barriers. However, beyond simply prohibiting border
trade barriers and protectionist product standards and taxes, does the U.S.
Constitution place further limits on state competition for investment?


   State investment attraction subsidies have rarely been challenged under the
dormant Commerce Clause for two primary reasons. First, the likelihood of
success of such a challenge is uncertain with respect to tax incentives and
nearly non-existent with respect to non-tax subsidies.  n127 Second, the typical
class of plaintiffs under the dormant Commerce Clause, namely large interstate
businesses, have little or no incentive to challenge such subsidies since they
are the primary beneficiaries  n128 and it is unlikely that states will become
plaintiffs in such cases.


   1. Likelihood of Successful Challenge


   a. Non-Tax Incentives


   The U.S. Supreme Court has elaborated a market participant exception to the
dormant Commerce Clause.  n129 As a result of the exception, dormant Commerce
Clause constraints do not apply when the state acts as a participant in the
market  [*324]  (i.e. a buyer or seller of goods), rather than as a regulator or
tax authority. Direct payment subsidies funded out of the general treasury are
also not captured by the constraints of the dormant Commerce Clause despite the
fact payment of subsidies could be considered a governmental activity rather
than activity of the state as a participant in the market.  n130 The market
participant exception and the exception for certain direct payment subsidies, to
the extent it is considered separate from the market participant exception,
require that a distinction be drawn between the types of state investment
attraction incentives offered, specifically between tax and non-tax subsidies.
n131 As a result, direct payment subsidies funded out of the general treasury,
supply of infrastructure, provision of low-interest loans, assistance in
job-training or recruitment, and granting of land are largely immunized from
dormant Commerce Clause scrutiny.  n132 The exceptions for these types of
investment attraction subsidies are one reason why the dormant Commerce Clause
fails to solve the prisoner's dilemma.


   b. Tax Incentives


   There exists a degree of uncertainty over exactly which investment attraction
tax incentives would run afoul of dormant Commerce Clause scrutiny. As noted
earlier, it is clear that a state cannot place a discriminatory sales or use tax
on products produced out-of-state in an effort to force industries to establish
facilities within the state.  n133 But what about the typical investment
attraction tax incentives used by the states, such as a sales tax exemption for
goods and equipment the attracted enterprise purchases, property tax abatements
on property used by an attracted enterprise, or income tax credits based on new
investment or jobs created?


   Professors Hellerstein and Coenen believe that certain Supreme Court
pronouncements in the few existing tax incentive cases are broad enough to
create arguments that all these types of tax incentives are illegal.  n134
However, Professors Hellerstein and Coenen believe that the opinions can and
should be more narrowly read.  n135 They suggest that the Court would only
strike down a state tax incentive  [*325]  provision if it favored in-state over
out-of-state activities and if it implicated the coercive power of the state.
n136 This second factor would distinguish those incentives framed as exemptions
from or reductions in additional state tax liability to which the taxpayer would
be subjected only if the taxpayer were to engage in targeted activity within the
state versus those incentives affecting a taxpayer's current tax bill within the
state. Results under the test, at least in some instances, turn on whether the
attracted taxpayer has previously engaged in some taxable activity within the
state.  n137 Under the Hellerstein/Coenen test, income tax credits or deductions
for in-state investment or other activities are invalid.  n138 However, property
tax abatements based on new in-state investments and sales tax exemptions on
property purchased for the construction of new in-state facilities are valid
except if tied to other in-state activity such as job creation or a certain size
of enterprise.  n139 These abatements and exemptions are valid since the state
is merely "disclaiming the right to impose any taxes on a 'virgin' tax base the
state is seeking to attract."  n140 Dormant Commerce Clause restraints utilizing
the Hellerstein/Coenen test are insufficient to resolve the prisoner's dilemma
since states may continue to employ numerous tax incentives. The test has an
additional negative consequence. The Hellerstein/Coenen test would strike down
conditions that one finds in new state "accountability" legislation aimed at
attracted enterprises. Accountability legislation seeks to ensure that the
attracted enterprises do in fact add to net tax revenues by requiring such
entities, for example, to hire a certain number of residents.  n141


   Professor Enrich disagrees to a limited extent with both the positive and
normative aspects of the Hellerstein/Coenen analysis. Enrich notes that the U.S.
Supreme Court's dormant Commerce Clause jurisprudence has focused on an anti-
discrimination principle.  n142 Under the anti-discrimination principle, the
court focuses on the discrimination against out-of-state businesses or
interests. For this reason, a property tax or sales tax abatement is unlikely to
be struck down for out- of-state businesses are not responsible for these taxes
and thus there can be no discrimination against these businesses.  n143 In
contrast, a state investment income tax credit only given for in-state
investment could be struck down since it discriminates against out-of-state
business activity.  n144 In essence, it states you must conduct your business
in-state in order to receive the credit.


   However, Professor Enrich argues that Commerce Clause values are broader than
simply discrimination against out-of-state interests. Commerce Clause values, he
argues, are also concerned with distortions caused to the national economy and
balkanization and rivalry between the states.  n145 It might, of course, be
possible to  [*326]  dismiss the distortion standard depending on the effects of
state incentive wars. The balkanization/rivalry standard is harder to dismiss,
however, because incentive packages can engender rivalry as seen by the current
subsidy wars. In any event, assuming one or all of these are central concerns of
the Commerce Clause, Enrich proceeds to argue that the focus "should be on
whether a particular tax provision distorts economic decision-making in favor of
in-state activity, not whether it treats in-state and out-of-state actors
disparately."  n146 Under this test, the property tax abatement is treated the
same as the investment tax credit and is illegal.  n147 Professor Enrich
encourages courts to review the motive behind the state measure as well as the
degree of distortion caused by the state measures. For example, Professor Enrich
would want a tax credit given to companies for the installation of pollution
control equipment within in-state factories to be upheld because the purpose
behind such a measure is environmental protection and it is unlikely that the
measure would significantly distort investment decisions,  n148 or, in other
words be a disguised investment attraction instrument. The dormant Commerce
Clause utilizing the Enrich test would be somewhat more restrictive of state
investment attraction subsidies than under the Hellerstein/Coenen test and thus
somewhat better at removing states from the prisoner's dilemma. However, it is
uncertain which of these two tests will ultimately prevail and whether courts
will have sufficient opportunity to delineate a clear test due to the lack of
plaintiffs.


   2. The Lack of Plaintiffs Problem


   Professor Enrich argues that so few dormant Commerce Clause cases have dealt
with investment attraction incentives because the typical class of plaintiffs
involved in dormant Commerce Clause have little or no incentive to challenge
state investment attraction incentives.  n149 The harms caused by state subsidy
wars are not to interstate businesses. Mobile capital businesses gain a windfall
from state subsidy wars, particularly when they are able to utilize
informational advantages over the states.  n150 Instead, the harm from state
subsidy wars is caused to state citizens and taxpayers that receive less public
goods or pay higher taxes. Thus, Enrich is hopeful that states will come forward
as plaintiffs to challenge the investment attraction subsidies granted by other
states.  n151 Enrich is particularly hopeful since in many states it is
attorney-generals responsible for bringing such claims and most
attorney-generals are elected rather than appointed.  n152 However, Professor
Enrich is probably overly optimistic. First, recent experience suggests that
state attorneys-general are more concerned with guarding their own state laws
than  [*327]  pursuing greater economic efficiency.  n153 Second, to the extent
an attorney- general has designs on a larger office dealing with the economy
(e.g. Governor), the attorney-general is unlikely to risk undermining his
position on incentives in advance of an election campaign. Third, the
uncertainty over the test a court will adopt and thus the success of such an
action will have a chilling effect on such challenges.


   V. INTERNATIONAL TRADE AGREEMENT CONSTRAINTS


   States have been subject to international constraints on subsidies since the
conclusion of the 1979 Tokyo Round Subsidies Code concluded under the auspices
of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT).  n154 However, the Tokyo
Round Code had little to no impact on the states because it only contained
stringent obligations with respect to export subsidies and very few constraints
on domestic subsidies.  n155 Moreover, the states were not affected by
unilateral countervailing duties (i.e. additional duties intended to offset
subsidization) imposed by other nations since the United States was the primary
user of countervailing duties during the 1980's and early 1990's.  n156


   However, a revised and strengthened subsidies agreement concluded in 1994 as
part of the GATT-sponsored Uruguay Round multilateral trade negotiations
garnered the attention of state level officials.  n157 Nonetheless, it is likely
that the Uruguay Round Subsidies Agreement will have little impact on U.S. state
subsidy wars for investment attraction purposes because the agreement focuses on
international trade effects of state subsidies. As a result, the Subsidies
Agreement is a rather crude device at best for reducing the state investment
attraction subsidy wars.


   The Uruguay Round Subsidies Agreement  n158 provides for the first time a
definition of "subsidy" within an international agreement. Under article 1, a
subsidy is deemed to exist if:


   (a)(1) there is a financial contribution by a government . . . where


   (i) a government practice involves a direct transfer of funds (e.g. grants,
loans, and equity infusion), potential direct transfers of funds or liabilities
(e.g. loan guarantees);

     [*328]

   (ii) government revenue otherwise due is forgone or not collected (e.g.
fiscal incentives such as tax credits);


   (iii) a government provides goods or services other than general
infrastructure, or purchases goods;


   ... and


   (b) a benefit is thereby conferred.  n159


   All major types of state investment attraction subsidies would fall within
this definition. Unlike the dormant Commerce Clause, the Uruguay Round Subsidies
Agreement does not exempt non-tax incentives from its disciplines.


   The Subsidies Agreement seeks to constrain only those domestic subsidies that
are "specific," or in other words targeted at or limited to a certain enterprise
or industry or group of enterprises or industries.  n160 The Subsidies Agreement
borrowed the concept of specificity from U.S. countervailing duty law.  n161
Specificity is considered important because specific subsidies are more likely
to be trade distorting.  n162 Many of the high-profile state investment
attraction subsidies are de facto targeted at a limited number of enterprises as
was seen in the Colorado and Kentucky state supreme court cases above. The
agreement does not seek to interfere with more general government policies not
targeted at certain enterprises such as changes in generally applicable rates of
tax.  n163


   Specific subsidies are "actionable" under the agreement if they cause adverse
effects to interests of other members.  n164 What is meant by the term
"actionable"? Depending on the type of adverse effect caused, a World Trade
Organization (WTO) Member can either impose an additional duty on imported
subsidized products, called a countervailing duty, to counteract the subsidy or
it may bring a WTO dispute settlement case.  n165 Under the WTO dispute
settlement procedures, a neutral dispute settlement panel composed of three
individuals not representing any government will determine whether a subsidy is
specific and causing adverse effects.  n166 If the panel finds that a specific
subsidy is causing adverse effects, then a Member is under an obligation to
"take appropriate steps to remove the adverse effects or withdraw the subsidy."
n167 If the subsidizing Member refuses to do so within six months, then the
aggrieved Member will be authorized by the WTO membership to take
countermeasures.  n168


   With respect to U.S. state-level investment attraction subsidies, the
relevant question is how likely will these subsidies cause adverse effects to
other WTO nations? Article 5 of the agreement defines adverse effects to include
the following:

     [*329]

   a) injury to the domestic industry of another Member;


   b) nullification or impairment of benefits accruing directly or indirectly to
other Members ...;


   c) serious prejudice to the interests of another Member.  n169


   Countervailing duties can only be imposed in response to the first type of
adverse effect, namely injury to a domestic industry. A WTO case can be brought
based on allegations of any of the three adverse effects. The adverse effect of
serious prejudice provides the greatest potential constraint on state investment
attraction subsidies, however, as the analysis below will reveal it is unlikely
state subsidies will be complained of under the serious prejudice criteria.


   Under article 6 of the agreement, serious prejudice will be deemed to exist
in the case of:


   a) the total ad valorem subsidization of a product exceeding 5 per cent;


   b) subsidies covering operating losses sustained by an industry;


   c) subsidies to cover operating losses sustained by an enterprise, other than
one-time measures which are non-recurrent ...; or


   d) direct forgiveness of debt, i.e. forgiveness of government-held debt, and
grants to cover debt-repayment.  n170


   Most, if not all, U.S. state investment attraction subsidies will fail to
meet this criteria. First, state programs are unlikely to meet the 5% ad valorem
figure for a product. State subsidies granted to producers of a certain product
can be aggregated and then divided by total national production.  n171 Many U.S.
state investment attraction subsidies are given to industries with significant
national production, such as automobiles, including the well-know examples of
Southern states attracting BMW, Mercedes, and Toyota plants. It is unlikely that
total ad valorem subsidization when spread out over time will reach these
levels. It will, of course, be more likely where investment attraction
incentives have been granted to the same industry by many states and where total
national production of the product is relatively small. The same conclusion can
be drawn if subsidies to a specific firm or enterprise are considered. The 5%
threshold is unlikely to be met in many instances because, as noted before, many
state subsidies are granted to enterprises with significant production. States
granting investment incentives should be more concerned with paragraph four in
Annex IV to the agreement that presumes serious prejudice if the recipient firm
is in "a start up situation" and the overall rate of subsidization exceeds 15%
of the total funds invested.  n172 It is possible that the large subsidies
granted by certain states to attract new automobile plants would meet this
criteria.  n173 Second, state investment attraction incentives are also unlikely
to meet  [*330]  the other three criteria for presumed serious prejudice. Such
subsidies are generally not granted to cover operating losses nor do they
generally include direct forgiveness of government-held debt.


   The Subsidies Agreement also gives examples of situations in which serious
prejudice may arise although it is not presumed. First, serious prejudice may
arise when the subsidy displaces or impedes the "imports of a like product of
another Member into the market of the subsidizing member."  n174 Where
competitions are merely between states and not foreign entities, state
investment attraction subsidies are unlikely to have this effect if the entity
already resides or is only considering an investment in the United States. For
example, state subsidy wars over BMW, Mercedes and Toyota cannot be considered
as impeding auto imports from the European Community, of which Germany is a
member, or Japan. These automobile manufacturers were going to invest in the
United States, the only question being which state. Second, serious prejudice
may also arise when the subsidy displaces or impedes "the exports of a like
product of another Member from a third country market."  n175 However, unless
the attracted entity exports its product, it cannot possibly impede exports of a
WTO member to a third country market. If the subsidized entity does not export,
it is also impossible for another Member to impose countervailing duties on the
product produced by the attracted entity.


   Lastly, the Subsidies Agreement gives a "green light" to certain subsidy
programs.  n176 "Green-light" subsidies generally cannot be complained about by
another Member in a WTO dispute settlement case nor can another Member place a
countervailing duty to offset such subsidization.  n177 The three categories of
"green light" subsidies are for research and development, assistance to
disadvantaged regions, and assistance to promote adaptation of existing
facilities to new environmental requirements.  n178 Each of these "green light"
subsidies is subject to detailed limits, however. For example, the environmental
category can only be a one-time non-recurring measure that is limited to 20% of
the cost of adaptation.  n179 The research and development category only covers
assistance of up to 75% of the costs of industrial research and 50% of the costs
of pre-competitive development activity.  n180 It is unclear whether the
disadvantaged regions category is really an exemption since such programs must
be non-specific within the meaning of the  [*331]  agreement and thus would not
be actionable in any event.  n181 (My educated hunch is that negotiators wanted
to emphasize that such programs were not actionable, particularly in light of
the definition of specificity in early drafts of the Subsidies Agreement that
made all sub-federal government subsidies specific).  n182


   By focusing on international trade effects, the Subsidies Agreement is likely
to do little to curb state subsidy wars for investment attraction. Concerns over
state investment attraction subsidy wars focus less on trade effects than on the
reduction in public goods and/or the increased tax burdens placed upon the
general population. The conclusion that the Subsidies Agreement will have little
impact on state subsidy programs receives some tentative support from empirical
data-no state subsidy has been complained of in a WTO dispute settlement case in
the first three years of the agreement's operation. Other limitations of the
agreement further buttress the early empirical data. First, the agreement
potentially suffers from a "plaintiff problem" with respect to state investment
attraction subsidies. Only WTO member nations can complain of subsidies granted
in violation of the agreement.  n183 They may refuse to complain of U.S. subsidy
practice if they believe they could be exposed to a similar case. Indeed,
exposure of other countries is greater than U.S. exposure since foreign
governments generally use subsidies to a greater degree than governments in the
United States.  n184 Some nations allow private producers to formally petition
their government to bring a WTO complaint.  n185 In other nations, private
companies can place informal pressure on their government to bring a WTO case.
However, in some instances foreign producers will be hesitant to do so since
they may benefit from the subsidies. For instance, one cannot imagine Toyota
petitioning the Japanese government to bring a complaint against the United
States for investment attraction subsidies granted to auto manufacturers by U.S.
states. Second, the potential impact of the Subsidies Agreement is further
limited because it applies to goods only.  n186 Therefore, those state
investment attraction subsidies granted to service enterprises, such as the
Colorado offer to United Airlines for the building of a maintenance facility,
will fall entirely outside of its coverage.


   Are there any other international agreements on the horizon that might solve
the prisoner's dilemma confronting U.S. states? A Multilateral Agreement on
Investment (MAI) is currently being negotiated within the Organization of
Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), comprised of twenty-nine nations,
most of which are developed nations.  n187 While the negotiations will not be
concluded at the earliest until sometime in 1998, it appears that the agreement
will  [*332]  do little to curb investment incentives. First, it appears that
most tax measures will be excluded from the agreement.  n188 Second, it appears
that no more than a national treatment obligation will apply to investment
incentives.  n189 The national treatment obligation would simply require that
any investment incentives be available on equal terms to foreign investors and
U.S. domestic investors. Third, the agreement will likely allow nations to list
reservations for sub-federal measures.  n190 Thus, there is little possibility
that the MAI will solve the prisoner's dilemma fueling state investment
attraction subsidy wars.  n191


   VI. APPROACHES TO SUBSIDIES IN OTHER DIVIDED-POWER SYSTEMS


   Are there any solutions or models from other federal systems that the United
States could borrow from? The U.S. states are not the only entities within a
common market that are engaged in subsidy wars. Canadian provinces continue to
engage in investment attraction subsidy wars, although there has been an effort
to curb such wars through a recent Internal Trade Agreement. Member nations of
European Community (EC) realized at its formation that subsidies could threaten
the common market, and therefore, the EC's "constitution" contains limits on
"state aids."


   A. Canada's Internal Trade Agreement


   1. The Approach


   Canada continues to face significant barriers to inter-provincial trade and
the establishment of a common market due to the lack of any equivalent to the
dormant Commerce Clause within the Canadian Constitution and the significant
spheres of exclusive authority retained by the provinces.  n192 Thus, in 1994,
the Canadian federal government and the provinces negotiated an Internal Trade
Agreement (ITA) in order to "reduce and eliminate, to the extent possible,
barriers to the free movement of persons, goods, services, and investments
within Canada [and to] promote an open, efficient and stable domestic market."
n193 One of the types of provincial measures addressed by the agreement is
investment attraction subsidies.


   Article 608 of the ITA requires that incentives be given on a
non-discriminatory basis to enterprises owned or controlled by an investor of
another province or that maintains its head office in another province.  n194
This is similar to the national treatment obligation that will likely be created
within the Multilateral Agreement on Investment being negotiated within the
OECD. A Code of Conduct on Incentives is appended to the ITA obligations
regarding investment. The Code of Conduct  [*333]  defines "incentive" broadly
to include tax reductions aimed at a specific enterprise as well as
"contribution[s] with a financial value that confers a benefit on the recipient,
including cash grants, loans, debt guarantees or an equity injection, made on
preferential terms ...."  n195 Therefore, like the Subsidies Agreement, the
Canadian ITA covers both tax and non-tax subsidies. The Code of Conduct
prohibits a province from providing an "incentive that is, in law or in fact,
contingent on, and would directly result in, an enterprise located in the
territory of any other [province] relocating an existing operation to its
territory."  n196 This is one of the few obligations in the Code subject to the
formal dispute settlement mechanism of the agreement.  n197 Under the dispute
settlement mechanism a neutral panel composed of five persons shall rule on
conformity with the Code.  n198 However, the Code makes an explicit exception to
the prohibition for instances in which the enterprise was considering relocation
outside of Canada.  n199 Also significant is the fact that the prohibition does
not cover instances of the expansion of existing enterprises and new investment.
With respect to expansions and new investments, the Code only contains a "soft
law" obligation on provinces to "endeavor to refrain from engaging in bidding
wars to attract prospective investors."  n200 Moreover, the Code recognizes that
economic development programs of the provinces "may include provision of
incentives," although the provinces are to "take into account the economic
interests of other [provinces] in developing and applying their incentive
measures."  n201 Neither of these latter obligations is subject to dispute
settlement.  n202 Rather, a province is only entitled to request information on
incentives offered by other provinces and to request consultations with other
provinces if it suspects an unwise bidding war is underway.  n203 A working
party established by the agreement is to collect data and issue a report on
incentives annually.  n204


   2. Is the Approach Effective?


   It is too early to assess the effectiveness of the Internal Trade Agreement,
although the conceptual weaknesses in the approach give reasons to doubt whether
it will in fact prove to be highly effective. Indeed, the premier of the
province of British Columbia recently refused to vote for a strengthening of the
ITA with respect to all inter-provincial trade barriers because of the
ineffectiveness of controlling "poaching" of British Columbia businesses by
other provinces.  n205 Additionally, Canadian officials generally believe that
the working group created  [*334]  will not have sufficient resources or
investigatory power to sufficiently examine investment incentives.  n206


   B. The European Community's "Constitution"


   1. The Approach

    The European Community control on "state aids" is of a "constitutional"
nature. The treaties forming the European Community, often referred to as the EC
"constitution," provide the substantive limits on "state aids" as well as a
central enforcement mechanism. The term "state aids" has been broadly defined to
include both spending and taxation measures.  n207


   Article 92 section 1 of the Treaty of Rome as amended provides the general
limit on state subsidies:


   Save as otherwise provided in this Treaty, any aid granted by a member-state
or through State resources in any form whatsoever which distorts or threatens to
distort competition by favouring certain undertakings or the production of
certain goods shall, in so far as it affects trade between member-states, be
incompatible with the common market.  n208


   Article 92 incorporates the notion of specificity found in the Uruguay Round
Subsidies Agreement.  n209 Article 92 section 2 specifies limited types of aid
that are compatible with the common market, most importantly, social aid granted
to individual consumers that does not discriminate on the basis of the origin of
products, and aid in response to natural disasters.  n210 Article 92 section 3
elaborates certain types of aid that "may be considered to be compatible with
the common market."  n211 This category includes aid to disadvantaged regions
(i.e. those regions with low standards of living or high unemployment). The
general prohibition as well as many of the exemptions and possible exemptions
display the focus of EC constraints on trade effects between member states.
Investment incentive aids will generally be captured because to the extent that
investment decisions have been distorted, trade between the member states has
necessarily been affected.


   A distinguishing feature of state aid control in the EC is its centralized
enforcement mechanism.  n212 Under article 93, member states are under an
obligation to notify the EC Commission, generally regarded as the Executive
Branch of the EC government, of any plans to grant state aid.  n213 Article 93
also prohibits a member  [*335]  state from implementing an aid program until
the Commission has reviewed the aid program and made a decision under article 92
as to whether the aid is compatible with the common market.  n214 However, the
Commission has not attempted to recover aid that a member state fails to notify.
n215 Instead, it has reviewed such unnotified aid to determine whether it is
compatible with the common market.  n216 However, private parties are able to
challenge the granting of unnotified and unreviewed state aid before national
courts.  n217 If the EC Commission finds that the proposed state aid is
incompatible with the common market, then it orders the state to abolish or
alter the aid program.  n218 If a state does not comply with the decision, the
EC Commission or another state may go before the European Court of Justice to
have the state action annulled.


   2. Is the Approach Effective?


   The EC approach to state aids, and in particular its enforcement mechanisms,
although in theory stronger than those in federations of the United States and
Canada, is still subject to extensive criticism. Member states continue to grant
state aids without notifying such aid and/or in the absence of Commission review
of the aids' compatibility with the common market.  n219 The Commission itself
reports that 30% of aid it reviews is aid that member states failed to notify.
n220 However, the majority of aid under review is notified and a considerable
amount of unnotified aid is ultimately subject to review by the Commission.


   VII. PROPOSED FEDERAL LEGISLATIVE SOLUTION TO THE U.S. PROBLEM OF STATE
SUBSIDY WARS


   A. The Need for Federal Legislation to Limit State Subsidy Wars and Potential
Objections to Such a Solution


   Competition officials in the European Community wonder how federations, such
as the United States, are able to function without constraints on subsidies used
by sub- federal governments.  n221 However, the United States and Canadian
federations do not function as well as they could due to the lack of constraints
on subsidy wars. The lack of constraints may lead to the provision of less
public goods, higher taxes on non-subsidized entities, and/or distortion in the
efficient allocation of resources. The effort to deal with subsidies in the
Canadian Internal Trade Agreement, albeit in a relatively weak manner, and the
failed efforts between U.S. states to constrain themselves bears witness to this
fact. Federal legislation and enforcement capability will be required to solve
the prisoner's dilemma causing state investment attraction  [*336]  subsidy
wars.  n222 Federal legislation as opposed to an interstate compact is more
likely since such legislation will not require unanimous consent of all states
in order to be enacted. Numerous objections or concerns might be raised with
respect to such a solution. However, the objections ultimately do not argue
against a federal legislative solution but rather inform the shape of such
legislation. In particular, the objections may influence the federal
legislation's substantive constraints and enforcement mechanism.


   Objection #1: "Federal Legislation Limiting State Subsidy Wars Is Politically
Unfeasible, if Not Utterly Impossible": While such legislation will likely be
difficult to pass in the current political climate, prisoner's dilemma-type
situations are appropriate situations for federal intervention. Indeed, certain
federal legislation already seeks to limit the use of federal funds by states
for relocation incentives.  n223 The proposed legislation would go beyond the
current legislation to limit the use of state funds for relocation incentives.
Any such legislation would need to be "packaged" with federal legislation
returning power to the states on other matters. There are strong indications
that states are seeking an overall reassessment of the relationship between the
federal and state governments. Such a reassessment may lead to conclusions that
the federal government is active in certain areas without proper justification.
However, this reassessment process should also ask the other question: Are there
areas in which the federal government should be active but currently is not? The
prisoner's dilemma causing state subsidy wars is such an area.


   Objection #2: "Since State Investment Attraction Subsidy Wars Are Not a New
Phenomenon, Why Is There a Need To Enact Limits at This Point in Our Country's
History?": It is true that state investment attraction subsidies date back to
the beginning of our country. In 1791, the state of New Jersey gave a tax
exemption for an manufacturing facility owned by Alexander Hamilton.  n224
However, as mentioned before, the recent efforts by state officials themselves
to limit the subsidy wars, albeit failed efforts, give at least some indication
that the problem is worsening.  n225 Moreover, since these subsidy programs are
distortive and/or wasteful, there is no reason to let the situation persist
indefinately.


   Objection # 3: "The New 'Accountability' Legislation Enacted by States Will
Cure the Problem of State 'Giveaways'":  n226 It is true that accountability
legislation reduces the chances that the subsidy a state offers will exceed the
extra social benefits the state acquires as a result of the attracted
enterprise. However, such  [*337]  legislation does not guarantee that states
will properly measure externalities. More importantly, bidding wars still lead
to much, if not all, of the extra social benefits being transferred to the
attracted enterprise. Thus, even in an era of increased accountability
legislation, the states would be better off with limits placed on investment
attraction subsidies.


   Objection # 4:"The Federal Government May Lack the Competence To Enact
Legislation Limiting State Subsidy Wars": As a result of recent Supreme Court
federalism jurisprudence, there may be some concern as to whether the federal
government maintains the constitutional capacity to enact such legislation.
First, the Court in United States v. Lopez  n227 announced that Congress could
not regulate non-commercial activities that merely have some indirect impact on
interstate commerce. However, the connection of state subsidies to interstate
commerce is not so attenuated as to fall within the Lopez rationale, even if one
acknowledges that incentive packages have only a small influence on locational
decisions of businesses. Second, regulation of subsidies does not run afoul of
the Court's holding in New York v. United States  n228 that the Congress cannot
commandeer a state legislature to enact a federal regulatory program. Lastly,
the market participant and subsidy exceptions to the dormant Commerce Clause do
not apply to federal legislation enacted under the Commerce Clause power.  n229
Thus, the federal government has the constitutional competence to enact
legislation limiting state subsidy wars.  n230


   Objection # 5: "Monitoring and Enforcing the Limits Will Necessitate Creating
a Huge Federal Bureaucracy":  n231 Obviously, the administrative costs of
federal monitoring and enforcement should be taken into account. Indeed, it
should be a clear goal that administrative costs should not outweigh nor even
approach the net benefits to states of enacting the limits. This indicates that
the substantive limits should not be overly aggressive. It might also be
possible to shift some federal agency personnel from activities for which there
is less justification for federal involvement. In other words, creation of
monitoring and enforcement capability regarding state investment attraction
subsidies does not necessitate an overall increase in the federal bureaucracy.
Additionally, while this article supports a federal agency enforcement
mechanism, one could rely on existing judicial infrastructure or attempt to
constrain state subsidy wars through use of the federal tax code if
administrative cost projections are too high.  n232

     [*338]

   Objection # 6: "Legislation Limiting State Subsidies Will Lead to Unilateral
Disarmament in the International Context": The European Community (EC) maintains
concerns in this regard with respect to its "constitutional" limits on states
aids. For this reason, the EC has sought to "export" or internationalize their
subsidy disciplines.  n233 Unilateral disarmament vis-a-vis foreign trading
partners was also a concern of the Canadian provinces during the negotiation of
the Internal Trade Agreement (ITA). Thus, the ITA contains an exception to its
disciplines on relocation subsidies when the entity is considering a location
outside of Canada. Quite naturally, unilateral disarmament vis-a-vis foreign
competitors should be a concern when drafting U.S. federal legislation. The
legislation might reduce this concern in several ways. For instance, the federal
agency responsible for enforcement might be given discretion to waive penalties
in those instances in which a state was competing against a foreign jurisdiction
for an enterprise. However, the federal agency should also consider in such an
instance whether the state subsidy is consistent with the Uruguay Round
Subsidies Agreement.


   Objection # 7: "Why Attempt To Draft Legislation Limiting Subsidies Since It
Will Be Impossible To Elaborate the Correct Standard?":  n234 As discussed
previously, the ideal system of constraint on state subsidies is to allow only
the state with the greatest externalities to bid and then only to the extent of
the externality difference.  n235 Unfortunately, due to problems in choosing a
single methodology for measuring externalities and the administrative costs of
applying elaborate measurement methodologies, it is unlikely that a federal
agency could be charged with enforcing such a standard, at least intitially.
(The federal agency could be charged with developing such a methodology over
time). Without an established methodology, agency decisions would risk being
"politicized." Instead, one must attempt to craft standards that serve as rough
correlatives for this ideal approach. Naturally, there is a risk that the
standard created will be overly broad. This objection indicates that one should
take a cautious approach in elaborating a standard. However, it is not a reason
for refusing to enact any limits.


   Objection # 8: "Federal Legislation Limiting State Subsidy Wars Will Unduly
Interfere with State Autonomy": Sub-federal experimentation and innovation is a
central policy reason for the creation of federations.  n236 Thus, some might
worry that federal legislation limiting subsidies will unduly interfere with
state autonomy to experiment in the economic development area. However,
federations do not allow for unbridled autonomy of sub-federal governments. This
is why constitutional limits, such as the dormant Commerce Clause, are placed on
sub-federal government actions. Even with constraints placed on subsidy wars,
states will maintain much flexibility to innovate with respect to economic
development,  [*339]  including education and training programs, infrastructure
development, and even generally applicable tax rates and policies. Eliminating
the investment attraction subsidy wars will free resources for other state
programs (or allow state tax cuts to broad segments of the population).  n237


   B. The Shape of the Proposed Federal Legislation


   1. Principles Regarding Substantive Constraints


   The federal legislation's substantive constraints can be based upon
principles drawn from international approaches and approaches in other divided
power systems. Such legislation can also give recognition to the underlying
principles in state constitutional law constraints.


   1)

   A Broad Definition of Subsidy Should Be Adopted: The WTO Subsidies Agreement,
Canada's Internal Trade Agreement, and the European Community's "constitution,"
all incorporate a broad definition of subsidy that includes both tax and non-tax
measures.  n238 Such a broad definition is necessary in order to avoid merely
shifting the types of subsidies used by states for attracting investment. The
dormant Commerce Clause of the U.S. Constitution, at best, limits tax-related
incentives. While some find this distinction justified due to the greater
political limits on subsidies in the form of spending measures as opposed to tax
breaks,  n239 the current subsidy war includes ready use of both types of
subsidies and strongly suggests that a limit on only tax breaks would be
insufficient to end the subsidy war.


   2)

   Targeted Subsidies Should Be Constrained: Subsidies targeted at a particular
enterprise or a limited class of businesses should be subject to maximum
allowable ceilings. Again, in an ideal state of affairs, only the state with the
greatest externalities should be allowed to bid and then only to the extent its
externality exceeds those of other bidders. However, because it is likely to
take time to develop some consensus on an agreed methodology for measuring and
comparing externalities, targeted subsidies should have a cap placed on them.
This will ensure that not all the extra social benefits are shifted to the
attracted enterprise. To the extent externalities do not differ significantly
among states, then the criteria is not far removed from the ideal state of
affairs.


   3)

   More General Subsidies Illegal Under the Dormant Commerce Clause Should
Continue To Be Illegal: Non-targeted, general subsidies illegal under the
Hellerstein/Coenen or the Enrich dormant Commerce Clause analysis should not be
immunized from challenge by the statute. Therefore, at a minimum, the statute
should state that it is not approving of any state subsidies that would
otherwise be illegal under the dormant Commerce Clause. Such a statement will
guard against arguments that the statute is giving approval for such subsidies
by failing to prohibit them. While such arguments are likely to fail, since the
Court generally requires explicit approval to remove a state practice from
dormant Commerce Clause scrutiny, it is still safer to foreclose such
argumentation altogether. A bolder version  [*340]  of the legislation might
seek to eliminate any uncertainty surrounding dormant Commerce Clause
constraints by explicitly prohibiting subsidies that would run afoul of either
the Hellerstein/Coenen or Enrich test.


   4)

   "Green-light" Categories of Subsidies Should Be Developed: Certain categories
of subsidies should be exempt from restrictions drawing on the "green- light"
subsidies of the Uruguay Round Subsidies Agreement. Alternatively, one might
also draw upon Professor Enrich's distinction under the dormant Commerce Clause
between subsidies for investment attraction purposes and those for an
environmental or other non-trade or investment distorting purposes. Indeed, one
might combine the two approaches by formulating "green-light" categories that
will be presumed not to have an investment attraction purpose.


   Accordingly, a central exemption should cover assistance to disadvantaged
regions. Such an exception likely makes good policy since such regions will
likely have greater social benefits connected with new investment than
non-disadvantaged regions. Additionally, to the extent operational costs are
higher in such regions, the subsidies are less likely to have trade effects
since the subsidization will, at least in part, simply compensate business for
the higher costs. However, such programs could not be targeted at only a limited
class of enterprises. This reduces the chances of political influence in the
measurement of externalities. One might even consider allowing certain
"accountability" provisions in state subsidy programs for disadvantaged regions,
some of which might be illegal under the Hellerstein/Coenen dormant Commerce
Clause analysis. For instance, a state might be allowed to base the amount of
subsidy granted to enterprises within a distressed region on the amount of
persons they hire within the distressed region. A research and development
subsidy exemption also makes sense since the market itself may not lead to the
optimal amount of research and development activity.  n240


   2. Principles Regarding Enforcement Mechanisms


   The weaknesses of current U.S. domestic constraints as well as the approaches
in Canada and the European Community suggest that an effective monitoring and
enforcement mechanism should be established by the legislation. The model below
emphasizes a bureaucratic federal agency solution rather than a judicial
solution, at least initially.  n241 The bureaucratic solution is preferred
initially for several reasons. First, the relevant federal agency is in a better
position than judges to take into account unilateral disarmament concerns in the
international context when applying the standards. Second, recent 11th Amendment
Supreme Court jurisprudence would require any private cause of action against a
State granting a subsidy in conflict with the federal legislation to be heard in
state courts, at least as an initial matter.  n242 State court judges may still
view themselves as in a prisoner's dilemma even when applying the federal
legislative constraints rather than state constitutional constraints. Third,
private parties have not shown a great interest in  [*341]  challenging state
subsidy programs under the dormant Commerce Clause. Therefore, it is uncertain
whether private parties would be active plaintiffs if the federal legislation
granted them a private cause of action. Fourth, a federal agency can ensure
uniformity of decisions better than numerous state courts (even if the Supreme
Court would have an opportunity to review such decisions). Clearly, one of the
drawbacks with the bureaucratic solution is the possibility of "capture" of the
agency by special interest groups benefiting from state subsidy wars or the
possibility of "politicized" decision-making. However, allowing limited judicial
review of agency determinations will minimize these concerns. Principles
regarding monitoring and enforcement follow below:


   1)

   Notification Requirement: All state subsidy programs above a certain level
and/or not generally available should be notified to a designated federal
agency. While compliance with a similar obligation within the European Community
context is far from perfect, many programs are notified. One issue that will
require attention is whether to make notifications public. Some may argue that
making notifications public will give information away to foreign trading
partners for possible WTO challenges.


   2)

   Federal Agency Review: A federal agency should be charged with receiving
notifications and reviewing subsidy programs for conformance with statutory
prohibitions. The agency might also issue regulations further detailing
constraints set out in a "framework" statute passed by Congress. Agency
determinations would be subject to judicial review.


   3)

   Create Effective Penalties for Failure To Notify or for Granting Subsidies in
Violation of Substantive Constraints: Numerous penalties might be considered to
deter state violations, including withholding federal funds, ordering recovery
of the alleged subsidy, or imposing a fine collectable by the federal government
in a suit against the violating state. However, each of the penalties is
surrounded by potential constitutional complications. For instance, Supreme
Court jurisprudence may require that the federal funds conditioned on compliance
with the federal legislation limiting subsidies be related to the federal
interest in enacting the legislation.  n243 In any event, the penalty or
combination of penalties should be effective. Eliminating the prisoner's dilemma
requires an enforcement mechanism that gives a state an assurance that other
states will comply with the agreement as well.


   VIII. CONCLUSION


   In an effort to attract investment, U.S. states are engaged in wasteful
and/or distortive investment attraction subsidy wars. States justify these
subsidies as correcting for an externality. Specifically, states argue that
investment attraction subsidies lead to a net increase in state revenues because
of the economic "multiplier" effects associated with the attracted enterprises.
However, there are reasons to be suspicious of state measurements of
externalities. Moreover, the subsidy wars result in most or all of the
additional social benefits associated with the attracted enterprise being
shifted to that enterprise. Yet, the wars continue because states (and their
politicians) are confronted with a prisoner's dilemma-type  [*342]  situation.
Each state would be better off if its ability to grant investment attraction
subsidies was limited. However, no state or individual state official wants to
unilaterally disarm and incur the resulting "heavy sentence."


   State constitutional constraints cannot remove states from the prisoner's
dilemma. Indeed, state court interpretations of state constitutional constraints
are influenced by the prisoner's dilemma since state constitutional constraints
lead to unilateral disarmament. Existing interstate, federal and international
devices also fail to solve the prisoner's dilemma that confronts the states.
Non-binding agreements between the states have failed for lack of an effective
enforcement mechanism. Federal constitutional constraints fail for several
reasons, including the lack of interested plaintiffs and the exemptions for many
types of state investment attraction subsidies. International agreements fail
because they focus on the international rather than domestic effects of state
subsidies and suffer "plaintiff problems." The prisoner's dilemma will not be
easily resolved. However, experience with existing U.S. constraints as well as
approaches of other "federations," indicate that federal legislation providing a
central enforcement mechanism is likely the best solution. While there are many
possible objections to such a solution, the federal legislation can be shaped in
a fashion that sharply reduces the force of these objections.



Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsPublic LandsLand GrantsInternational Trade LawState
LegislationGeneral OverviewTax LawState & Local TaxesGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See Maready v. City of Winston-Salem, 467 S.E.2d 615, 626 (N.C. 1996);
Walter Hellerstein & Dan T. Coenen, Commerce Clause Restraints on State Business
Development Incentives, 81 Cornell L. Rev. 789, 790 (1996); Mark Taylor, Note, A
Proposal to Prohibit Industrial Relocation Subsidies, 72 Tex. L. Rev. 669, 670
(1994).




n2  This is true for U.S. states as well as Canadian provinces. See James A.
Brander, Economic Policy Formation in a Federal State: A Game Theoretic
Approach, in Intergovernmental Relations 33, 41-42 (Richard Simeon ed., 1985);
Michael J. Trebilcock & Rambod Behboodi, The Canadian Agreement on Internal
Trade: Retrospect and Prospects, in Getting There: An Assessment of the
Agreement on Internal Trade 20, 55 (Michael J. Trebilcock & Daniel Schwanen
eds., 1995); Taylor, supra note 1, at 693.




n3  See infra Part II.B.




n4  See infra Part II.B.




n5  See infra notes 114-23 and accompanying text.




n6  See generally, John Jackson, The World Trading System 293-94 (2d ed., 1997);
Gary C. Hufbauer & Joanna Shelton- Erb, Subsidies in International Trade 9-10
(1984).




n7  Peter Enrich, Saving the States From Themselves: Commerce Clause Constraints
on State Tax Incentives for Business, 110 Harv. L. Rev. 377, 463-66 (1996); see
also Richard N. Cooper, U.S. Policies and Practices on Subsidies in
International Trade, in, International Trade and Industrial Policies: Government
Intervention in an Open World Economy 107, 118 (Steven Warnecke ed. 1978);
Hufbauer & Shelton-Erb, supra note 6, at 105 (discussing the problem of
"abnormal" incentives); Jackson, supra note 6, at 298-99 (asking what
governmental actions should be considered to cause a "distortion").




n8  On the benefits of regulatory competition and the existence of different
preference sets among different territorial populations, see Joel Trachtman,
Reflections on the Nature of the State: Sovereignty, Power, and Responsibility,
20 Can.-U.S. L.J. 399, 413 (1994); Joel Trachtman, International Regulatory
Competition, Externalization, and Jurisdiction, 34 Harv. Int'l L.J. 47, 100-103
(1993); Brander, supra note 2, at 37-38 (discussing the Tiebot model and noting
that "efficiency results from individuals revealing, via migration decisions,
their preferences concerning public goods.").




n9  On the impact of harmonization on federalism, see Matthew Schaefer,
Searching for Pareto Gains in the Relationship Between Free Trade and
Federalism: Revisiting the NAFTA, Eyeing the FTAA, 23 Can.-U.S. L.J. 441,
445-47, 475-78 (1997).




n10  See Jay Kayne, National Governors' Association, Investing in America's
Economic Future: States and Industrial Incentives 1, 32 (1992) [hereinafter
"NGA"]; see also Summary of Governors/CEOs Roundtable on Economic Growth and
Development Incentives (Jan. 30, 1993) (on file with author).




n11  This list is a simplified adaptation of lists provided in Thomas L. Brewer
& Stephen Young, Investment Incentives and the International Agenda, Int'l Econ.
175, 181 (1997); Lawrence Kramer et al., Tax Incentives: To Have or Have Not, 15
J. State Taxation 1, 2-3 (Winter 1997); Lori Hartzheim, State Tax Incentives:
Headed in the Right Direction, 15 J. State Taxation 51, 52-55 (Spring 1997);
Jennifer Fahey et al., States Use Several Methods to Attract and Retain
Business, 16 J. State Taxation 45 (Summer 1997); Kimberly Key & James Smith,
Trends in State and Local Economic Development Incentives, 15 J. State Taxation
1, 2-4 (Fall 1996); Kayne, supra note 10, at 25.




n12  Part of Alabama's incentive package for Mercedes required the state to buy
a certain number of Mercedes automobiles. See Editorial, States Must Know When
to Quit in High-Stakes Quest for Industry, Omaha World Herald, Sept. 8, 1996, at
14B, available in 1996 WL 6030380.




n13  See David Brunori, Principles of Tax Policy and Targeted Tax Incentives, 12
State Tax Notes 1731, 1732 (1997) (noting a 1993 report by the Arizona
Department of Revenue that found 25 states enacted tax incentive legislation for
particular companies between 1991 and 1993).




n14  See Key & Smith, supra note 11, at 2; Cathy Collins & Sherry Watson, The
New War Between the States: Economic Policy or Corporate Welfare, 15 J. State
Taxation 11, 12-14 (Winter 1997).




n15  I would like to acknowledge that I have relied heavily on insights gained
from a seminar taught jointly by Professor Alan Deardorff, University of
Michigan, and John Jackson, University of Michigan Law School, on Subsidies in
International Trade for this portion of the article. I have adapted the
arguments regarding subsidies in international trade for the context of
interstate subsidy wars in the United States. All errors and omissions are mine.




n16  See Alan Deardorff, The Economics of Subsidies and International Trade
(Jan. 12, 1992) (unpublished paper) (on file with author).




n17  See id.; see also Jackson, supra note 6, at 279-81.




n18  Although state investment attraction subsidies are not traditional
production subsidies in the form of a given dollar amount per unit of output, it
seems clear they will influence production behavior, particularly if the
continued existence of the subsidy is directly or indirectly linked to the
continuation of the productive activity (e.g. the employment of a certain number
of employees).




n19  See Caroline Pestieau, Revising the GATT Approach to Subsidies: A Canadian
View, in International Trade and Industrial Policies: Government Intervention in
an Open World Economy 91, 98 (Steven Warnecke ed. 1978); Harald B. Malmgren,
Negotiations of Rules on Subsidies in a World of Economic Interventionism, in
International Trade and Industrial Policies: Government Intervention in an Open
World Economy 210, 217 (Steven Warnecke ed. 1978); Stephen Cohen et al.,
Fundamentals of U.S. Foreign Trade Policy 66-67 (1996); Deardorff, supra note
16.




n20  See Pestieau, supra note 19, at 98; Deardorff, supra note 16.




n21  See James Rogers, The Futility of State Tax Competition 3-4 (unpublished
paper) (on file with author).




n22  Paul Krugman was the first to make this "thank you" note argument in
international trade economics literature. See Deardorff, supra note 16; Jackson,
supra note 6, at 281.




n23  See Deardorff, supra note 16.




n24  See Hufbauer & Shelton-Erb, supra note 6, at 5; Deardorff, supra note 16.




n25  See Deardorff, supra note 16.




n26  On public choice theory, see Alan Sykes, The Economics of Injury in
Anti-Dumping and Countervailing Duty Cases, 16 Int'l Rev. L. & Econ. 5, 18-21
(1996).




n27  See Kayne, supra note 10, at vii.




n28  See, e.g., Malmgren, supra nota 19, at 218 (noting the difficulty of
measuring benefits over a time horizon).




n29  For a review of economic studies and surveys in this area, see Robert
Lynch, The Effectiveness of State and Local Tax Cuts and Incentives: A Review of
the Literature, 11 State Tax Notes 949 (1996) (summarizing the major findings of
hundreds of studies); Key & Smith, supra note 11, at 5-8; Kramer et al., supra
note 11, at 4-7; Hartzheim, supra note 11, at 56-57.




n30  See Brander, supra note 2, at 50-51; Rogers, supra note 21, at 5.; Jeffrey
Atik, Investment Contests and Subsidy Limitations in the EC, 32 Virginia J.
Int'l L. 837, 856 (1992).




n31  See Richard B. Stewart, Environmental Regulation and International
Competitiveness, 102 Yale L.J. 2039, 2058 n.84 (1993). For a similar
description, see Brander, supra note 2, at 41-42.




n32  See Atik, supra note 30, at 867-868. Note that Atik's analysis is refined
even further, for it accounts for pre- subsidy locational advantages from the
point of view of the business being sought. I ignore this element because it is
hard for me to believe that states will be able to force businesses to reveal
this information. Further, in the absence of the cooperation of the business, it
would be difficult for a state to assess this information (at least without
significant costs). My somewhat simplified rule leads to the same result in
nearly all instances, particularly if one assumes that a less attractive
location will have higher externalities or marginal social benefits resulting
from the attraction of the business. The only instance in which a different
result will occur under the two rules is if the more attractive location also
derives greater social benefits from the attracted enterprise. Under my rule,
the more attractive location may grant a small subsidy (equal to the difference
in externalities between the two competing jurisdictions) that will be wasteful
in the sense the business would choose to locate in the state even without the
subsidy.




n33  See Ljubomir Nacev & Kim Kelley, State Tax Literature Review, 11 State Tax
Notes 1603 (1996) (citing Mark A. Jenn & Farrokh Nourzad, Determinants of
Economic Development Incentives Offered By States: A Test of the Arms Race
Hypothesis, 26 Rev. of Regional Stud. 1 (1996), and concluding that the results
strongly support the hypothesis).




n34  See, e.g., Ariz. Const. art. IX, 7; Cal. Const. art. XVI, 6; Iowa Const.
art. VII, 1; N.M. Const. art. IX, 14; Or. Const. art. XI, 8; Pa. Const. art.
VIII, 9; Tex. Const. art. III, 51.




n35  Tex. Const. art. III, 51.




n36  See Colo. Const. art. XI, 7.




n37  Iowa Const. art. VII, 1.




n38  See Dale Rubin, Public Purpose in the Northwest: A Sinkhole of Judicial
Interpretation-The Case for Alternatives in the Delivery of Public Services and
the Granting of Subsidies, 32 Idaho L. Rev. 417, 420 (1996).




n39  See, e.g., Tosto v. Pennsylvania Nursing Home Loan Agency, 331 A.2d 198
(Penn. 1975) (upholding the Nursing Home Loan Agency Law as constitutional); Jay
A. Reich, Lending of Credit Reinterpreted: New Opportunities for Public and
Private Sector Cooperation, 19 Gonz. L. Rev. 639, 641-42 (1983-84) (noting that
by 1900 most state constitutions contained some form of limitation on aid to
railroads).




n40  See Reich, supra note 39, at 642-43; Rubin, supra note 38, at 420.




n41  See, e.g., Colo. Const. art. V, 25; Neb. Const. art. III, 18; Nev. Const.
art. VIII, 1; S.D. Const. art. III, 23.




n42  See Jerome Hellerstein, State Taxation, 29-40 (1983) (noting nearly all
state constitutions contain provisions requiring taxes to be uniform or equal or
both); see, e.g., Neb. Const. art. VIII, 1; Utah Const. art. XIII, 2.




n43  See, e.g., Alaska Const. art. IX, 6; N.C. Const. art. V 2, cl. 1.




n44  See Hellerstein, supra note 42, at 41-42 (noting that most state
constitutions have a counterpart to the federal equal protection clause).




n45  See infra notes 47-107 and accompanying text; see also John Hayes & Paul
Godec, Tax Innovations: Enhanced Sales Tax Incentive Programs, 22 Urb. Law. 143
(1990) (discussing and dismissing potential state constitutional limits on using
sales taxes for tax increment financing).




n46  See In re Interrogatory Propounded by Governor Roy Romer on House Bill 91
S-1005, 814 P.2d 875 (Colo. 1991).




n47  See id. at 879.




n48  See id.




n49  See id. at 879-80.




n50  See id. at 881 (citing the Governor's Proclamation for the First
Extraordinary Session of the 58th General Assembly).




n51  Colo. Const., art. XI, 2.




n52  See In re Interrogatory, 814 P.2d at 882 (citing Colorado Cent. R.R. v.
Lea, 5 Colo. 192 (1879)).




n53  Id.




n54  See id. at 882-83 (citing McNichols v. City of Denver, 280 P.2d 1096 (Colo.
1995)).




n55  Id. at 884.




n56  See id.




n57  Id. at 894.




n58  See id. at 890.




n59  See id. at 895-96.




n60  Id. at 896 (Quinn J., dissenting).




n61  Id. at 885.




n62  See id.




n63  See id. at 887.




n64  See id.




n65  See id. at 888.




n66  See id.




n67  Id. at 897 (citing Denver v. Bach, 58 P. 1089, 1090 (1899)).




n68  See id. at 898.




n69  See id.




n70  See id. at 899.




n71  See Hayes v. State Property & Bldgs. Comm'n, 731 S.W.2d 797 (Ky. 1987).




n72  The description that follows is derived from the case itself. See id. at
798.




n73  Id. at 799.




n74  See id. at 799-800.




n75  See id. at 811.




n76  See id. at 817; see also id. at 819 (Vance, J., dissenting).




n77  See id. at 812, 817-18.




n78  See, e.g., id. at 817.




n79  See id.




n80  Id. at 815.




n81  Id. at 797.




n82  Id. at 806.




n83  Id. at 802.




n84  See id.




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See id. at 802-03




n89  See id. at 803-04.




n90  See id. at 804.




n91  See id. at 808.




n92  See id. at 809.




n93  Id.




n94  See id. at 819-20.




n95  See id. at 804.




n96  See id. at 804-05.




n97  See id.




n98  See id. at 821-22.




n99  See id. at 805 (noting that at the time the program was put together the
national unemployment rate was 6.8% while the state unemployment rate was more
than 10%).




n100  See id. at 798.




n101  See Ken Gepfert & Kevin Salwen, Incentive Defeat in North Carolina May Be
First Salvo in Wider Battle, Wall St. J., August 16, 1995, at S1.




n102  See id.




n103  N.C. Const. art. V, 2, cl. 1.




n104  Mitchell v. North Carolina Indus. Dev. Fin. Auth., 159 S.E.2d 745, 761
(N.C. 1968).




n105  Id.




n106  Id. at 751.




n107  Id.




n108  N.C. Const. art. V, 2(7); see Maready v. City of Winston-Salem, 467 S.E.2d
615, 623 (N.C. 1996).




n109  Maready, 467 S.E.2d at 623.




n110  Id. at 626 (quoting Mitchell v. North Carolina Indus. Dev. Fin. Auth., 159
S.E.2d 745, 764 (N.C. 1968) (Parker, C.J., dissenting)).




n111  Id. at 634 (Orr, J., dissenting).




n112  See., e.g., Tex. Const. art. 3, 52-a (adopted November 3, 1987) (providing
that "[n]otwithstanding any other provision of this constitution," the state can
create programs and make loans or grants "for the public purposes of development
and diversification of the economy of the state [and] the elimination of
unemployment or underemployment in the state.").




n113  See U.S. Const. art. I, 10, cl. 3.




n114  See Jennifer L. Gilbert, Selling the City Without Selling Out: New
Legislation on Development Incentives Emphasizes Accountability, 27 Urb. Law.
427, 446 (1995).




n115  See Collins & Watson, supra note 14, at 18.




n116  See id.; Gilbert, supra note 114, at 446.




n117  See National Governor's Association, Policy Resolution EDC-3, Economic
Growth and Development Incentives (adopted August 1993).




n118  Id.  3.2.2.




n119  Id.  3.2.3.




n120  Id.




n121  Id.




n122  Id.




n123  See id. The policy expired August 1995.




n124  See U.S. Const. art. I, 8.




n125  Dormant aspects of the Commerce Clause have been recognized by the Supreme
Court since Cooley v. Board of Wardens, 53 U.S. (12 How.) 299 (1851). See John
E. Nowak & Ronald D. Rotunda, Constitutional Law 8.4 (4th ed. 1991).




n126  See generally, Donald Regan, The Supreme Court and State Protectionism:
Making Sense of the Dormant Commerce Clause, 84 Mich. L. Rev. 1091, 1125 (1986).




n127  See infra notes 129-147 and accompanying text.




n128  See Enrich, supra note 7, at 408-13.




n129  See White v. Massachusetts Council of Constr. Employers, Inc., 460 U.S.
204, 206-11 (1983); Reeves v. Stake, 447 U.S. 429, 436-40 (1979); Hughes v.
Alexandria Scrap Corp., 426 U.S. 794, 806-10 (1976); see generally Dan Coenen,
Untangling the Market Participant Exemption to the Dormant Commerce Clause, 88
Mich. L. Rev. 395 (1989).




n130  See, e.g., New Energy Co. v. Limbach, 486 U.S. 269, 278 (1988) (direct
subsidization of domestic industry does not ordinarily run afoul of the dormant
Commerce Clause). However, it may be problematic if subsidies are not paid out
of general revenue funds. See West Lynn Creamery v. Healy, 512 U.S. 186, 199
n.15 (1994) (invalidating subsidy to in-state milk producers paid directly from
tax on all sales of milk, including out-of-state milk, to retailers). Although
the Court in West Lynn Creamery states that it has never squarely addressed the
question of direct subsidization, the Court's opinion should not be read as
calling into question the general exemption for direct subsidization, see
Hellerstein & Coenen, supra note 1, at 837-38. It appears the case would have
turned out differently if the subsidies were paid from general revenue funds
rather than the tax on sales of milk to retailers. See Matthew Schaefer, Are
Private Remedies in Domestic Courts Necessary for International Trade Agreements
to Perform Constitutional Functions With Respect to Sub-Federal Governments?, 17
Nw. J. Int'l L. & Bus. 609, 616 n. 28 (1996/97).




n131  See Hellerstein & Coenen, supra note 1, at 867-70.




n132  See id. at 855-68 (examining additional types of non-tax subsidies but
arguing that they should all be treated the same, i.e. should generally be
exempt from dormant Commerce Clause scrutiny). Note that imposition of
downstream restraints by a state when making a purchase or granting a subsidy
may run afoul of the dormant Commerce Clause, see South Cent. Timber Dev., Inc.
v. Wunnicke, 467 U.S. 82 (1984).




n133  See Bacchus Imports v. Dias, 468 U.S. 263 (1984).




n134  See Hellerstein & Coenen, supra note 1, at 802-03; see also Walter
Hellerstein, Commerce Clause Restraints on State Tax Incentives, 11 State Tax
Notes 57, 58 (1996).




n135  See Hellerstein & Coenen, supra note 1, at 804-05.




n136  See id. at 806.




n137  See id. at 809.




n138  See id. at 816-20.




n139  See id. at 825-34.




n140  Id. at 809.




n141  See generally, Gilbert, supra note 114.




n142  See Enrich supra note 7, at 422-33.




n143  See id. at 446-47.




n144  See id. at 433-40.




n145  See id. at 448-49.




n146  Id. at 456.




n147  See id. at 457-58.




n148  See id.




n149  See id. at 408-13.




n150  On how a business can utilize its informational advantage, see Atik, supra
note 30, at 856-58. Because states often attempt to hide information on bids
from one another, businesses are placed at a further advantage in the
negotiations. For instance, Colorado attempted to keep secret some of the
details of its bid for the United Airlines maintainance facility. See James
Coates, Incentives Soar in Bidding War for United Facility, Chi. Trib., May 9,
1991, available in 1991 WL 9377444.




n151  See Enrich, supra note 7, at 418-22.




n152  See id. at 419 n.215.




n153  The State Attorneys-General approach to the Uruguay Round Trade Agreement
implementing legislation is indicative of this emphasis. See, e.g., State
Officials to Ask Clinton for Trade Consultation Summit, 11 Int'l Trade Rep.
(BNA) No. 26, at 128 (June 29, 1994).




n154  See Matthew Schaefer & Thomas Singer, Multilateral Trade Agreements and
U.S. States-An Analysis of Potential GATT Uruguay Round Agreements, 26 J. World
Trade 31, 47 (1992).




n155  See id.




n156  See John Jackson et al., Legal Problems of International Economic
Relations 768 (3d ed. 1995).




n157  See Kayne, supra note 10, at 8 (noting the governors raised the issue
during their discussions); Report of the Intergovernmental Policy Advisory
Committee (IGPAC), The Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations 18-21
(Jan. 1994); see also Schaefer & Singer, supra note 154, at 47-53; Charlie
Colgan, Brave New World: International Regulation of Subsidies and the Future of
State and Local Economic Development Programs, 9 Econ. Dev. Q. 107 (May 1995).




n158  Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15, 1994, H.R.
Doc. No. 103-316, at 1533 [hereinafter Subsidies Agreement].




n159  See id.




n160  See id. arts. 2 & 5.




n161  See Jackson, supra note 6, at 296.




n162  See Hufbauer & Shelton-Erb, supra note 6, at 11.




n163  See Subsidies Agreement, supra note 158, art. 2. Similarly, the General
Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), another major Uruguay Round agreement,
does not interfere with state unitary income taxes or corresponding
apportionment formulas. See Schaefer, supra note 130, at 641.




n164  Subsidies Agreement, supra note 158, art. 5.




n165  See id. arts. 7 & 10.




n166  See id. art. 7.




n167  Id. art. 7.8.




n168  Id. art. 7.9.




n169  Id. art. 5 (a)(b) & (c).




n170  See id. art. 6.




n171  See id. annex IV, para. 6.




n172  See Brewer & Young, supra note 11, at 188-89.




n173  See id. at 182. While the chart in this article appears to indicate that
the 15% threshold would be met for Alabama's wooing of Mercedes and South
Carolina's package for BMW from the figures given, the situation is actually not
so clear. First, it is unclear from the chart over what time the states'
incentives occur. Second, if the incentives are in the form of low-interest
loans, the magnitude of the subsidy connected with the loans will only be a
small percentage of the entire loan amount. Specifically, the magnitude of the
subsidy would be the difference in interest payable at market rates versus at
the rate offered by the government or perhaps even be smaller if measured as the
cost to the government rather than the benefit to the recipient. See Subsidies
Agreement, supra note 158, annex IV, para. 1 (indicating that cost to the
government is the proper measure).




n174  Subsidies Agreement, supra note 158, art. 6.3.




n175  Id.




n176  See The GATT Uruguay Round: A Negotiating History, Vol. II, 904-05, 951-52
(Terence P. Stewart ed., 1993). The reference to "green-light" refers to the
negotiators "traffic- light" approach to negotiations. Prohibited subsidies,
such as export subsidies, are "red-light." Those subsidies that are potentially
actionable are "yellow-light." See also Colgan, supra note 157, at 109; Brewer &
Young, supra note 11, at 188.




n177  See Subsidies Agreement, supra note 158, art. 8. The reason I use the word
"generally" in the text is that subsidies qualifying for one of the "green
light" categories are still subject to challenge if they cause serious adverse
effects. See id. art. 9.




n178  See id. art. 8.2.




n179  See id. art. 8.2(c).




n180  See id. art. 8.2(a).




n181  See id. art. 8.2(b).




n182  Regarding early drafts of the Subsidies Agreement with respect to
sub-national subsidies, see Schaefer & Singer, supra note 154, at 48 (commenting
on Art. 2.2 of the Dunkel Draft Uruguay Round Agreement that made all
sub-federal subsidies "specific."); Stewart, supra note 176, at 953-54 (noting
Canadian objections to art. 2.2 of the Dunkel Draft).




n183  No actions can be brought against the states in U.S. federal or state
courts for violation of the Subsidies Agreement except by the U.S. federal
government. See Uruguay Round Agreements Implementing Act, Pub. L. No. 103-465,
103d Cong., 2d Sess. (Dec. 8, 1994) 102 (c.); see also Schaefer, supra note 130,
at 639-42.




n184  See Colgan, supra note 157, at 115.




n185  See Trade Act of 1974 301, 19 U.S.C.  2411 (1994).




n186  The General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS) envisions future
negotiations to limit subsidies with respect to service providers. See GATS,
April 15, 1994, 33 I.L.M. 1167, 1179 (1994), art. XV.




n187  See Grant D. Aldonas, Multilateral Investment Agreements, 31 Int'l Law.
447 (1997).




n188  See Negotiators on OECD Investment Pact to Meet with 30 Developing
Countries, 14 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 1556, 1557 (September 17, 1997).




n189  See Brewer & Young, supra note 11, at 191-92.




n190  See Aldonas, supra note 187, at 451.




n191  Other existing regional international agreements also fail to curb
investment incentives. See Brewer & Young, supra note 11, at 192-93.




n192  See Schaefer, supra note 9, at 462.




n193  Agreement on Internal Trade, July 1994, Preamble (last modified Nov. 20,
1995) <http://xinfo.ic.gc.ca/ic- data/economy/internal.trade/toc-eng.html>>
[hereinafter ITA].




n194  See id. art. 608.




n195  Id. annex 608.3, P 2.




n196  Id. annex 608.3, P 4.




n197  See id. annex 608.3, P 13.




n198  See id. art. 1704.




n199  See id. annex 608.3, P 5.




n200  Id. annex 608.3, P 9.




n201  Id. annex 608.3, P 3.




n202  See id. annex 608.3,PP 13, 14.




n203  See id. annex 608.3, PP 10, 11.




n204  See id. annex 608.3, P 15.




n205  See Canadian Provinces Agree to Expand Agreement on Inter-Provincial
Trade, 14 Int'l Trade Rep. (BNA) 1396 (August 13, 1997).




n206  See Trebilcock & Behboodi, supra note 2, at 56.




n207  See Claus-Dieter Ehlermann, State Aids Under European Community
Competition Law, 18 Fordham Int'l L.J. 410, 433 (1994); Ileana
Simplicean-Stroia, Comment, Study of the State Aid Policy in the European
Community: The "Illegal" State Aid Problem, 3 J. Int'l Legal Stud. 87, 93
(1997).




n208  Ehlerman, supra note 207, at 412 n.8 (quoting Treaty Establishing the
European Community, Feb. 7, 1992, art. 92 (1), [1992] 1 C.M.L.R. 573 (1992)
[hereinafter EC Treaty]).




n209  See The Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations, supra note 157,
at 19.




n210  See Ehlerman, supra note 207, at 412 n.9 (quoting EC Treaty art. 92 (2)).




n211  Id. at 413 n.10 (quoting Treaty Establishing the European Economic
Community, Mar. 25, 1957, art. 92 (3), 298 U.N.T.S. 11, 1973 Gr. Brit. T.S. No.
1 (Cmd. 5179-II)) (emphasis added).




n212  See Claus-Dieter Ehlermann, State Aid Control in the European Union:
Success or Failure?, 18 Fordham Int'l L.J. 1212, 1216-17 (1995).




n213  See Simplicean-Storia, supra note 207, at 97.




N214  See id. at 100.




n215  See id. at 103.




n216  See id. at 106.




n217  See id. at 109.




n218  See id. at 101.




n219  See id. at 110-11.




n220  See id. at 110-11 .




n221  See Ehlermann, supra note 212, at 1214.




n222  For other articles calling for such legislation, see Melvin Burstein &
Arthur Rolnick, Congress Should End the Economic War Among the States, 10 State
Tax Notes 1895 (1996); Taylor, supra note 1, at 670.




n223  See Gilbert, supra note 114, at 443-44.




n224  See id. at 428.




n225  Several commentators believe the problem is worsening. See Brunori, supra
note 13, at 1732; Collins & Watson, supra note 14, at 12 (claiming that subsidy
wars have escalated exponentially); John Hood, "Anti-Freeze: Stop the State
Bidding Wars for Big Business," Pol'y Rev. 62, 64 (Spring 1994) (reviewing the
history and noting that many business analysts date the opening salvo of the
modern bidding wars to 1976).




n226  See, e.g., Gilbert, supra note 114, at 429 (considering accountability
measures as an alternative to other approaches to solving state subsidy wars,
including federal legislation); Graham Toft, Doing Battle over the Incentives
War: Improve Accountability but Avoid Federal 'Noncompete' Mandates, 10 State
Tax Notes 1901, 1902 (1996).




n227  514 U.S. 549 (1995).




n228  505 U.S. 144 (1992).




n229  See, e.g., Wisconsin Dept. of Indus. v. Gould, 475 U.S. 282 (1986). A
later case distinguishing Gould found no Congressional intent to pre-empt the
state proprietary activity at issue in the case but did not find that Congress
lacked authority to limit state spending measures. See Building & Constr. Trust
Council v. Massachusetts Water Resources Bd., 507 U.S. 218 (1993).




n230  See Matthew Schaefer, The Impact (If Any) of Recent Supreme Court
Federalism Jurisprudence on the Negotiation and Enforcement of International
Trade Agreements Aug. 25, 1997 (unpublished manuscript) (on file with author);
Philip Frickey, The Congressional Process and the Constitutionality of Federal
Legislation to End the Economic War Among the States, 11 State Tax Notes 53
(1996).




n231  I derive this objection from Taylor, supra note 1, at 706-07 (ultimately
favoring a bureaucratic solution, however).




n232  See Enrich, supra note 7 (recommending use of judiciary to invalidate
investment attraction subsidies under dormant Commerce Clause); Burstein &
Rolnick, supra note 222, at 1900; Taylor, supra note 1, at 704-08.




n233  Ehlermann, supra note 212, at 1219-20 (noting EC interest in "exporting"
state aid control).




n234  I derived this objection from Trebilcock & Behboodi, supra note 2, at
55-58 (displaying skepticism that a manageable set of rules could be developed
in the Canadian context because the "range of scenarios seems likely to be too
varied.").




n235  See supra note 30 and accompanying text.




n236  See Schaefer, supra note 9, at 445-47.




n237  See Enrich, supra note 7, at 466-67.




n238  See supra notes 158, 195, 207 and accompanying text.




n239  See Hellerstein & Coenen, supra note 1.




n240  For this reason I would object to proposals to only include an exception
for subsidies to disadvantaged regions as is proposed in Taylor, supra note 1,
at 709.




n241  See also Taylor, supra note 1, at 709 (favoring a bureaucratic model).




n242  SeeSeminole Tribe v. Florida, 517 U.S. 44 (1996).




n243  See South Carolina v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203, 207-08 (1987).


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                              June 5, 2005 Sunday

Policy tangle thwarts woman's last wishes

BYLINE: Dooley, Danette

SECTION: PROVINCIAL NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 826  words


Anne Lasaga is fighting her third battle with cancer. Her daughter, Dale, says
it's heartbreaking that her mother must now fight for the right to decide where
she'll live out her last days.

"We just found out in April that Mom's lung cancer is back and it has
metastasized to the shoulder bone, unfortunately. She is terminal this time.
There's absolutely nothing they can do for her. It's just a matter of time now,"
Dale says.

Anne, 58, has been a patient at St. Clare's hospital since April. Although
medically discharged, she remains in hospital waiting for a bed in a
personal-care home.

And, according to her daughter, Anne has her heart set on spending whatever time
she has left at Katherine House on LeMarchant Road.

The government-approved Level I and Level II personal-care home is just a
stone's throw from where her daughter lives.

"We went and had a look at it ... the hospital suggested we go and see it. And
we spoke to the owner. Mom got out on a day pass. She had her spirits up. She
was delighted to go there and she met the lady that was going to be staying in
the room with her. They talked about having a game of cards, but in the back of
her mind, of course, she knew that was going to be the end."

Dale says her mother - who lives on government income support - returned to the
hospital content in believing that Katherine House would soon become her home.

However, as the financial arrangements were being worked out, the family
received heartbreaking news.

In explaining her mother's dilemma, Dale refers to the government's "floating
subsidies" for income-support clients. In order for her mother to be accepted
into Katherine House, she would need such a subsidy, Dale says.

However, she says the family has been told that such subsidies are no longer
available. Therefore, her mother must go to a home where a subsidy is already in
place. Unfortunately, the only available homes are outside the St. John's
region, she says.

According to government policy, there are two types of subsidies available
within the personal-care home sector. All are based on a financial-needs
assessment.

Fixed subsidies are assigned to beds in personal-care homes and portable
subsidies are assigned to clients who may take the subsidy anywhere they choose
to live.

While the department does not comment on particular cases for reasons of
confidentiality, Carolyn Chaplin, director of communications with the
de-partment, says that historically all subsidies were fixed, or allocated.

"Since 2000, all new subsidies are portable, to allow clients the choice of
where they live. Existing subsidies were not converted from fixed to portable.
Subsidies are allocated to the region by the department, and the regions then
allocate the subsidies to the clients."

Chaplin says some clients may be wait-listed for a portable subsidy. However,
they may choose to enter a personal-care home where a fixed subsidy is
available.

"The client then can apply for a transfer once a portable subsidy becomes
available," she adds.

In Anne's case, however, time may not be on her side.

Dale says her mother was medically discharged from St. Clare's about a month
ago. However, she's still waiting to be placed in a personal-care home.

After the interview, Dale was heading out to Conception Bay South to look at a
personal-care home where a fixed government subsidy is available - the same
amount that, she says, Katherine House would charge to take care of her mother.

"When I spoke to my mother yesterday, I tried to be as positive as I could. I
told her that this new home came about in Manuels ... and she said, 'But I
thought we was going to Katherine House.' "

Dale's four-year-old son, Logan, is the sunshine of his grandmother's eye. Anne
needs to be close to him for whatever time she has left, Dale contends.

"He's her whole life, and I'm the one who's trying to fulfil her last wishes.
... And where I'm her only child, I'm her only real support. And her wishes are
that she stay close to her family and the hospital, in case need be."

While Katherine House and other personal-care homes will care for Dale's mother
for just over $1,000 a month - an amount, she says, government does pay for its
income-support clients living in such facilities - Dale says she's been told
that keeping Anne at St. Clare's is much costlier.

"If it costs $1,000 a day for Mom to be at St. Clare's and she'll soon be in her
eighth week there, that's over $50,000 that the government has spent for her to
stay at St. Clare's."

The staff at the St. John's Health Care Corp.'s Palliative Care Unit has
assessed Anne and, while moving her into palliative care is an option down the
road, Dale says the staff feels she's not yet ready for such a move. They feel
she can be well cared for now in a personal-care home.

"Palliative care is still open to her and she doesn't have to go on a waiting
list to get there. But right now, she's fighting to see where she'll get to
spend her last days," Dale says.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

Letter to President Jonathan [analysis]

BYLINE: Jibrin Ibrahim

LENGTH: 1418 words


I decided to write to you following the announcement yesterday by the Petroleum
Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) about the withdrawal of petroleum
subsidy.

It appears that henceforth, Nigerians will now pay N141 per litre of petrol
starting from yesterday, January 1, 2012. The quest to withdraw subsidies on
petroleum product pricing has become a wrenching tug-of-war between the Federal
Government on the one hand and the Nigeria Labour Congress and its allies in
civil society organizations, the media, academia and the citizenry, on the other
hand.

The price of petroleum products has been adjusted eighteen times in the 26 years
since the military administration of General Babangida broke the mould by
raising the pump price of petrol from 3.15 kobo per litre to 20 kobo per litre
in April 1985. Throughout this period, while there have been regular increases
in fuel prices no government has succeeded in completely removing fuel subsidy.
It appears that you believe you have more capacity than the previous governments
and that you can achieve what they failed to achieve.

Mr. President, I know that you and your key ministers were consulting with
various stakeholders last month to explain the imperative of completely
abandoning fuel subsidy in January 2012 and to propose what the fuel subsidy
gains would be used for. From all reports, the Minister of Finance, Ngozi
Okonjo-Iweala made compelling presentations on the imperative of the immediate
discontinuation of fuel subsidy. She succeeded in demonstrating that the amount
spent on fuel subsidy is so large that it has forced us as a nation to abandon
our development goals and is in addition accelerating our indebtedness.

Your Government has presented an elaborate Subsidy Reinvestment and Empowerment
Programme (SURE). The programme proposes ambitious commitments to social safety
nets, public works, youth employment, Niger Delta development and agricultural
development programmes. Nonetheless, the compelling arguments have not convinced
significant components of the society that the time has arrived to stop fuel
subsidy. The main reason is that almost nobody believes Government will and can
do what it has promised.

At the Lagos Townhall meeting of 22nd December 2011 organised by the Newspaper
Proprietors Association of Nigeria, the Minister of Finance passionately
appealed to Nigerians to accept the Government's proposals and thereby give them
the opportunity "to rebuild trust" and implement the transformation agenda.
Labour was unequivocal in its response - they accused the Minister of being a
"liar" and declared that the SURE package was just a shopping list. In a joint
statement, NLC and TUC asserted that the total fuel subsidy gains could not pay
for one-fifth of the SURE programme (Trust, 22/12/11).

The very influential and widely distributed calculations by Dr. Izielen Agbon
that the real cost of producing a litre of petrol in Nigeria is N33.36, while
the cost of the imported swapped litre is N34.45, has completely undermined the
government's case. The government position that the real cost of a litre is now
N141 is being widely ridiculed and seen as part of the largest fraud in
Nigeria's history. Of course the calculation of government is based on
opportunity cost while Dr. Agbon's arguments fit too neatly into the general
belief of Nigerians that they have an entitlement to cheap fuel. This has placed
support on Dr. Agbon's rather than Dr. Jonathan's side.

Mr. President, I believe that you should listen to the response of religious
leaders on this matter. The General-Superintendent of the Deeper Life Ministry,
William Kumuyi has advised you "to listen to the outcries against the planned
removal of fuel subsidy ... and consider the interest of suffering Nigerians"
(Punch, 26/12/11). The Catholic Archbishop of Abuja, John Onaiyekan addressed
the issue of trust extensively, following the Ilorin Stakeholders meeting
between you and your team and the leading one hundred Christian and Muslim
leaders in the country. It is worth quoting extensively from his interview.

"Why is there no trust? It is simply what we see on the ground, not just the oil
subsidy which amounts to about 4% of the Gross National Product. We see the
whole of Nigeria and we cannot see it being used properly. The roads are still
bad and the educational system is still in tatters. What is the magic in fuel
subsidy that 4% will achieve what 96% has not done... As a religious leader, I
spend most of my time trying to get my people to make acts of faith in God, but
I will tell them that this God delivers. If this god does not deliver, if he is
a god that betrays you, if he is a god that makes promises that he doesn't
fulfil, I have no business telling anybody to make an act of faith in him. That
is the problem that we have with the fuel subsidy removal.... (Onaiyekan adds
the words of a Muslim leader at the Ilorin meeting). It seems you have called us
together hoping that you will use us to sell the idea of fuel subsidy. Are we
going to stake our own credibility on the promises of government which we
ourselves are not sure of?" (Sunday Trust, 25/12/11).

Given the lack of trust, the government is yet to close the deal on "whether"
the subsidy can be withdrawn immediately. At the same time, we cannot continue
with the present fuel subsidy regime. At the Lagos town hall meeting, the
Central Bank Governor told us that between January and November 2011, $8 billion
dollars was provided to the oil marketers to use in promoting foreign economies.
The Minister of Finance told us that we had borrowed N852 billion to fund the
2011 budget mortgaging our future. We cannot continue along this path.

These facts notwithstanding, Mr. President, I personally doubt that you have the
capacity to impose fuel subsidy removal in the present context. Opposition
parties, notably ACN and CPC, are not on board. The information released on the
privileged beneficiaries of subsidy payments has shifted the debate from subsidy
withdrawal to the development of a more efficient, transparent and accountable
subsidy administration and supply side reforms. You Government have not won the
argument that immediately ending subsidy is the ineluctable and urgent option to
end the regime of privileges and abuses to public goods. The National Assembly
has still not been bought over by arguments from the Executive branch.

My dear President Jonathan, in your New Year Eve's address to Nigerians on the
declaration of the state of emergency in some parts of the country, you
emphasised the seriousness of the security threats we are facing as a Nation.
You are also aware that the Joint Action Front (JAF) established by labour and
civil society is committed to the struggle against fuel subsidy and will
mobilise both the masses and the elite to be on the barricades to stop the fuel
subsidy removal. Why open too many fronts at the same time? Is your New Year
message to Nigerians that the military, through successive declarations of
states of emergency, will cripple through force of arms the attempt of the Joint
Action Front to stop the withdrawal of fuel subsidy? This, in my view would be
promoting war between the people and their government. By completely withdrawing
fuel subsidy from 1st January, your government is excluding the option of
building trust.

Some of your ministers had announced earlier that you would use the first
quarter of 2012 to continue with your consultations with Nigerians. I write to
advise you that that is a preferable approach. Consultations must continue with
the objective of addressing the key issues of massive waste, inefficiencies and
corruption operated currently under the Petroleum Support Fund and its famous
template. The long chain of brokerage charges, crude export costs, foreign
refining costs, as well as demurrage and landing costs will not be addressed.
There is a path that could lead to a win-win situation in which the amount paid
on fuel subsidy is reduced massively while at the same time, Nigerians are
spared the hardship of paying cut throat prices for petroleum and transport
costs. The path of reason is that your Government should shift from its position
of an immediate end to fuel subsidy and accept negotiation on trust building
measures spread over time, while labour and civil society should accept to
negotiate reasonable palliatives based on a believable programme that addresses
the negative impact of fuel subsidy removal on the poor.

Yours sincerely, Jibrin

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                            April 23, 2011 Saturday
                                   E1 Edition

High costs driving pensioners out of medical schemes;
The number of companies that subsidise their former employees' medical scheme
contributions in retirement is falling. And even those pensioners who do receive
a subsidy are finding medical scheme membership unaffordable. Laura du Preez
reports

SECTION: PERSONAL FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1005 words


Pensioners are finding medical scheme membership unaffordable and are dropping
out of schemes even if their former employers are helping them to pay their
contributions by way of a post-retirement subsidy, a recently released
healthcare survey shows.

According to the Old Mutual Actuaries & Consultants (Omac) survey, about 47
percent of |employers that have employees and retired employees on restricted,
or closed, schemes and 21 percent of|employers that have staff or retired staff
on open schemes reported that between one and 20 percent of their retired
employees are leaving their medical schemes.

Omac interviewed 83 employer groups for the survey, as well as 21 schemes, 15
brokerages and more than 1 000 members.

"Pensioners are finding the affordability of healthcare costs more and more of a
burden. In previous years, it was almost unknown for pensioners to leave their
medical schemes owing to a lack of affordability of the contributions,"
|Margaret Hulme, the head of healthcare consulting at Omac, says.

Compounding affordability issues for people who have gone on pension recently is
the decline in the number of employers that subsidise post-retirement medical
scheme contributions. Many companies stopped providing these subsidies in the
late 1990s.

The survey found that more than 60 percent of employers whose employees belong
to open medical schemes no longer subsidise contributions after retirement.

The survey found that in total 43 percent of employers do not offer their former
employees any subsidy of their medical scheme contributions after they retire.

However, employers that participate in restricted schemes for the benefit of
their employees are more likely than those that put their employees in open
schemes to continue to support their former employees after retirement.

Only 14 percent of employers with closed schemes do not provide subsidies to
their former employees after retirement.

A survey by Alexander Forbes Health of the 150 companies that it advises on
healthcare strategies found that 52 percent of these companies provide
post-retirement medical cover and 25 percent do not.

Most of the companies that used to provide post-retirement medical cover are now
limiting this cover: generally, new employees do not qualify for the benefit,
Alexander Forbes says.

The Omac survey found that|one-third of the employers that reported that they
provide post-retirement subsidies said they no longer provide these subsidies to
employees who have joined the|company after a certain date.

With medical scheme contributions rising consistently at rates higher than
inflation, a post-retirement subsidy is an extremely|valuable benefit,
cushioning your retirement income from some of the effects of contribution
increases and higher medical costs.

Don't bank on a subsidy

Natasja Norval Hart, the most recent winner of the Financial Planner of the Year
award, says a|post-retirement subsidy provided by a former employer is a "nice
to have" benefit, but you cannot rely|on receiving one when you plan|for
retirement.

You must make your own plans to provide for your healthcare needs in retirement,
she says. When calculating these needs, Norval Hart says, you should separate
them from your living expenses, which are likely to decrease in retirement,
whereas your contributions to a medical scheme will increase at a rate higher
than inflation.

The fact that fewer companies are looking after retirees makes it more important
that you see a financial adviser annually in the lead-up to retirement, and
after retirement, to ensure that your finances will last throughout your
retirement, Norval Hart says.

Hulme says that employers and members face the uncertainty of whether pensioners
will be covered by National Health Insurance (NHI) if they have not contributed
to it for all, or most, of their working lives.

"There is concern regarding the level of new funding that employers may have to
provide towards NHI and whether they will be able to afford to continue to pay
any current post-retirement obligations," Hulme says.

A case a few years ago in which pensioners successfully challenged the SABC's
decision to change their post-retirement subsidy unilaterally without giving
them sufficient alternative compensation has set a precedent for employers.

Hulme says that if employers find their NHI obligations too onerous and they
wish to remove their post-retirement medical scheme subsidies, they may have to
negotiate with the pensioners to whom they pay these subsidies and compensate
them appropriately.

The scope of the post-retirement subsidies that companies provide varies
considerably, the Omac survey found.

Some employers (eight percent of the surveyed sample) subsidise only the
member's contributions, while most (45 percent) subsidise the member and his or
her immediate family. A small group of employers reported that their subsidy
depends on an employee's income level when he or she reaches retirement, with
lower-income earners receiving subsidies for the member only and higher earners
receiving subsidies for the entire family.

Of the employers that reported that they pay post-retirement subsidies, 79
percent said they pay a|percentage of the medical scheme contributions, which
means that the subsidy increases in line with the contributions.

Twenty-one percent of the employers surveyed said they|provide a subsidy with a
rand value. Typically, subsidies that are based on a rand value increase in line
with salaries rather than medical inflation. This leaves the employee or
pensioner paying an increasing|proportion of the contributions, because
contribution increases|outstrip increases in their salary or pension income.

The Omac survey says that employers had difficulty reporting the amount they
spend on employees and former employees, but, in rands, subsidies for scheme
contributions range from R3 700 to R1 200 a month per employee, with the average
at R1 703 a month per employee. Subsidies provided to pensioners are generally
the same as those for employees, the survey says.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Farmers brace for cut in agro subsidy in FY '15 budget

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 5 -- Agricultural subsidy in terms of the total budgetary
allocation in the upcoming fiscal year (FY) 2014-15 is likely to see a reduction
following the declining trend of FY 2013-14, experts said.

They said in order to boost agricultural production, which is imperative for
food security of the country, agricultural subsidy should be increased.

Finance Minister AMA Muhith recently said that the allocation for farm subsidy
would be the same in FY 2015 as in FY 2014, the year when agro-subsidy worth Tk
90 billion was allocated.

"The subsidy remaining the same in FY'15 as in FY'14 means it will reduce in
real term," Prof M A Taslim, who teaches economics at Dhaka University, said.

"Considering the inflation, total budgetary allocation (which is tentatively
2.49 trillion in FY'15) and the Gross Domestic Product (GDP), the subsidy will
reduce if it remains the same at Tk 90 billion," he said.

"Subsidy in FY'13 was 6.34 per cent against the total budgetary allocation which
reduced to 4.04 per cent in FY'14 and is going to be only 3.61 per cent
(tentatively) in FY'15," he said.

He said poultry farmers, potato and vegetable growers have incurred a huge loss
in the eight months (July-February) of the outgoing fiscal year due to political
turmoil. They should be compensated.

Agricultural economist Golam Hafiz Kennedy has said apart from farm subsidy,
allocation for the ministry of agriculture (MoA) is also being reduced.

The allocation for MoA in FY'14 (proposed) has reduced by nearly 17.53 per cent
from the revised budget for FY'13.

The government allocated Tk 122.70 billion for both development and
non-development budget for the MoA in FY14, which was Tk 148.78 billion in FY13
(revised).

The allocation for MoA was only 5.51 per cent of the total Tk 2.224 trillion
budget in FY'14, which was 7.85 per cent of the total Tk 1.89 trillion in FY'13.

Economist Dr A K Enamul Haque said besides indirect subsidies, which are given
to fertilisers and electricity, direct subsidy should be reintroduced.

"The farmers got that kind of subsidy last in FY'10, when the government
inaugurated farmers' fair price card," he said.

"After that the card hasn't been used," he said.

"Farmers showed tremendous success in the last ten years as rice production
achieved a surplus yield, with wheat, maize, vegetable, potato, pulses, onion,
oilseed and jute production achieving new records," he said.

"But the government's feedback is not significant against the farmers'
achievements," he said.

"The challenge of the 21st century is to keep farmers in agriculture as there
are many sectors available now where every day hundreds of farmers are shifting
to," he said.

"Ensuring profitable price and giving logical subsidies are the only tools to
keep them stuck in farming," he commented.

CPD (Centre for Policy Dialogue) additional director Dr Khandker Golam Moazzem
said: "Total subsidies are going to be reduced in FY'15 compared to FY'14. "It
is good news that agriculture is securing at least some amount."

He said farm subsidy should be increased, and it should be given in the areas of
non-cereal crops and cash crops like vegetable, fruits, jute, cotton, pulses,
oilseed etc to boost commercial agriculture.

"Farmers are now concentrating on soybean, sunflower and mustard oil, where they
need subsidy which can cut import cost for edible oil and fat," he added.

However, the government spent 92 per cent (Tk 83 billion) of the total
allocation for farm subsidy in FY'14 (until May), according to MoA.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

Doubts persist over NBS policy for fertilisers

BYLINE: Prabha Jagannathan

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 732 words


NEW DELHI: A Group of Ministers (GoM) headed by Finance Minister Pranab
Mukherjee cleared the much awaited Nutrient Based Subsidy (NBS) policy for
fertilisers last week but apprehensions persist that in its current form, the
policy will continue to keep the fertiliser subsidy bill high even while doing
little to increase soil health through nutrients and boost sectoral investment
The policy does not moot urea price decontrol.

"It was cleared last week," fertiliser minister (MoS) Shrikant Jena told ET. The
current urea policy is upto March 31 which means that the new policy has to be
in place by April 1 this year. Phase I involving giving cash subsidy to
retailers instead of the existing practice of giving subsidy to companies is
expected to last for three years. Ideally, sector monitors hold, the shift
towards the new system should be done in the lean period of January to March.

The move towards the NBS regime was triggered by concerns over an unprecedented
Rs 1.17 lakh crores subsidy in 2008-09 against a background of markedly reduced
crop yields in key regions. Under the new regime, the strategy was to expose the
retail prices of fertilisers to the market.

However, the subsidy per nutrient content would be determined in advance at the
beginning of the financial year, with a view to ensure fertilsier quality and
reasonable price. .

Official sources acknowledged that the new policy is "not substantially"
different. Indeed, those privy to the contours of the 80-page new policy say the
policy maintains "status quo" on pricing and control as in the current
product-based subsidy regime for urea based fertilisers.

Nor indeed are there any "specific initiatives" to usher in a policy supports
the use of micro-nutrients for balanced fertility and increased agricultural
productivity.

The situation of high import reliance for raw materials, inputs and finished
products will continue since the cost plus pricing structure for urea that was
to be changed to a fixed subsidy per kilogram of nutrient, continues in the new
policy, according to those in the know.

Since DAP and MoP (phosphatic and potassic fertiliser) pricing is already linked
to import parity price and Single Super Phosphate (SSP) was decontrolled from
October 1, 2009, the inclusion of these initiatives in the new subsidy policy
will not see any fresh reduction in subsidy, industry insiders with whom the DoF
discussed the new policy pointed out.

"The lack of decontrol will mean that the subsidy bill will continue to remain
high and the domestic industry will not see any fresh investments due to the
uncertain scenario," industry sources contended.

The DoF expects the subsidy bill for the current fiscal to be around Rs
71-72,000 crore, well over the BE of Rs 53,750 crore. That is lower compared to
the peak levels of last year on account of poor monsoons and lower fertiliser
use, but significantly high nonetheless.

"Next year, we could well see the subsidy bill jumptin right back to Rs one lakh
plus crore since there is no fundamental change in the new policy, and no
attempt to unshackle industry and thus incentivise investment as envisaged by
the FM while outlining the new policy at Budget time,"sources acknowledged. In
due course, it was also intended to move eto a system of direct transfer of
subsidy to farmers but that has now been put on the backburner.

Under the new policy, the Department of Fertilisers (DoF) has proposed a
negative subsidy on efficient units that will further drive away fresh
investment into the sector and continue with the heavy reliance on imports. Nor,
say sources, is there attempt in the new policy to encourage the introduction of
innovative fertiliser products since the DoF was not working out the
nutrient-based subsidy on secondary and micro-nutrients etc (zinc, sulphur,
manganese. etc that have become alarmingly scrace in Indian soils).

Nutrient-based subsidy essentially means subsidy on actual nitrogen (N),
phosphorus (P) and potassic (K) content of different fertiliser formulations,
rather than blanket subsidy on the whole fertiliser product irrespective of the
nutrient status. The old system encouraged excessive use of nitrogenous
fertilisers, notably urea, and reduced application of phosphatic and potassic
fertilisers. This resulted in high imbalance in the use of N, P and K,
jeopardising soil fertility.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                              July 8, 1988, Friday

DEAL MAY LEAD TO SUBSIDY AUTHORITY SHIFT

BYLINE: WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Great Atlantic & Pacific Shipping Corp. deal could pave the way for a
shifting of existing subsidy rights to a new company that would operate 24 ships
owned by Sea-Land Corp.

In addition, legislation pending in the Senate would provide operating subsidy
eligibility for the 12, foreign-built, D9J-class containerships used in
ea-Land's trans-Pacific service.

Those vessels were built in 1979 and 1980 in Japanese and South Korean
shipyards. Each can carry about 2,500 20-foot containers.

The legislation, H.R. 2510, would make the D9J vessels eligible for subsidy.

It will be the subject of a Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation
Committee hearing on July 12.

Government, labor and carrier witnesses have been invited to testify at the
session.

When he introduced the measure last month, Sen. Daniel K. Inouye, D- Hawaii,
stressed the bill does not grant subsidy, it simply makes the vessels eligible
to receive it.

Subsequently, he said he will amend the bill to preclude so-called double-
dipping by requiring Sea-Land to reimburse the government for subsidy paid on
vessels that carry military of preference cargoes.

Under current law only U.S.-built and U.S.-documented vessels may receive
government subsidy payments used to offset the lower operating costs of foreign
competitors. That is why the legislation is needed for the D9Js.

An exception to the law in the early 1980s permitted over 60 foreign-built
vessels to qualify for subsidy under a special exception. It included the 12
huge Econships built for United States Lines and acquired by Sea-Land.

While subsidy eligibility for all 24 vessels may eventually be attained, getting
subsidy contracts approved by the Maritime Administration may be more difficult.

It has been the Reagan administration's repeated position that it will not
approve new subsidy contracts. The $ 248 million it has requested for the
subsidy program next year would only service existing contracts.

However, Farrell Lines and Waterman Steamship Corp. operate a total of 10
vessels under subsidy and U.S. law would permit the transfer of some or all of
that subsidy to the Sea-Land vessels with Marad approval. The subsidies wouldn't
be paid to Sea-Land but to Great Atlantic and Pacific Shipping Corp., a newly
formed company that has reached agreement in principal to acquire all the stock
of Waterman Marine Corp. and Farrell Lines Inc. The ships would be operated by
Waterman under bareboat charter from Sea-Land and timechartered back to
Sea-Land.

Since it is a merger acquisition, A&P must file with the Justice Department.
Under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act procedures, mergers are subject to a 30-day
waiting period while Justice determines if it needs more information. If the
department finds it is not a legal merger, it can sue in District Court to block
it.

A Federal Maritime Commission spokesman said the agency might want to take a
look at the acquisition, but the deal probably is not under its jurisdiction.

Farrell operates seven vessels on two trade routes, U.S. Atlantic to the West
Coast of Africa, and U.S. Atlantic to the Mediterranean. It received $ 21
million in subsidies last year.

Waterman received $ 13 million in subsidy last year for three ships on its U.S.
Atlantic and Gulf to Persia and Southeast Asia trade route.

Referring to next week's hearing on the subsidy eligibility legislation, he said
the riddle has been answered on why the bill was wanted by Sea-Land.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                              June 28, 2010 Monday

CBN and Petroleum Subsidy [opinion]

BYLINE: Les Leba

LENGTH: 1822  words


The issue of the removal of petrol subsidy is one area that has exposed our
government's characteristic indecision and prevarication.

On the one hand, government's claim to subsidy values of over N600bn per annum
is considered outrageous and unsustainable as this expenses subhead alone
usually exceeds the consolidated capital votes for health, education and
transportation each year.

Meanwhile, Nigerians continue to bemoan the huge infrastructural deficits in
these critical areas of social welfare, but still rigidly insists on the
maintenance of this oppressive expenditure pattern. Indeed, the PDP government
has continued to threaten Nigerians with petroleum subsidy withdrawal for over
six years, with renewed calls and affirmation by government officials every
month or so.

Nonetheless, subsidy has increased from just over N100bn in year 2000 to its
current value of over N600bn, while government continues to make feeble noises
on the end of subsidy.

The truth, of course, is well recognized by government that removal of subsidy
will bring untold hardship to all Nigerians (especially those who do not have
easy access to government treasury). Meanwhile, there is the real possibility
that subsidy could exceed over 70% of our capital budget, if oil prices rise
fortuitously to above $100/barrel in the next 12 months. If this happens, any
hope that we will make any serious impact on our infrastructural deficit may
well be a pipe dream together with the porous Vision 20-2020 strategy.

I have maintained without equivocation in this column in the last six years that
it will be impossible for government to cancel subsidy (i.e. dismantle NNPC's
current petrol import monopoly) without first dismantling the monopoly of our
Central Bank in the foreign exchange market, where the CBN controls over 80% of
all dollars traded in the market while it maintains its constitutional monopoly
of all naira issuance concurrently. Needless to say that government's dilemma on
fuel pricing firmly corroborates our abiding observation.

However, we have also explained in this column how the adoption of the
instruments of dollar certificates (strictly not cash) for disbursement of
dollar derived revenue to constitutional beneficiaries would immediately lead to
steady decline in local fuel prices such that 'subsidy' will become unnecessary
while government will be repositioned to actually derive substantial revenue
from a sales tax which can be levied without any opposition from labour.

In other words, the adoption of dollar certificates will make available over
N600bn for capital and social welfare enhancement in addition to a sales tax
revenue of upto N10/litre on over 30 million litres of fuel consumed daily. If
the situation can be turned around so simply and beneficently, why is the
government pussyfooting on this vital issue? The only obvious reason for
government's lack of enthusiasm to embrace this reality is that its adoption
would quickly reduce the space for corruption and self-enrichment, particularly
in the Central Bank, the commercial banks, the executive arms of government and
in the bureau de change, who now serve as a collaborative conduit with treasury
looters to facilitate money laundering.

Today's article "CBN & Petroleum Subsidy" is the title of the editorial of 17th
June 2010 in the Guardian Newspapers. We invite our readers' attention to the
full text of the editorial, which is reproduced hereafter. It is axiomatic that
the same CBN who is primarily the promoter and the villain in the scourge of
subsidy is also shouting the loudest for its removal. Some analysts observe that
it is a case of propaganda and an attempt to distract attention and divert
recognition of the apex bank as the engine of our problem. The Guardian
editorial under reference reads as follows:

"Central Bank Governor, Lamido Sanusi recently called for the immediate removal
of petroleum subsidy. It may be recalled that two months or so ago, the NNPC
assured that there would no longer be fuel shortages. Since then, there have
been media reports that the supply of petroleum products has improved nationwide
with petrol beginning to flow at the recommended price from the hitherto dry
pumps in the north easternmost states which had for years been overrun by fuel
black markets.

"This development is noteworthy because the need to end shortages, which had
always been officially orchestrated, formed part of the traditional reasons
pleaded by government for seeking to dump petroleum subsidy. It is apposite to
state at this point that, after several decades of disagreement and intermittent
negotiations between government and the labour unions over withdrawal of subsidy
, what exists today is petrol subsidy as other refined petroleum products sell
at uncontrolled or commercial rates without drawing the ire of Labour.

"The easing of fuel supply notwithstanding, the latest consultations between the
federal administration and Labour regarding complete deregulation of the
downstream petroleum sector were unfruitful. In the circumstances, the apex bank
governor's public resort to the ingrained official fixation or removal of fuel
subsidy very soon after shows arrogant disrespect for the primacy of the
preferences of the people in a democracy as expressed through the labour unions.

"The problem of petroleum subsidy has lingered for several decades and it is
therefore regrettable that the CBN failed to look inward for alternative options
for resolving the matter, a sine qua non - confirmed by the following cursory
historical review. Petroleum products have not always been subsidized nor did
the onset of subsidy result from lagging petroleum product prices relative to
changes in the international price of crude oil. From its stable price of 8.8
kobo per litre in 1966-78 when there was no subsidy, petrol price rocketed by
73,700 per cent to N65 per litre today.

"Also diesel which retailed at 11 kobo per litre in 1985 zoomed 99,900 percent
to N110 per litre currently.

But crude oil, even at the peak price of US$147 per barrel in 2008, rose by only
880 per cent over the 1978 level of $15 per barrel. Hence nominally, with
domestic petrol and diesel prices outpacing crude oil prices by 84 fold and
114-fold respectively during the period, the culprit in the vexed subsidy is the
precipitous depreciation of the naira by over 99.6 per cent since 1980 with its
attendant high inflation. Doubtless, the monetary and fiscal authorities
culpably left their job undone.

"Accordingly, until the CBN begins to correctly infuse federation account dollar
proceeds into the system so as to halt the slide of the naira and stem high
inflation, removal or reduction in petrol subsidy would leave the masses worse
off. Contrarily, when government flushes out (as it should) the oil sector cabal
currently cornering a part of the subsidy, the lot of the masses would improve.
Poised against the masses, Sanusi further sought to justify his position by
claiming falsely that government was borrowing to pay petrol subsidy debts. The
truth is that proceeds (local or external) from any volume of crude oil
allocated for domestic consumption more than cover whatever shortfall that might
arise because of the controlled pump price of petrol.

"However, the CBN governor has explained elsewhere that he is all for petroleum
subsidy provided it is well administered. Indeed, energy subsidy possess immense
economic advantage particularly in an oil producing country. Take for instance,
Venezuela where fuel has gone for three U.S. cents (that is N4.50 today) per
litre since 2006.

Given appropriate fiscal and monetary measures, such an economy under the free
enterprise system could within a short time transform into a low-cost production
centre with a supper-vibrant private sector; a highly diversified industrial
base and a fully engaged workforce. The economy would become a major exporter
and also generate tones of tax revenue.

"Nevertheless, we note the apex bank's concerns about continuing to subsidize
petrol imported from other countries. Clearly, an oil producing country reaps
the maximum benefits from refining its total crude output.

Fuel importation became necessary owing to the failure of NNPC refineries to
operate optimally. But labour and other vested interests have stalled their
privatization. To get around labour resistance to deregulation, government
should have recourse to the export processing zone scheme (EPZ) initiated over a
decade ago.

There should be urgent legislation requiring the joint-venture oil companies to
refine within a given time frame initially a specified and graduated or rising
proportion of, and subsequently, their total crude oil output for export at any
Nigerian location of their choice under EPZ rules. Refined petroleum products
for domestic consumption could then be imported from the EPZs and subsidized if
need be. That will shower the country with the full benefits of a developed
petroleum sector.

"For now, as the CBN searches for excuses for its unending failures, Nigerians
should be spared the distraction and economic pain that the removal of the
remaining petroleum subsidy could cause."

However, how do Nigerians see governments' argument and propaganda for
rationalizing subsidy removal? To answer this question, we will conclude this
week's piece with excerpts from a rejoinder titled XX "The Arithmetic of Subsidy
, the 'Isiro' of Deceit" (isiro in Yoruba translates to addition) by Oyewale
Tomori, a Professor of Virology on page 64 in the Guardian edition of June 24,
2010. It reads as follows:

"The campaign, or rather the war to remove subsidy has been going on now for
some time; the losers will be the ordinary abandoned, deserted, discarded,
forsaken, neglected and done for citizens of Nigeria.... They have employed
tactics bordering on deceit, trickery, duplicity, deception and guile. They have
inundated us with figures extracted from a blend of crude and partially refined
fact and fiction. They have presented, "hankly and pankily", this hybrid of fact
and fiction with subtle manipulations... to deceive us into supporting the
removal of the "subsidy"

"We are bombarded with adverts telling us what we could have done with the 2.3
trillion naira subsidy. The first advertisement I saw said that with the 2.3
trillion naira subsidy, our government could have 'tarmacadamised' the road from
Ajegunle to Jalingo, etc.

Another one said, if not for the 2.3 trillion naira spent on subsidy, Nigerians
would now be enjoying 28 hours of electricity per day, from the 6 million
kilowatts generated from the 10 megawatti stations that would have been
built.... Two points come clear from these advertisements. It is either somebody
is trying to fool us, or the secret of how much we really need to develop this
country has been inadvertently released to us. May the Lord protect our subsidy
from looters. Say Amen, somebody!"

Save the Naira, Save Nigerians!

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           December 17, 1999, Friday,

Group says tax breaks not paying off in jobs

BYLINE: EDWARD D. MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 961 words


Mainers aren't getting their money's worth from tax breaks and other business
subsidies designed to spur economic development, according to a local research
group.

The non-profit Maine Citizen Leadership Fund said its study of the subsidies
found that some of the companies receiving the biggest breaks have actually cut
workers.

And even in cases where jobs were created, the fund said, the cost was high: for
instance, about $ 135,123 per job for 73 additional jobs last year at the new
National Semiconductor plant in South Portland.

"It does raise serious questions about the cost-effectiveness of the programs,"
said Arn Pearson, the public policy director of the MCLF. "We're using these
numbers to raise red flags." According to the study, based on disclosure forms
submitted by companies to the state, Maine taxpayers spent $ 40 million on
corporate subsidies last year under programs that return tax payments to
companies or help them train workers -- either by paying for that training
directly or by offering tax credits. The companies receiving subsidies created
941 net jobs in 1998, which works out to about $ 40,000 in subsidies per job,
according to the report.

Steve Levesque, the commissioner of the Department of Economic and Community
Development, said he is "skeptical of anything that they (the fund) would come
up with," and said his department could not comment on the report because it had
not yet received a copy.

"We know that the (subsidy) programs provide substantial benefits," he said.
"Obviously, they have an agenda here that we don't agree with."

The two largest subsidies are from the Business Equipment Tax Reimbursement
(BETR) program, which returns property taxes on new equipment to companies, and
tax increment financing plans. TIFs are generally used to help companies finance
expansions by redirecting increases in property taxes back to the company.
Together, the two programs cost taxpayers $ 33.2 million last year.

The report concluded that companies receiving subsidies posted job increases of
2.1 percent last year -- lower than the overall job growth of 2.7 percent in
Maine.

"All of this is going on in a hot economy," said Marc Breslow, an economist with
the Commonwealth Institute of Massachusetts and author of the report. "If these
programs were functioning efficiently, you would think that these companies
getting subsidies would show greater job growth . . . (but) they're actually
lagging the state average."

Pearson also said he would like to see the state make changes in the subsidy
programs, possibly shifting some of the money out of tax programs and into
training programs that the report suggests help create jobs at a lower cost.

"At this point, we're not saying the (subsidy) programs should be abolished, but
we think there are serious questions about their effectiveness," he said.

Pearson noted several bills are expected to be introduced in the Legislature
next year that could limit the subsidies or require companies to promise to
create a certain number of jobs in return for a subsidy. If the companies fail
to live up to the commitment, the state could demand reimbursement.

"There should be standards attached to the subsidies, and some of those
standards already exist in other Maine programs and in other states," Breslow
said. "You could require that they demonstrate the need for the subsidies."
Pearson said the report could be used to support changes in the law, but it was
also important to quantify the results of the subsidies. Information on the
subsidies and jobs was not available before the state passed a law requiring
companies to file disclosure forms. "Up until this year, taxpayers haven't known
how much of their money they're spending on these programs, and what they're
getting back for them," he said. Calls to Gov. Angus King, who made the BETR tax
reimbursement program one of his key economic development tools, were not
returned Thursday. National Semiconductor also did not return calls seeking
comment on the report, which singled out the South Portland plant as getting the
most money per job created.

Pearson said the MCLF is a non-profit group that does research and public
education on corporate accountability and campaign finance reform. The study
released Thursday was financed by a grant from the Ford Foundation.

Frank Giarrantani, an economics professor at the University of Pittsburgh, said
the report may not accurately reflect the economic impact of the subsidies.

For instance, he noted that plant relocations or expansions usually lead to
increased orders to companies that supply the plant with materials. That could
lead to additional jobs at those companies, but the report didn't take that into
account.

And, he said, "there are certain benefits that are tangible and likely and other
benefits that require a leap of faith, or hope."

For example, Pittsburgh recently agreed to build new football and baseball
stadiums to keep two teams in the city. While the city may never recoup in jobs
or ticket sales the $ 500 million the stadiums will cost, retaining the teams
maintains Pittsburgh's status as a "major league city," and that in itself can
attract new business, Giarrantani said.

"You can only consider the impact by going to the hope side" of the equation, he
said.

Business expansions helped by subsidies in Maine may attract other companies, a
benefit that can't be measured in a study that looks only at jobs created by the
companies receiving the benefits, Giarrantani said.

"In general, the greater the cost per job (of subsidies), the more you have to
rely on that hope," he said.

Staff Writer Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at:

emurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;

Staff art Source: Maine Citizen Leadership Fund/Commonwealt;

 Institute COMPANY SUBSIDIES Here are the 10 companies that received the most in
local and state subsidies in 1998 and the number of jobs they created or cut in
that year:;

 Company Subsidy Jobs gained Amount of subsidy or lost per job;

 1. National Semiconductor $ 9,864,000 73 $ 135,123;

 2. Fairchild Semiconductor $ 1,850,000 -326 NA;

 3. International Paper $ 1,522,826 -26 NA;

 4.GE Power Systems $ 1,413,170 -2 NA;

 5. Fraser Papers $ 1,060,000 -27 NA 6. Tambrands $ 876,000 113 $ 7,752;

 7. Georgia Pacific $ 859,082 -26 NA;

 8. Bath Iron Works $ 842,599 174 $ 4,482 9. L.L. Bean $ 838,067 78 $ 10,744;

 10. Mead $ 757, 545 -95 NA

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 1999 The Regents of the University of
                                   California
                             U.C. Davis Law Review

                                  Winter, 1999

                           32 U.C. Davis L. Rev. 485

LENGTH: 10891 words

NOTE: Subsidies and Privatization: Protectionism's Integral Role in United
States Trade Law

NAME: David Rushford

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  In its support of free trade, the United States has encouraged this trend
towards privatization. ...  Finally, the amendments erect significant obstacles
to free trade. ...  The congressional amendments to CVD law will un doubtedly
inhibit the free trade movement in Latin America. ...  The Amendments Erect
Significant Obstacles to Free Trade ...  First, free trade provides producers
with access to a large global market. ...  Finally, free trade creates
incentives for investment, which fosters additional economic growth. ...
Accordingly, supporting free trade is in the United States's best interests. By
contrast, the United States suppresses free trade with its current CVD laws. ...
At least rhetorically, the United States has been a proponent of free trade. ...
By penalizing privatization, the U.S. government has imposed an unnecessary
obstacle along the road toward free trade. ...

TEXT:
 [*486]

    Introduction

    The fall of the Soviet Union in 1991 capped the demise of communism in
Eastern Europe, which began with the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989.  n1 As
part of the subsequent transition to capitalism, Eastern European governments
have begun selling government-owned firms to private parties.  n2 Similarly,
governments in Latin America have privatized a significant number of government
enterprises.  n3 In its support of free trade, the United States has encouraged
this trend towards privatization.  n4

    Prior to being sold, many of these firms had received government subsidies
to increase their ability to compete in the world marketplace.  n5 To offset
these subsidies' anticompetitive effects on  [*487]  domestic firms, the United
States Department of Commerce ("Commerce") imposes countervailing duties
("CVDs"),  n6 or taxes, on imports from these foreign firms.  n7 Following a
privatization, governments usually terminate the subsidy.  n8 Unfortunately,
recent developments in U.S. CVD law have cast doubt on the U.S. commitment to
promote privatization and free trade.  n9

    In 1994, Commerce determined that CVDs may be imposed on the products of
newly privatized firms that had previously received government subsidies.  n10 A
newly privatized German steel manufac  [*488]  turer, Saarstahl AG, appealed
Commerce's determination to the United States Court of International Trade
("CIT").  n11 The CIT held that selling a government-owned business to a private
party at fair market value extinguished all prior subsidies.  n12 Congress
disagreed.

    In legislation purporting to implement agreements reached by the worlds
trading partners during the Uruguay Round  n13 of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade ("GATT"),  n14 Congress amended U.S. CVD law. The amendments
permit Commerce to impose CVDs on imports from newly privatized companies
despite an arm's length sale. By permitting Commerce to countervail imports from
newly privatized firms, Congress has overcompensated U.S. industry and has
ultimately discouraged privatization efforts throughout the world.  n15 Although
the amendments did not take  [*489]  effect until after the German government
sold Saarstahl, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in
Saarstahl AG v. United States  n16 followed Congress's lead and reversed the
CIT's holding.  n17 The court held that Commerce had reached a reasonable
conclusion, and reinstated Commerce's determination that CVDs may be imposed on
newly privatized firms.  n18

    This Note argues that the congressional amendments and the Federal Circuit's
ruling run contrary to traditional U.S. CVD law, its legislative purpose, and
the economic foundations for imposing CVDs. Part I defines a subsidy and
discusses the original purpose of U.S. CVD law. Furthermore, Part I describes
Commerce's methodology for determining whether subsidies run through to a
private successor company. Part II discusses the Federal Circuit's holding in
Saarstahl. Part III discusses the congressional amendments to U.S. CVD law.
Finally, Part IV critically analyzes the Federal Circuit's Saarstahl opinion and
the congressional CVD amendments.

    I. The Law

    A. Definition of a Subsidy

    A subsidy is a financial benefit an industry or firm receives from its
government.  n19 It is the financial equivalent of a negative  [*490]  tax.  n20
The recipient simply adds to its revenue the amount of the subsidy.  n21 The
total revenue of the recipient, therefore, is the revenue generated from sales
to customers plus the subsidy.  n22 By increasing total revenue, the subsidy
distorts the market by permitting the recipient to compete with more efficient
foreign producers.  n23 The increased competitiveness of subsidized foreign
firms  [*491]  attracted the attention of Congress, which became concerned about
the impact of subsidies on U.S. industry.  n24

    B. U.S. Countervailing Duty Law

    Congress, recognizing that subsidies give foreign products a competitive
advantage, passed the first CVD law in 1897.  n25 Congress enacted CVD laws to
offset the impact of this advantage and, thus, to protect domestic industry.
n26 The Tariff Act of 1930, as amended, currently governs U.S. CVD law.  n27
Under the statutory  [*492]  scheme, the executive branch administers CVD law.
n28

    The administration of U.S. CVD law is a multiagency, multistep process. The
first step requires a U.S. industry that competes with an imported product to
file a petition with Commerce.  n29 Commerce's assessment of the petition
involves two inquiries. Initially, the International Trade Administration
("ITA"), an agency within Commerce, determines whether a foreign government has
granted a subsidy to the foreign producer.  n30 If ITA determines that a subsidy
has been granted, a separate government agency, the International Trade
Commission ("ITC"), determines whether the subsidized imports have injured or
threaten to injure the U.S. industry.  n31 Commerce may impose CVDs only if the
ITA finds that a government has bestowed a subsidy and the ITC determines that
the recipient's imports have injured or threaten to injure U.S. industry.  n32
The appropriate CVD equals the amount of the foreign govern  [*493]  ment's
subsidy.  n33 In this way, the CVD effectively eliminates the subsidy.

    C. Applying U.S. CVD Law to Privatized Foreign Entities

    In light of the growing international privatization trend, several U.S.
industries have submitted petitions to Commerce requesting the assessment of
CVDs on imports from newly privatized foreign firms.  n34 Initially, Commerce
had much difficulty determining whether the imports of newly privatized firms
were countervailable because of prior subsidies.  n35 This question first came
before Commerce in 1989 in Lime from Mexico,  n36 a dispute involving the
Mexican government's privatization of a lime producer.  n37 In Lime from Mexico,
the Mexican government sold Sonocal, the lime producer, to Bomintzha, a private
corporation.  n38 The Mexican government subsidized Sonocal before the sale to
Bomintzha, but ended its subsidization after the sale.  n39

    Commerce concluded that the Mexican subsidies did not pass from Sonocal to
Bomintzha after the sale. Commerce reasoned as follows. The sale of Sonocal to
Bomintzha was an arm's length transaction.  n40 An arm's length transaction is
one negotiated between independent parties acting for their own self-interest
culminating in a purchase at fair market value.  n41 Thus, the purchase price
accurately reflected Sonocal's fair market value.  n42 Commerce  [*494]
concluded that an arm's length transaction extinguished past subsidies because
the purchase price included that portion of Sonocal's fair market value
attributable to past subsidies.  n43

    This issue arose again in 1991 when Commerce imposed CVDs on Swedish steel
products in Certain Carbon Steel Products from Sweden ("Steel from Sweden").
n44 In this case, the Swedish government sold part of its interest in SSAB, a
steel producer, at its fair market value.  n45 As with Sonocal, SSAB received no
subsidies after the sale.  n46 The petitioners, U.S. steel manufacturers, argued
that the stock transfer simply represented a change of ownership and, thus, did
not extinguish the effect of previously bestowed subsidies.  n47 Commerce agreed
with the U.S. steel manufacturers and imposed CVDs on SSAB's steel imports,
apparently reversing its earlier Lime from Mexico determination.  n48

    In 1993, Commerce again considered the same issue in Certain Steel Products
from Brazil, a consolidated petition brought by U.S. steel manufacturers against
several foreign steel producers.  n49 The U.S. steel industry requested that
Commerce impose CVDs on imports from the newly privatized foreign companies. The
foreign firms maintained that the arm's length privatizations extinguished the
prior subsidies.  n50 The U.S. steel industry argued that the privatizations
were merely a transfer of ownership and did not extinguish the benefits
conferred through past subsidies.  n51 Commerce agreed with the U.S. steel
industry and concluded that the subsidies passed through to the successor
entity.  n52 Accordingly, Com  [*495]  merce announced that only a repayment of
the subsidy, in full, by the privatized firm to the government would extinguish
the countervailable subsidy.  n53 This decision directly contravened Commerce's
earlier determination in Lime from Mexico.  n54

    These conflicting methodologies led Commerce to revise its approach in 1993,
when it investigated Austrian steel products in Certain Steel Products from
Austria ("Steel from Austria ").  n55 Commerce set forth a new methodology in a
General Issues Appendix which combined the determinations of Lime from Mexico
and Steel from Sweden.  n56 Commerce then applied this new approach to Steel
from Austria.  n57 Commerce concluded that the purchase price of a privatized
government entity, arm's length or not, could extinguish some portion of the
subsidy.  n58 Commerce added, however, that an arm's length transaction would
not necessarily extinguish the subsidy's entire value.  n59 Commerce supported
this conclusion by asserting, without explaining, that private purchasers
sometimes do not take into account all relevant factors, such as subsidies, when
determining price.  n60 Commerce's General Issues Appendix represents a
compromise between the opposing determinations of Lime from Mexico and Steel
from Sweden.  n61 With its General Issues Appendix in place, Commerce then
applied it to several privatizations, includ  [*496]  ing that of a newly
privatized German steel manufacturer, Saarstahl AG.  n62

    II. Saarstahl AG v. United States

    Commerce determined that Saarstahl's subsidies were not extinguished in the
privatization and its imports were, therefore, countervailable.  n63 Saarstahl
appealed Commerce's determination to the CIT. The CIT rejected Commerce's
methodology, holding that if Commerce finds that the purchase price equals fair
market value, then Commerce must necessarily conclude that the transaction
extinguishes all prior subsidies.  n64 Soon thereafter, Congress amended U.S.
CVD law to permit Commerce to apply its General Issues Appendix to privatized
firms.  n65 Subsequently, upon Commerce's appeal, the Federal Circuit followed
Congress's lead, deferred to Commerce's reasoning, and sanctioned its use of the
General Issues Appendix.  n66

    A. The Facts

    The Luxembourg government owned Arbed Luxembourg ("Arbed"), the parent
company of Saarstahl Volklingen GmbH ("Saarstahl SVK"), a steel manufacturer.
n67 Saarstahl SVK received subsidies from the West German federal government and
from the Saarland state government from 1978 to 1985.  n68 In 1986, Arbed sold
[*497]  seventy-six percent of its ownership in Saarstahl SVK to the Saarland
state government.  n69 In 1989, Usinor-Sacilor ("Usinor"), a private French
company, purchased Saarstahl SVK from both Arbed and the Saarland state
government in an arm's length transaction and renamed it Saarstahl AG.  n70 The
governments forgave their loans to Saarstahl and assumed a portion of
Saarstahl's private loans.  n71 The German government terminated its subsidy
programs for Saarstahl after the privatization.  n72

    B. Saarstahl Procedure

    Two U.S. manufacturers, Inland Steel and Bethlehem Steel, filed a petition
with Commerce in 1993 requesting that Commerce impose CVDs on imports from
Saarstahl AG.  n73 Commerce first determined that the benefits of the debt
forgiveness plan between Usinor, the German government, and the Saarland state
government constituted a countervailable subsidy to Saarstahl SVK.  n74 Commerce
treated the forgiveness plan as an outright cash grant aimed at supporting the
firm which was inconsistent with free market behavior.  n75 After finding that
the debt-forgiveness plan constituted a subsidy to Saarstahl SVK, Commerce
applied its General Issues Appendix and determined that the benefit of the
subsidy passed through to Saarstahl AG after the sale to Usinor and imposed CVDs
on Saarstahl's imports.  n76 Saarstahl appealed this determination to the CIT.
n77

    The CIT held that Commerce's determination was unlawful to the extent that
it did not extinguish all past subsidies in an arm's  [*498]  length
transaction.  n78 The CIT explained that if the purchase price of a government
entity equals the fair market value, then the buyer and seller necessarily
negotiated with their respective self-interests in mind.  n79 The CIT concluded
that it was unreasonable for Commerce to determine that an independent party
attempting to sell a firm and negotiating in its own self-interest would accept
less than what the company was actually worth.  n80 Moreover, the purchasing
company negotiated based on what it believed was the fair market value for the
entity.  n81 This value included the benefit of any previously bestowed
subsidies.  n82 Therefore, the CIT determined that these subsidies neither
passed through to the privatized company nor provided it with any competitive
advantage, thus rendering Saarstahl's imports uncountervailable.  n83

    An additional basis for the court's decision was its belief that Commerce's
methodology would adversely affect international privatizations.  n84 The court
noted that potential purchasers of these companies could no longer rely solely
on free market considerations.  n85 Rather, purchasers would have to consider
whether the firm had received any subsidies and whether Commerce might find them
actionable, thereby considerably increasing the risks associated with purchasing
a company.  n86 Such risks, the court reasoned, would have an immeasurable
effect on international commerce.  n87  [*499]  Dissatisfied with the CIT's
decision, Commerce appealed to the Federal Circuit.

    TP C. The Federal Circuit's Decision

    The Federal Circuit examined the plain meaning of U.S. CVD law and concluded
that the legislative scheme does not restrict CVDs to those subsidies that
confer some benefit.  n88 Similarly, the court found no such intent in the
scheme's legislative history.  n89 Rather, the legislative history indicated
that Commerce should impose CVDs following a simple conclusion that a government
has provided a subsidy.  n90 The CIT erred, the court reasoned, because it
assumed that the purchase price of a government entity bargained for at arm's
length necessarily extinguishes previously bestowed subsidies.  n91 The court
explained that the facts of each case indicate whether the purchase price
included payment for past subsidies.  n92 Thus, the court concluded that
Commerce's determination that the private purchaser repaid only a portion of the
subsidies in the transaction was perfectly reasonable, conforming with the
congressional amendments to CVD law.  n93

    III. The Congressional CVD Amendments

    In 1994, Congress enacted the Uruguay Round Agreements Act ("URAA") to
implement U.S. obligations under the Uruguay Round of GATT.  n94 As a result,
U.S. CVD law now defines a subsidy  [*500]  as a financial contribution, income
or price support from a government body, or any other payment from the
government that confers some competitive advantage upon the recipient.  n95

    Although the amendments appear innocuous, the URAA significantly reduces the
burden Commerce must meet to find an actionable subsidy. The amendments reduce
this burden in two ways. First, Commerce can now presume that a subsidy confers
a benefit.  n96 Second, even for an arm's length privatization, Commerce is not
required to find that the sale eliminates a previously countervailable subsidy.
n97 Thus, Congress rejected the CIT's conclusion that an arm's length
transaction necessarily extinguishes all previously bestowed subsidies.  n98

    In an era where amendments to trade regulations should conform with free
trade principles and international obligations, Congress chose a different path.
n99 This path runs contrary to economic  [*501]  theory, case law, and the
legislative intent of earlier CVD provisions.

    IV. Analysis of Saarstahl and the Congressional Amendments

    This Part argues that the Federal Circuit's reversal in Saarstahl and the
congressional amendments to U.S. CVD law represent poor policy choices. The
amendments are wholly contrary to the underlying purpose of CVD law.  n100 The
legislative history of early CVD statutes as well as traditional economic theory
dictate that subsidies must confer some benefit to be countervailable.  n101
Congress frustrates this purpose by removing the benefit inquiry from the vast
majority of CVD investigations.  n102

    Furthermore, Congress's amendments may actually discourage foreign
governments from selling their interests in the private sector. Much of this
activity is now occurring in the former Soviet bloc and in Latin America, two
regions that traditionally have had centrally planned economies.  n103 The
transition from centrally planned to capitalist economies ensures freer trade by
reducing government intervention in the marketplace.  n104 Congress needs to
encourage this transition to allow the United States to benefit from unimpeded
international trade.  n105 To facilitate this increase in free trade, privatized
firms should have the opportunity to sell their products in the United States
without undue burdens.  n106  [*502]

    A. Saarstahl and the Amendments Defy the Purpose of U.S. CVD Law

    The purpose of United States CVD law is to offset the anticompetitive
benefit a subsidy confers upon the foreign competitors of U.S. industries.
Saarstahl and the congressional amendments run contrary to this underlying
purpose for several reasons. Traditionally, U.S. CVD law has always required
that a subsidy confer some benefit upon the recipient to be countervailable.
n107 Also, international trade law requires the United States to impose CVDs
only when a benefit has accrued to the recipient firm.  n108 Moreover, economic
theory dictates that the United States should only countervail those subsidies
that confer some benefit to the recipient.  n109 As the CIT persuasively
explained in Saarstahl, an arm's length transaction extinguishes any benefits a
previous subsidy may have conferred because the purchase price incorporates the
present value of prior subsidies.  n110 It follows, therefore, that after an
arm's length privatization, Commerce has nothing to offset and should not impose
CVDs.

    1. Prior U.S. CVD Laws Required a Benefit for a Subsidy to be
Countervailable

    The new amendments contravene the purpose of CVD law because the amendments
dispense with the requirement that subsidies confer some benefit. Prior to the
new amendments, CVD law permitted Commerce to countervail only those subsidies
that bestowed a competitive benefit upon a firm.  n111 This scheme was consonant
with the purpose of the earliest CVD laws.  n112 Congress originally passed CVD
laws to offset the competitive advantage a foreign firm enjoyed when it received
a subsidy from its gover  [*503]  nment.  n113 Congress believed that foreign
subsidies should not impair the natural advantage of U.S. firms.  n114 This
implies that if a subsidy does not achieve such results, Commerce need not
countervail that action.  n115

    The Supreme Court endorsed this view in 1978 in Zenith Radio Corp. v. United
States, holding that a countervailable subsidy must confer some benefit.  n116
The Zenith Court reasoned that this re  [*504]  quirement exists because CVDs
were intended to counteract the competitive advantage a foreign firm would enjoy
from government subsidies.  n117 Similarly, in 1986, the Federal Circuit in
Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States required Commerce to find that a subsidy
provides a benefit before it can impose CVDs.  n118 By ruling to the contrary,
the majority in Saarstahl neglected both Supreme Court and Federal Circuit
precedent.  n119

    2. Current International Laws Require a Benefit for a Subsidy to be
Countervailable

    The international legal community has also embraced the requirement that a
government may impose CVDs on subsidized imports only if the subsidy confers a
benefit.  n120 The 1994 GATT Subsidies Agreement ("Subsidies Agreement")
definition of a subsidy requires that some benefit accrue to the recipient.
n121 By not requiring a benefit, the U.S. amendments are contrary to U.S.
obligations under this agreement.

    Congress claims that its amendments are consistent with the obligations of
the Subsidies Agreement.  n122 However, the language of the URAA amendments
permits Commerce, once it finds a government subsidy, to "normally" treat the
practice as conferring a  [*505]  benefit.  n123 This shifts the burden to the
firm under investigation to demonstrate that no benefit has accrued.  n124
Because Congress now permits Commerce to presume that a benefit has accrued to
the foreign firm, Commerce may apply its methodology to imports from newly
privatized firms purchased at arm's length.  n125 In effect, Congress has
considerably lowered the threshold Commerce uses to determine whether to impose
CVDs by permitting it to countervail a government practice without determining
the effect of that practice.  n126 By lowering this threshold, Commerce may
impose CVDs on imports from foreign firms that have not benefited from any
subsidies. The Subsidies Agreement explicitly prohibits imposing CVDs when no
benefit accrues to the foreign firm.  n127

    3. Economic Theory Shows that U.S. CVD Laws Unjustly Subsidize U.S.
Industries

    Economic theory also contradicts the Federal Circuit's decision and the
congressional amendments. Economists consider the granting of subsidies to be
market-distorting conduct that unfairly benefits the recipient firm.  n128 A
subsidy allows a firm to reduce its production costs or sell its product below
fair market value.  n129 However, the benefit fully disappears when the firm is
privatized and no longer receives any subsidies.  n130

    Under the following reasoning, an arm's length transaction extinguishes the
benefit of all prior subsidies. When negotiating a purchase price, the buyer has
estimated what it believes is the fair market value of the government company.
n131 The buyer considers all relevant factors when assessing the value of the
company.  n132 A  [*506]  subsidy is one such factor. By reducing the costs of
production of the government company, a subsidy boosts the overall value of that
company.  n133 A buyer will raise the purchase price to reflect the subsidy's
contribution to value.  n134 Therefore, the purchase price reimburses the
government for the increase in the value of the company attributable to the
subsidy.  n135 Because the privatized firm ceases to benefit from previous
subsidies, applying CVDs in such a setting unduly punishes the privatized firm
for benefits it no longer receives.

    Commerce should presume that a subsidy confers a benefit on a recipient firm
only when a foreign government provides the firm with a direct subsidy.  n136
This presumption is harder to justify when applying CVDs to newly privatized
firms that no longer receive subsidies.  n137 When a subsidy no longer confers a
benefit, U.S. industry incurs no further injury and Commerce has no reason to
compensate. A CVD in this factual setting would contravene the economic
justification for U.S. CVD law.

    Imposing CVDs where there is nothing to countervail is equivalent to
conferring a benefit on domestic industries. A subsidy, by its very nature,
provides its recipient with a competitive advantage.  n138 By assessing
countervailing duties on a foreign firm that receives no such advantage,
Commerce essentially confers a benefit on the U.S. industry that competes with
the foreign firm. Commerce thereby provides the U.S. industry with an advantage
it otherwise would not enjoy.  n139 Thus, when Commerce assesses a  [*507]  duty
on such a foreign firm, it grants a de facto subsidy to American industry.

    Furthermore, by imposing CVDs on imports from privatized firms, Commerce
encourages consumers to purchase the products of less efficient domestic
producers, thereby shifting consumption away from the more competitive foreign
products.  n140 CVDs applied to imports from firms sold in arm's length
transactions, in which prior benefits from subsidies no longer exist,
overcompensate U.S. firms.  n141 Therefore, the amendments run contrary to the
purpose of CVD law and permit Commerce to engage in the same type of
protectionist conduct that U.S. CVD law seeks to discourage.  n142

    B. Policy Ramifications of the Amendments

    In addition to defying the purpose and economic justification for CVD laws,
the congressional amendments to U.S. CVD law are also contrary to several
salient U.S. trade policy interests. Although the United States encourages the
transition to capitalism in Eastern Europe and Latin America, the congressional
amendments to CVD law provide significant disincentives to privatization, a key
aspect of this transition.  n143 Additionally, the amendments impede economic
development. Finally, the amendments erect significant obstacles to free trade.
n144

    1. The Amendments Discourage Privatization as a Means for Making a
Transition to Market Economies

    Privatization has proven beneficial to those governments attempting to make
the transition from socialist to market oriented economies. In fact,
privatization programs are the most common  [*508]  and efficient way for
governments to make the transition from centrally planned economies to
capitalism.  n145 Poland, for example, has had a privatization program since
1990.  n146 This privatization program led to increased sales to Western
countries.  n147 Ukraine has also enacted a broad economic reform plan utilizing
privatizations.  n148

    Governments of less developed countries are also implementing privatization
programs. Recognizing the failure of central planning, these countries are
attempting to make the transition to free market economies.  n149 The Mexican
government began privatizing its firms in the mid-1980s.  n150 As a result of
these efforts, the number of government-owned enterprises has declined
dramatically.  n151

    The congressional amendments to U.S. CVD law, which ultimately punish newly
privatized firms, unnecessarily impede transition efforts.  n152 Similarly, the
amendments oppose U.S. policies designed to encourage developing countries to
adopt free market principles.  n153 The congressional amendments to CVD law will
un  [*509]  doubtedly inhibit the free trade movement in Latin America. Private
companies in Latin America, concerned about the imposition of CVDs on their
products, will be less likely to purchase government-owned (and previously
subsidized) firms.

    The congressional amendments to CVD law will also impose an obstacle to
economic development. Most countries, including the United States, view
privatization as an important part of economic development.  n154 Imposing CVDs
will hamper the efforts of newly privatized enterprises to sell their products
to the United States, the largest consumer economy in the world.  n155 The
amendments, thus, will stifle the success of privatization programs.  n156 By
leaving the impression that newly privatized firms will face obstacles when
competing in the United States, the congressional amendments discourage economic
development.  n157

    2. The Amendments Erect Significant Obstacles to Free Trade

    Government intervention based on noneconomic policies, common in centrally
planned economies, unnecessarily impedes free trade.  n158 By encouraging
privatization, thereby decreasing government interference in the marketplace,
Congress can promote freer trade.  n159 Free international trade boosts the
welfare of all participants, including the United States, for several reasons.
n160 First, free trade provides producers with access to a large global market.
n161 Second, free trade forces inefficient producers out of the market, allowing
the remaining producers to sell higher quality products at lower prices.  n162
Finally, free trade creates incentives for investment, which fosters additional
economic growth.  n163 All coun  [*510]  tries benefit from the free market flow
of goods and services.  n164 Accordingly, supporting free trade is in the United
States's best interests. By contrast, the United States suppresses free trade
with its current CVD laws.

    At least rhetorically, the United States has been a proponent of free trade.
n165 But here, the United States has enacted protectionist legislation under the
guise of implementing U.S. obligations under the Uruguay Round of GATT. By
pressuring its trading partners to open their markets while simultaneously
imposing CVDs on newly privatized firms, the United States has acted
hypocritically.  n166 By penalizing privatization, the U.S. government has
imposed an unnecessary obstacle along the road toward free trade.  n167  [*511]

    Conclusion

    The Federal Circuit's decision in Saarstahl and the congressional amendments
to countervailing duty law undercut the very purpose of U.S. CVD law.  n168
Traditional CVD law has always required that a subsidy confer some benefit upon
the recipient firm before that firm's imports become countervailable. In an
arm's length sale of a government-owned firm, the purchase price accounts for
prior subsidies and the benefit is extinguished. Because the benefit does not
accrue to the newly privatized firm, imposing CVDs overcompensates U.S.
industry.

    The amendments to U.S. CVD law, which purport to implement U.S. obligations
under the WTO, embrace a Commerce methodology the CIT correctly discredited as
unreasonable. The amendments are economically irrational and ultimately promote
U.S. industry to the detriment of legitimately competitive foreign producers.
Moreover, Congress must encourage privatization to further U.S. trade policy
interests. Free market theory dominates this age.  n169 Developing countries
around the world are striving to subscribe to free trade principles and develop
market economies.  n170 The United States must not allow its CVD law to
undermine the free trade movement and discourage the development it ostensibly
champions.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
International Trade LawImports & ExportsCountervailing
DutiesSubsidiesInternational Trade LawImports & ExportsCountervailing DutiesU.S.
Department of CommerceInternational Trade LawTrade AgreementsIntellectual
Property Provisions

FOOTNOTES:




n1  See Hedrick Smith, The New Russians 652 (1991); Serge Schmemann, The Border
is Open; Joyous East Germans Pour Through Wall; Party Pledges Freedom and City
Exaults, in The Collapse of Communism 175, 175-80 (Bernard Gwertzman & Michael
T. Kaufman eds., 1990) (discussing fall of Berlin Wall in November 1989); Craig
R. Whitney, Redefining Europe: As the Revelry Goes on Politicians Ponder the
Ramifications of Changes in Germany, in The Collapse of Communism 180, 181
(1990) (discussing potential consequences of reform movements in East Germany).




n2  See Danny E. Reed, Creating Competitive Market Economies in Poland and
Hungary, 48 Admin. L. Rev. 515, 515-17 (1996) (discussing prominence of
privatization as method of converting economies of Central and Eastern Europe to
free market economies); Robert L. Harris, Note, Goin' Down the Road Feeling Bad:
U.S. Trade Laws' Discriminatory Treatment of the East European Economies in
Transition to Capitalism, 31 Colum. J. Transnat'l L. 403, 403 (1993) (noting
trend among East-Central European governments to privatize state-owned
operations in order to establish market economies). See generally Pierre
Guislain, Divestiture of State Enterprises: An Overview of the Legal Framework
(World Bank Technical Paper No. 186, 1992) (providing overview of legal issues
raised by privatization).




n3  See Werner Baer & Melissa Birch, Privatization and the Changing Role of the
State in Latin America, 25 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 1, 1-2, 14 -16 (1992)
(tracing movement of privatization through Latin America and methods of
privatization process used in region); Mary M. Shirley, Privatization and
Performance, 17 Hastings Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 669, 671-73 (1994) (discussing
privatization in developing countries); Ricardo Hausmann, Latin America Reaping
Rewards of Privatization, Houston Chron., Dec. 17, 1996, at 23A (discussing
privatization of oil, gas, and electricity sectors in Latin America); see also
Matthew S.R. Palmer, Privatization in Ukraine: Economics, Law, and Politics, 16
Yale J. Int'l L. 453, 473-92 (1991) (discussing international movement toward
private economies and describing privatization efforts in Ukraine, New Zealand,
United Kingdom, Canada, Chile, and Poland); Wendy Cooper & Harvey D. Shapiro,
The Privatization of Privatization, Institutional Investor, Oct. 1991, at 87
(int'l ed.) (providing status report on privatizations worldwide). See generally
Privatization of Public Enterprises in Latin America (William Glade ed., 1991)
(describing privatization process in individual Latin American countries). Free
market countries such as France and Singapore have also begun privatizing
government-owned firms. See David S. da Silva Cornell, Maybe You Can Take It
with You, After All: Subsidies and Privatization Under U.S. Countervailing Duty
Law, 25 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus. 1309, 1309 (1994).




n4  See Cornell, supra note 3, at 1322; see also E. Kwaku Andoh, Note,
Countervailing Duties in a Not Quite Perfect World: An Economic Analysis, 44
Stan. L. Rev. 1515, 1515 (1992) (describing United States as greatest supporter
of free trade in post-World War II period).




n5  See Pamela L. Polevoy, Note, Privatization in Vietnam: The Next Step in
Vietnam's Transition from a Nonmarket to a Market Economy, 23 Brook. J. Int'l L.
887, 892-94 (1998) (discussing "Big Bang" theory of privatization). The Big Bang
theory, the most complete and widely used of the privatization methods, has
several components, including terminating public subsidies. See id.




n6  See Zenith Radio Corp. v. United States, 437 U.S. 443, 455-57 (1978)
(concluding that purpose of CVD law is to offset "unfair competitive advantage"
conferred upon foreign firms by subsidies); Andoh, supra note 4, at 1522
(concluding that Congress intended to provide U.S. firms with protection from
adverse impact of subsidized foreign competition).




n7  See 19 U.S.C. § 1671(a) (1994) (authorizing imposition of duty equal to
amount of subsidy received by foreign producer); Andoh, supra note 4, at 1516
(defining CVDs).




n8  See Polevoy, supra note 5, at 892-93 (commenting that under popular Big Bang
theory, government subsidies typically terminate upon privatization); see also
infra notes 165-67 and accompanying text (arguing that United States acts
hypocritically when it enacts CVD law that discourages transition to capitalist
economies).




n9  See David A. Codevilla, Comment, Discouraging the Practice of What We
Preach: Saarstahl I, Inland Steel and the Implementation of the Uruguay Round of
GATT 1994, 3 Geo. Mason Indep. L. Rev. 435, 463-70 (1995) (arguing that Uruguay
Round Agreements Act, Pub. L. No. 103 -465, 108 Stat. 4809, creates system of
disincentives for privatization and reverses trend toward privatization of
firms); see also Jeffery P. Bialos et al., Trading with Central and Eastern
Europe: The Application of the U.S. Unfair Trade Laws to Economies in
Transition, 7 Int'l L. Practicum 69, 69 (1994) (describing dilemma of United
States policy makers who seek to support economic reform in Eastern Europe and
to protect U.S. industries from unfair foreign competition); Harris, supra note
2, at 405 (chronicling technical changes in Tariff Act of 1930 that give newly
privatized sectors less favorable treatment than their state-controlled
counterparts). See generally, Robert Kuttner, Managed Trade and Economic
Sovereignty, in International Trade: The Changing Role of the United States 37
(Frank J. Macchiarola ed., 1990) (probing implications of decreased foreign
government control over markets on U.S. promoting ideal of liberal trade); David
M. McPherson, Note, Is the North American Free Trade Agreement Entitled to an
Economically Rational Countervailing Duty Scheme?, 73 B.U. L. Rev. 47, 64 -65
(1993) (discussing discontinuity between U.S. free trade ideology and
protectionist application of CVD system).




n10  See, e.g., Certain Steel Products from Austria, 58 Fed. Reg. 37,217 (Dep't
Commerce 1993) (final determination); Lime from Mexico, 54 Fed. Reg. 1753 (Dep't
Commerce 1989) (prelim. admin. review); Oil Country Tubular Goods from Canada,
51 Fed. Reg. 15,037 (Dep't Commerce 1986) (final determination). Privatization
has become increasingly popular and much of this privatization involves large
industrial sectors. See Cornell, supra note 3, at 1310. Commerce, thus, needed
to articulate an economically and legally rational methodology regarding the
application of CVDs to large industrial sectors. See id. Commerce appended a
General Issues Appendix to its final determination in Certain Steel Products
from Austria. The General Issues Appendix was designed to summarize Commerce's
position regarding the application of countervailing duties to privatized firms
that had previously received subsidies while under government ownership. See
General Issues Appendix, 58 Fed. Reg. 37,225-73 (Dep't Commerce 1993)
[hereinafter General Issues Appendix].

    Commerce reasoned that even though the new entity no longer received
subsidies, the transfer from public to private hands did not, per se, extinguish
prior subsidies. See Certain Steel Products from Austria, 58 Fed. Reg. at
37,263. Thus, Commerce concluded that the entity continued to receive a
competitive benefit from the subsidies. See id. at 37,217; see also British
Steel PLC v. United States, 879 F. Supp. 1254, 1264 -66 (Ct. Int'l Trade 1995)
(describing Commerce's General Issues Appendix as applied to privatized steel
companies); Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 191 (Ct. Int'l
Trade 1994) (discussing application of General Issues Appendix to German steel
manufacturer).




n11  See Saarstahl, 858 F. Supp. at 189-90 (describing Saarstahl's argument).




n12  See id. at 195 (holding unlawful Commerce's finding that previously
bestowed subsidies passed through to successor company sold in arm's length
transaction). Commerce contended that so long as a subsidy is not repaid, it
travels to each subsequent purchaser. See id. The CIT reasoned that if, as
Commerce believed, a transfer at fair market value did not necessarily
extinguish all prior subsidies, a free market transaction would cease to exist.
See id. at 194. The court concluded that a CVD policy based on this reasoning
would have a profound adverse impact on international commerce. See id.
(describing impact on international commercial business as "immeasurable"). The
CIT reached a similar conclusion when British Steel, a British steel
manufacturer, appealed a similar Commerce determination that the newly
privatized firm's imports were still countervailable. See British Steel PLC, 879
F. Supp. at 1272 (holding that if privatization of foreign government-owned
producer is effected through arm's length transaction for fair market value in
which subsidized corporate entity does not survive, Commerce's ability to
countervail that entity ceases to exist).




n13  See Final Act Embodying the Results of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral
Trade Negotiations, Apr. 15, 1994, Legal Instruments -- Results of the Uruguay
Round vol. 1 (1994), 33 I.L.M. 1125 (1994) [hereinafter Uruguay Round
Agreement].




n14  See Uruguay Round Agreements Act, Pub. L. No. 103 -465, § 251(a), 108 Stat.
4809, 4902 (1994) (codified at 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)-(5B) (1994)).




n15  See Mark D. Herlach & David A. Codevilla, Major Changes in U.S.
Countervailing Duty Law: A Guide to the Basics, 722 Prac. L. Inst., Com. L. &
Prac. Course Handbook Series 53, 58 (1995) (arguing that first substantial
change in U.S. countervailing law discourages privatization); Alan O. Sykes,
Countervailing Duty Law: An Economic Perspective, 89 Colum. L. Rev. 199, 203 -04
(1989) (discussing discouragement of trade distorting subsidies as justification
for U.S. countervailing duty law); Codevilla, supra note 9, at 435 (explaining
that purpose of trade laws is to discourage foreign governments from "trying to
provide some competitive advantage in relation to the products of another
country").




n16  78 F.3d 1539 (Fed. Cir. 1996).




n17  See id. at 1544 (holding that CIT abused its discretion and that it should
not have disturbed Commerce's reasonable determination). The Federal Circuit,
created by Congress in 1982, is a specialized court that hears appeals from the
Court of International Trade. See 28 U.S.C. § 1295(a)(5) (1994). Congress
established federal appellate courts in 1891, organizing them into several
circuits based on geography. See The Circuit Court of Appeals Act of 1891, ch.
517, 26 Stat. 826 (1891); see also 28 U.S.C. § 41 (1994) (describing current
structure of federal appellate courts). Each circuit has an appellate court (a
"circuit" court) that hears appeals from all federal district courts in that
circuit. See id. § 43 (1994). By contrast, the Federal Circuit's jurisdiction is
based on subject matter, not geography. See id. § 1295. Examples of the Federal
Circuit's jurisdiction include appeals from the United States Court of Federal
Claims, 28 U.S.C. § 1295(a)(3), appeals from the Board of Patent Appeals and
Interferences of the Patent and Trademark Office, 28 U.S.C. § 1295(a)(4)(A), and
appeals from the Merit Systems Protection Board, 28 U.S.C. § 1295(a)(9).




n18  See Saarstahl, 78 F.3d at 1544.




n19  See Robert J. Carbaugh, International Economics 112-13 (3d ed. 1989).
United States and international law define two categories of subsidies. See
Bialos, supra note 9, at 70 (analyzing subsidies based on two categories --
domestic subsidies and export subsidies); Sykes, supra note 15, at 203 -06
(comparing export subsidies with domestic subsidies). Export subsidies are
government grants offered to promote a firm's export competitiveness. See id.
They usually take the form of discounted export financing, direct cash payments
on the basis of export volume, or exchange rate controls. See id.

    A domestic subsidy is any financial benefit a firm or industry receives
regardless of export performance. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5) (1994). Under U.S.
law, it has two requirements. See id. § 1677(5)(A); Sykes, supra note 15, at
204. First, the government practice must target a specific industry or firm. See
19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(A). The specificity test properly excludes from this
definition many common governmental actions. See id. § 1677(5)(B) (listing
categories of noncountervailable subsidies). For example, national defense
programs are not considered subsidies. See Sykes, supra note 15, at 204. The
benefits of national defense programs are not limited to a particular industry
and, instead, accrue to a wide range of industries. See id. Thus, these benefits
do not qualify as subsidies. See id.

    Second, a domestic subsidy must confer some advantage to the recipient which
is otherwise unavailable in the marketplace. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(B); Sykes,
supra note 15, at 205. This latter requirement helps actualize the subsidy. See
id. For example, if a government provides a market rate loan, even if it is
highly specific to one industry, this action is not a subsidy. See 19 U.S.C. §
1677(5)(E)(ii); Sykes, supra note 15, at 205. Under the statute, only if the
government provides a loan at a lower interest rate than the market would
command is the practice considered a subsidy. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E)(ii);
Sykes, supra note 15, at 205 (discussing creation of subsidy by government loan
and valuing that subsidy as difference between actual interest rate and market
rate).

    Subsidies can take the form of "financial contributions," including a direct
cash payment independent of export volume, tax concessions, or low interest
loans. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(D) (providing requirements of domestic subsidies
); Carbaugh, supra, at 113-14 (providing examples of domestic subsidies). While
governments generally grant domestic subsidies to producers that must compete
with imports from abroad, these producers often also export. See id. at 112.

    A subsidies agreement among the contracting parties to the General Agreement
on Tariffs and Trade ("GATT") provides an illustrative list of export subsidies.
See Agreement on Interpretation and Application of Articles VI, XVI, and XXIII
of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, Apr. 12, 1979, 31 U.S.T. 513, 546
-47, GATT B.I.S.D. 26th Supp. 56, 80-82 (1980) (entered into force Jan. 1, 1980)
[hereinafter GATT Subsidies Code]. Later negotiations produced further subsidy
examples. Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15, 1994,
Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, Legal
Instruments -- Results of the Uruguay Round vol. 27; 33 I.L.M. 1125 (1994)
[hereinafter Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement]. The
subsidies listed in the Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures
Agreement include any government practice involving a direct transfer of funds,
government revenue otherwise owed that is not collected, and government
provision of goods and services other than general infrastructure. See id. art.
1.1(a)(1)(i)-(iii). U.S. CVD law includes in its definition of a subsidy any of
those government practices enumerated in the Uruguay Round Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures Agreement. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(B)(i)-(iii).




n20  See Carbaugh, supra note 19, at 112-13.




n21  See id. at 113.




n22  See id.




n23  See id.




n24  See Act of July 24, 1897, ch. 11, § 5, 30 Stat. 151, 205.




n25  See id. Congress originally targeted subsidized imported beet sugar. See 30
Cong. Rec. 2203 (1897) (remarks by Sen. Gray) (discussing Wilson Bill of 1894).
In 1897, Congress expanded the CVD bill to apply to all imported products. See
id. at 2202 (reprinting Senate Finance Committee bill); see also Sykes, supra
note 15, at 199 n.1 (discussing early use of CVD law). Among major trading
nations, only the United States has used countervailing duties extensively. See
id. at 202. The European Union and Japan virtually never use countervailing
duties. See id. at 202 n.18. Chile, however, has used CVD laws on a regular
basis. See id.; see also John Jackson & William Davey, Legal Problems of
International Economic Relations 727 (2d ed. 1986) (discussing use of CVD laws
in international community).




n26  See Bialos, supra note 9, at 70 (concluding that Congress adopted CVD law
to "offset any unfair competitive advantage" foreign producers receive from
their governments). For early statements by members of Congress during CVD
debates which echoed this sentiment, see 30 Cong. Rec. 1674 (1897) (remarks by
Sen. Allison), 30 Cong. Rec. 2205 (1897) (remarks by Sen. Caffery), and 30 Cong.
Rec. 2225 (1897) (remarks by Sen. Lindsay). The Supreme Court recognized
Congress's underlying intent to use countervailing duties to offset advantages
offered to foreign firms. See, e.g., Zenith Radio Corp. v. United States, 437
U.S. 443, 455-57 (1978) (holding that Congress intended CVDs as offset to
subsidies granted by foreign governments).

    The Federal Circuit agreed with the Supreme Court in 1986. See Georgetown
Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308, 1315 (Fed. Cir. 1986) (concluding
that Congress intended to protect American manufacturers from unfair advantage
that foreign governments conferred upon foreign firms with subsidies). The court
maintained that American firms competed effectively with foreign firms in the
absence of foreign government intervention. See id. For example, a foreign firm
would export to the United States only if it could earn a profit. See id. A
subsidy permits the foreign government to absorb some of the costs of competing
in United States. See id. Therefore, a subsidy that confers some advantage to
the foreign firm would allow it to compete more effectively with American firms
by allowing it to export more profitably. See id.

    The Georgetown Steel court noted that a previous Commerce decision made a
similar determination. See id. In Polish Wire Rod, Commerce defined a subsidy as
government intervention that distorts the market and encourages inefficient
production. See Carbon Steel Wire Rod from Poland, 49 Fed. Reg. 19,374, 19,375
(Dep't Commerce 1984) (final determination) (concluding that, without government
intervention, supply and demand ensure that resources flow toward their most
efficient and profitable use). This artificial competitive advantage is what
Congress intended to negate when it enacted CVD law. See Georgetown Steel, 801
F.2d at 1315.




n27  See 19 U.S.C. §§ 1671-1677 (1994 & Supp. 1996); see also Herlach &
Codevilla, supra note 15, at 73-78 (discussing changes in U.S. CVD law
subsequent to Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement).




n28  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(1), (2) (1994) (delegating authority to Commerce and
International Trade Commission to conduct CVD investigations).




n29  See id. § 1671a(b) (1994); see also Sykes, supra note 15, at 202-03
(describing how Commerce administers U.S. CVD law). CVD law defines "industry"
as the domestic producers as a whole or those producers whose output comprises a
significant proportion of domestic production. See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(4)(A)
(1994). The power to initiate the review process is not limited to industry, as
Commerce may begin a CVD investigation sua sponte. See id. § 1671a(a).




n30  See id. § 1671d(a)(1) (1994).




n31  See id. § 1671d(b). This injury determination is a two step process. See
id. §§ 1671b(a) (1994), 1671d(b). Before the ITA begins its investigation, the
ITC makes a preliminary determination of whether there is a "reasonable
indication" that the imported products are injuring U.S. industry. See id. §
1671b(a). In most cases, the ITC is able to find an injury under this standard.
See American Lamb Co. v. United States, 785 F.2d 994, 999-1001 (Fed. Cir. 1986)
(affirming ITC interpretation of statutory language "reasonable indication" as
requiring ITC to issue negative determination only if clear and convincing
evidence shows that there was no material injury or threat of injury and record
shows it "extremely unlikely" that evidence of reasonable indication would
surface in further investigation). If the ITC finds no injury in this
preliminary investigation, the proceeding ends. See 19 U.S.C. § 1671b(a)(1). If
the ITA finds a subsidy was bestowed, the ITC conducts its investigation. See
id. §§ 1671b(b)(1), 1671d(a)(1). Should the ITA determine that no subsidy was
bestowed, the investigation is terminated before the ITC's final injury finding.
See id. In its final injury determination, the ITC looks to whether the imports
were causing or threatening to cause material injury to the U.S. industry. See
id. § 1671d(b)(1). The statute providing for the ITC's final injury
determination excludes the "reasonable indication" language, suggesting a
higher, more difficult standard for an affirmative finding. See American Lamb,
785 F.2d at 998-99 (noting that final determination is based on testimony given
at trial-type hearing while preliminary decision is based on questionnaires).
Compare 19 U.S.C. § 1671b(a) (requiring ITC preliminary injury investigation to
decide whether there is reasonable indication that U.S. industry was injured),
with id. § 1671d(b)(1) (providing for ITC final determination of whether
industry was actually injured).




n32  See 19 U.S.C. § 1671(a) (1994) (directing customs officers to collect tax).




n33  See id.




n34  See Sykes, supra note 15, at 200. The factual setting that Commerce
generally confronts is a government that has provided a subsidy directly to a
firm and a benefit accrues to the recipient industry. However, the privatization
trend has added more complexity to the CVD inquiry. See, e.g., Saarstahl AG v.
United States, 78 F.3d 1539 (Fed. Cir. 1996); Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858
F. Supp. 187 (Ct. Int'l Trade 1994).




n35  See Codevilla, supra note 9, at 436 (framing debate on countervailing
duties as argument over whether subsidies on goods should continue like
restrictive covenants in property law which run with land).




n36  54 Fed. Reg. 1753 (Dep't Commerce 1989) (prelim. admin. review).




n37  See id. at 1754 -55 (describing transfer of lime producer to private
entity).




n38  See id. In 1984, Commerce imposed countervailing duties on lime imported
from Sonocal. See id. The Mexican government transferred full ownership of
Sonocal to Bomintzha, a private Mexican firm. See id. Subsequently, the Mexican
government asked Commerce to reconsider its countervailing duty order, arguing
that circumstances had changed and Bomintzha no longer received the benefit of
any previously bestowed subsidies. See id. at 1753-54.




n39  See id. at 1754. This transfer was part of a general privatization program.
See id.




n40  See id.




n41  See Black's Law Dictionary 109 (6th ed. 1991).




n42  See Lime from Mexico, 54 Fed. Reg. at 1754.




n43  See id. at 1755.




n44  56 Fed. Reg. 47,185 (Dep't Commerce 1991) (final determination).




n45  See id. at 47,186 (providing arguments of SSAB purchaser); Cornell, supra
note 3, at 1314 15 (describing SSAB transfer). Before the transfer, Commerce had
imposed a countervailing duty order on SSAB exports to the United States. See
id. at 1314. The Swedish government sold one-third of its share in SSAB to a
private entity. See id. The petitioners urged Commerce to keep the CVD order
intact. See Certain Carbon Steel Products from Sweden, 56 Fed. Reg. at 47,186.




n46  See Cornell, supra note 3, at 1314.




n47  See Certain Carbon Steel Products from Sweden, 56 Fed. Reg. at 47,186
(determining that SSAB continued to benefit from previous subsidies).




n48  See Cornell, supra note 3, at 1315-17 (comparing Lime from Mexico with
Certain Carbon Steel Products from Sweden).




n49  58 Fed. Reg. 37,295 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination) (discussing
privatization issue).




n50  See id. at 37,296 (describing arguments of various "interested parties").




n51  See id. at 37,296, 37,297.




n52  See id. at 37,297 (holding that purchase price reflected only partial
repayment of subsidies).




n53  See id. A Commerce decision memorandum detailed the different methodologies
it used to determine whether subsidies pass through to the successor company.
See also Cornell, supra note 3, at 1315 (discussing development of Commerce's
methodology).




n54  Compare Certain Steel Products from Brazil, 58 Fed. Reg. at 37,297 (holding
that privatization represented only partial repayment of past subsidies), with
Lime from Mexico, 54 Fed. Reg. 1753, 1754 (Dep't Commerce 1989) (prelim. admin.
review) (concluding that privatization fully extinguished benefit of previously
bestowed subsidies).




n55  58 Fed. Reg. 37,217 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination).




n56  See General Issue Appendix, supra note 10, at 37,259-73 (discussing issues
common to Certain Steel Products determinations).




n57  See Certain Steel Products from Austria, 58 Fed. Reg. at 37,219. The
relevant sections of the General Issues Appendix are entitled "Privatization"
and "Restructuring." See General Issues Appendix, supra note 10, at 37,259,
37,265.




n58  See General Issues Appendix, supra note 10, at 37,262-63 (deciding that
purchase price could reflect repayment of subsidies to extent value of subsidies
constitute value of company).




n59  See id. at 37,263.




n60  See id.; see also Saarstahl AG v. United States, 78 F.3d 1539, 1544 (Fed.
Cir. 1996) (explaining Commerce's position).




n61  See General Issues Appendix, supra note 10, at 37,263. Commerce refused to
adopt its rationale in Lime from Mexico, based on two distinctions. See id.
First, as a preliminary determination, Lime from Mexico did not represent
Commerce's final thinking on privatization's effect on previous subsidies. See
id. Second, Lime from Mexico involved a bankruptcy proceeding and did not
involve the sale of a still-operating company. See id. Thus, Commerce concluded
the issues in Lime from Mexico were unique. See id.




n62  See Remand Determination: Certain Hot Rolled Lead and Bismuth Carbon Steel
Products from Germany 4 -6 (Dep't Commerce Oct. 12, 1993) [hereinafter Remand
Determination]. This remand determination modified Commerce's initial
determination. See Certain Hot Rolled Lead and Bismuth Carbon Steel Products
from Germany, 58 Fed. Reg. 6233 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination). In
its first determination, Commerce held that the government subsidies at issue
benefited the new private company. See id. at 6236-37. Saarstahl then appealed
to the CIT. See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 189 (Ct. Int'l
Trade 1994). Commerce requested the CIT to remand the case so Commerce could
reconsider the privatization issue. The CIT complied. See id. Upon remand,
Commerce held that the subsidies initially benefited Saarstahl while under
government ownership. See Remand Determination, supra, at 6. Commerce then
applied its General Issues Appendix and concluded that the subsidies passed
through to the newly privatized company. See id.




n63  See Saarstahl, 858 F. Supp. at 189 (describing administrative background of
case).




n64  See id. at 195 (holding that Commerce's methodology was unreasonable).




n65  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E), (F) (1994); see Codevilla, supra note 9, at
435.




n66  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 78 F.3d 1539, 1540-41 (Fed. Cir. 1996).




n67  See id. at 1541.




n68  See id. These subsidies involved guaranteed loans, government payments, and
loans that Saarstahl SVK would have to repay at face value (absent interest
rates) if it became profitable. See id.




n69  See id.




n70  See id. Once Usinor approached the Saarland government about purchasing
Saarstahl SVK, the West German and Saarland governments devised a plan to
forgive Saarstahl SVK's loans from the governments and a portion of its loans
from private banks. See id. In 1989, Saarstahl SVK became a stock company named
Dillinger Hutte Saarstahl AG ("DHS"). See id. Usinor controlled 70% of DHS, the
Saarland state government controlled 27.5%, and Arbed controlled 2.5%. See id.
Shortly thereafter, the assets of DHS were transferred to a new company,
Saarstahl AG. See id.




n71  See id.




n72  See id.




n73  See id.




n74  See Certain Hot Rolled Lead and Bismuth Carbon Steel Products from Germany,
58 Fed. Reg. 6233, 6234 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination).




n75  See id.




n76  See Remand Determination, supra note 62, at 6.




n77  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 188 (Ct. Int'l Trade
1994).




n78  See id. at 192-94. The CIT reached the same conclusion in British Steel PLC
v. United States, 879 F. Supp. 1254 (Ct. Int'l Trade 1995), where it held that
Commerce's conclusion that arm's length transactions did not necessarily
extinguish all prior subsidies was unreasonable. See id. at 1272. British Steel
involved the privatization of steel manufacturers in four different countries.
See id. at 1261-62. Commerce determined, as it did with Saarstahl, that the
steel imports from the newly privatized companies in these four countries were
subject to CVDs. See Certain Steel Products from United Kingdom, 58 Fed. Reg.
37,393, 37,394 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination); Certain Steel
Products from Brazil, 58 Fed. Reg. 37,295, 37,295-96 (Dep't Commerce 1993)
(final determination); Certain Steel Products from Germany, 58 Fed. Reg. 37,315,
37,316 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination); Certain Steel Products from
Mexico, 58 Fed. Reg. 37,352, 37,355 (Dep't Commerce 1993) (final determination).
The CIT held that when a government-owned firm is sold at arm's length for fair
market value, subsidies are necessarily extinguished. See British Steel, 879 F.
Supp. at 1272. However, a simple stock transfer may not constitute an arm's
length transaction for fair market value. See id. at 1272-73.




n79  See Saarstahl, 858 F. Supp. at 193.




n80  See id. at 195.




n81  See id. at 193.




n82  See id.




n83  See id. at 193-94.




n84  See id.




n85  See id.




n86  See id.




n87  See id.




n88  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 78 F.3d 1539, 1543 (Fed. Cir. 1996).




n89  See id. at 1543 -44.




n90  See id.; see also S. Rep. No. 93-1298, at 184 (1974), reprinted in 1974
U.S.C.C.A.N. 7186, 7319 (instructing Secretary of Treasury to impose CVDs once
there is sufficient evidence to discern whether subsidy exists). But see 30
Cong. Rec. 318 (1897) (statement of Rep. Meyer) (arguing that requirement to
determine effect of subsidy would inject too much complication into CVD
investigations).




n91  See Saarstahl, 78 F.3d at 1544.




n92  See id.




n93  See id.




n94  Uruguay Round Agreements Act, Pub. L. No. 103 -465, sec. 251(a), § 5, 108
Stat. 4809, 4902-8 (striking 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5) and inserting § 5 of sec.
251(a)). The URAA, which implemented the results of the Uruguay Round
negotiations, represents the first significant amendments to U.S. CVD provisions
since the Tokyo Round of multilateral trade negotiations in 1979. See Herlach &
Codevilla, supra note 15, at 57.

    The Tokyo Round Subsidies Code, while more clearly defining international
obligations regarding CVDs, did not address many important issues. See id. The
Tokyo Round attempted to clarify the international treatment of subsidized
imports. See id. The result was the GATT Subsidies Code, to which the United
States is a signatory. See GATT Subsidies Code, supra note 19, at art. 1.1(a).
The Uruguay Round attempted to fill in the blanks left by negotiators during the
Tokyo Round. See Herlach & Codevilla, supra note 15, at 57.




n95  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(B) (1994).




n96  See id. § 1677(5)(E). The Clinton Administration did not want to require
Commerce to consider the effect of government subsidies. See H.R. Rep. No.
103-826(I), at 109 (1994), reprinted in 1994 U.S.C.C.A.N. 3773, 3881.




n97  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(F). The CIT in British Steel held that Commerce's
General Issues Appendix, to the extent that it failed to extinguish subsidies in
arm's length transactions, was unlawful. See British Steel PLC v. United States,
879 F. Supp. 1254, 1273 & n.27 (Ct. Int'l Trade 1995). The court believed that
this decision was consistent with 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(F) and its legislative
history. See id. at 1276 n.34. This compatibility results from Commerce's
failure to determine whether the transactions involved in British Steel were at
arm's length. See id. Nevertheless, Congress apparently intended, with the
change of ownership amendment, to give Commerce the freedom to apply the General
Issues Appendix the CIT overturned in Saarstahl, and British Steel. See id.;
Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 194 (Ct. Int'l Trade 1994).

    In June 1995, Commerce extended the General Issues Appendix to the purely
private realm. See Catherine Curtiss, Foreign Privatized Companies May Face
Pitfalls if Exposed to U.S. Countervailing Duty Law, N. Am. Trade & Investment.
Rep., Sept. 30, 1996, at 1. Commerce determined that the sale of a privately
owned producer of Italian pasta to another private enterprise, at arm's length,
did not extinguish prior subsidies. See Certain Pasta ("Pasta") from Italy, 61
Fed. Reg. 30,288, 30,289-90 (Dep't Commerce 1996) (final determination).




n98  See Statement of Administrative Action, Pub. L. No. 103 -465, 1974
U.S.C.C.A.N. 3773, 4241. A Statement of Administrative Action ("SAA") that
accompanied the URAA described the idea that selling productive assets to an
unrelated party would extinguish all prior subsidies as an "extreme
interpretation." See id. The SAA does not explain why such an interpretation
would be extreme. See id. The SAA also reserves for Commerce the right to
consider each case on its own facts and to apply what it determines to be the
most appropriate methodology. See id.




n99  See Codevilla, supra note 9, at 436 -38, 461-62 (explaining Congress's
approach to implementing new GATT definitions by including "change of ownership"
amendment). This statutory amendment effectively reversed Saarstahl AG v. United
States and Inland Steel Bar Co. v. United States. See id. at 462.




n100  See infra notes 112-14 and accompanying text (discussing purpose of CVD
law).




n101  See Charlene Barshefsky & Nancy B. Zucker, Amendments to the Antidumping
and Countervailing Duty Laws Under the Omnibus Trade and Competitions Act of
1985, 13 N.C.G. Int'l. & Com. Reg. 251 (1988). See, e.g., 30 Cong. Rec. 2203,
2225 (1897) (remarks by Sen. Caffery) (stating that natural advantages of one
country should not be offset by artificial aids afforded by another); Richard
Diamond, A Search for Economic and Financial Principles in the Administration of
United States Countervailing Duty Law, 21 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus. 507, 521-65
(1990) (critiquing basic principles and administration of CVD law as resting on
economically flawed theories).




n102  See, e.g., 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E) (providing that Commerce shall
"normally" treat benefit as conferred).




n103  See infra notes 145-51 and accompanying text (discussing privatization
trend).




n104  See Economic Report of the President 279 (1993) (reporting benefits of
liberal trade regime); see also, Robert H. Edwards, Jr. & Simon N. Lester,
Towards a More Comprehensive World Trade Organization Agreement on Trade Related
Investment Measures, 33 Stan. J. Int'l L. 169, 175 (1997) (discussing market
distortion caused by government intervention in free trade).




n105  See Edwards & Lester, supra note 104, at 175.




n106  See id.





n107  See infra notes 112-19 and accompanying text (discussing traditional
notions of CVDs).




n108  See Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement, supra
note 19, at art. 14.




n109  See infra notes 131-42 and accompanying text (demonstrating that applying
CVDs to privatized firms overcompensates U.S. industry).




n110  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 194 (Ct. Int'l Trade
1994).




n111  See Zenith Radio Corp. v. United States, 437 U.S. 443, 455-56 (1978)
(holding that subsidy must harm U.S. industry in order to be countervailable);
Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308, 1314 (Fed. Cir. 1986)
(citing Zenith Radio, 437 U.S. at 448).




n112  See 30 Cong. Rec. 2203, 2225-26 (1897) (remarks by Sen. Caffery) (stating
"natural conditions among men and nations ought not to be interfered with by
legislative action; that natural advantages possessed by one country ought not
to be offset by artificial aids afforded by another").




n113  See id; see also S. Rep. No. 96-249, at 37 (1979), reprinted in 1979
U.S.C.C.A.N. 381, 423.




n114  See 30 Cong. Rec. 2203, 2225-26. The Senate Report accompanying the 1979
Trade Act, which amended U.S. CVD law, stated that Congress wanted to protect
firms from foreign governments' attempts to boost the competitiveness of their
own firms by artificial means. See S. Rep. No. 96-249, at 37; see also Andoh,
supra note 4, at 1522 (concluding that legislative history confirms that
Congress intended to protect U.S. producers from adverse foreign competitors
that benefit from subsidies). This theory is known as the entitlement theory and
was first proposed by Charles Goetz, Lloyd Granet, and Warren Schwartz. See
Charles Goetz et. al., The Meaning of 'Subsidy' and 'Injury' in the
Countervailing Duty Law, 6 Int'l Rev. L. & Econ. 17, 26-29 (1986). Richard
Diamond further developed the theory. See Diamond, supra note 101, at 533 -42.
The entitlement model refers to the theory that Congress, in passing
countervailing duty laws, granted an entitlement to American producers to be
free from the harmful affects of subsidized foreign competition. See id. at 534.
The model begins with the fundamental premise that a countervailable subsidy
adversely affects the position of an American producer. See id. at 533-34. A
subsidized foreign firm increases its sales to the United States, causing the
American firm to sell less. See id. at 535-36. For the subsidized firm to
accomplish this, the subsidy must lower its marginal cost or increase marginal
revenue. See id. at 53839.

    The model involves a causation chain containing two steps. See id. at 541.
The subsidy must cause the recipient to increase sales. See id. The increase in
the recipient's sales must then cause the American industry's sales to fall. See
id. Professor Diamond concludes that unless these two elements exist, Commerce
can determine neither the subsidy's effect nor the magnitude of the duty
required to offset it. See id.

    Because Commerce does not determine whether the subsidy changed the behavior
of the recipient and reduced sales of the American firm, it can, and often does,
impose countervailing duties when the American firm has incurred no injury. See
id. Moreover, where a subsidy affects sales of the American firm, Commerce fails
to impose an accurate duty because it does not follow this causation analysis.
See id. at 542. For example, suppose a subsidy permits a firm to purchase better
technology, thereby reducing its marginal costs. The new technology, therefore,
allows the recipient of the subsidy to export more product to the United States,
causing U.S. sales to erode. See id. Commerce will not quantify the reduction in
the recipient's costs as a result of its better technology. See id. Instead, it
determines this benefit to be the increased cash flow from the subsidy. See id.
Commerce's preferred remedy is forcing the recipient to repay the subsidy's full
value to the government, rather than imposing a duty to raise the firm's
marginal costs to their pre-subsidy levels, as Diamond suggests. See id.




n115  See, e.g., Zenith Radio, 437 U.S. at 443 (holding that Commerce shall not
countervail subsidy that confers no benefit).




n116  See id. at 455-57 (citing testimony of members of Congress during debates
indicating purpose of CVD law was to offset competitive advantage enjoyed by
firm receiving subsidy). Several commentators argue that the whole scheme of
Commerce's CVD determinations, not just this particular factual setting, fails
to give meaning to the legislative purpose of CVD law. See Diamond, supra note
101, at 533 -41 (suggesting that Commerce's administration of CVD law fails to
accurately determine magnitude of CVD required to offset subsidy).




n117  See Zenith Radio, 437 U.S. at 456.




n118  See Georgetown Steel Corp. v. United States, 801 F.2d 1308, 1315 (Fed.
Cir. 1986) (holding that Congress sought to shield American firms from what it
viewed as unfair competitive advantage that foreign producer would have in
America if that producer's government assumed portion of producer's sales
expenses in United States).




n119  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 78 F.3d 1539, 1547 (Fed. Cir. 1996)
(Plager, J. dissenting) (citing Zenith Radio, 437 U.S. at 456, and Georgetown
Steel, 801 F.2d at 1315, as binding precedent).




n120  See Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement, supra
note 19, art. 14(a).




n121  See id. art. 1.1(b).




n122  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E) (1994). The Uruguay Round Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures Agreement states that unless a benefit has been
conferred, a subsidy is not countervailable. See Uruguay Round Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures Agreement, supra note 19, art. 1.1(b). Article 14 of the
Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement also states that
any determination of whether a benefit is conferred must comply with four
guidelines. See id. First, providing capital does not confer a benefit unless
the firm would not otherwise have made the investment decision. See id. art.
14(a). Second, government loans confer no benefit unless they are provided at
less than the prevailing market rate. See id. art. 14(b). Third, a loan
guarantee from the government confers no benefit unless a commercial loan would
be more expensive absent this guarantee. See id. art. 14(c). Fourth,
transactions involving goods and services do not confer a benefit unless the
firm purchases the goods or services at less than market value or sells them for
greater than market value. See id. art. 14(d).




n123  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E).




n124  See id.; Codevilla, supra note 9, at 459 & n.158.




n125  See Codevilla, supra note 9, at 459.




n126  See 19 U.S.C. § 1677(5)(E); Codevilla, supra note 9, at 459-60.




n127  See Uruguay Round Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement, supra
note 19, art. 14.




n128  See Richard A. Posner, Economic Analysis of Law, § 1.1, at 10-11 (4th ed.
1992) (discussing market distortions resulting from subsidies); Sykes, supra
note 15, at 203 (defining export subsidy as government program that increases
profitability of recipient firm). See generally Gary Hufbauer & John Erb,
Subsidies in International Trade (1983) (discussing different types of subsidies
).




n129  See Posner, supra note 128, at 19; see also Diamond, supra note 101, at
537-38 (discussing relationship between marginal cost and impact of subsidy).




n130  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 193-94 (Ct. Int'l
Trade 1994).




n131  See id.




n132  See id.




n133  See id.




n134  See id.




n135  See id. The CIT persuasively presented this argument in Saarstahl. See id.
The CIT concluded that the presumption that a benefit normally accrues to the
recipient is not applicable when a private entity pays fair market value for a
government firm. See id. at 193.

    Ironically, Commerce reasoned similarly when it first considered the
privatization issue. See Lime from Mexico, 54 Fed. Reg. 1753, 1754 -55 (Dep't
Commerce 1989) (prelim. admin. review) (concluding that arm's length transaction
would extinguish past subsidies). Commerce reasoned that a prospective buyer
would consider many factors, including current market demand for the company's
product, value of the company's physical assets, state of the company's
technology, and the past and expected financial performance of the company. See
id. Subsidies will affect one or more of these factors, Commerce reasoned. See
id. at 1755. A prospective buyer, thus, accounts for subsidies in its purchase
price. See id. at 1754.




n136  See Saarstahl, 858 F. Supp. at 192-93.




n137  See Posner, supra note 128, at 310 (arguing that CVDs are inappropriate
when subsidies do not harm U.S. industry).




n138  See supra notes 19-21 and accompanying text (discussing requirement that,
by definition, subsidy confer some benefit).




n139  See Posner, supra note 128, at 310.




n140  See id. Note that "consumers" in this context refers both to individual
and commercial or business consumers. See James Bovard, U.S. Trade Laws Harm
U.S. Industries, Regulation, Vol. 16, No. 4, 1994, at 47-58 (giving examples of
Commerce's and ITC's use of trade laws to discriminate against foreign
competition). Commerce injures individuals and businesses when it enforces trade
laws in an economically unreasonable fashion. See id.




n141  See, e.g., Diamond, supra note 101, at 541 (noting that Commerce imposes
CVDs to offset subsidies that have no effect on U.S. industry).




n142  See Sykes, supra note 15, at 214 -15 (explaining that theory behind CVD
law is to deter subsidization).




n143  See Andoh, supra note 4, at 1527-39.




n144  See Saarstahl AG v. United States, 858 F. Supp. 187, 194 (Ct. Int'l Trade
1994) (arguing that General Issues Appendix, which Congress has condoned, will
have "immeasurable" effect on international commerce).




n145  See id.




n146  See Harris, supra note 2, at 419.




n147  See Stephen Engelberg, 21 Months of 'Shock Therapy' Resuscitates Polish
Economy, N.Y. Times, Dec. 17, 1992, at A1. Privatization fueled a trade surplus
of $ 1 billion during the first six months of 1992. See id.




n148  See Anna Reid, Ukrainian Leader Outlines Broad Free Market Reform Plan,
Wash. Post, Oct 12, 1994, at A29. Ukranian President Leonid Kuchma presented an
economic plan that included mass privatization of state-owned properties,
arguing that without these reforms "we have got only the symbols of statehood"
and that privatization measures were critical as "private property rights are
the basis of all civilized economies." Id. Privatization efforts in the Czech
Republic and Slovakia have also been considerable. See Sarah Andrus, Note, The
Czech Republic and Slovakia: Foreign Participation in Changing Economies, 17
Hastings Int'l & Comp. L. Rev. 611, 613-16 (1994) (outlining process by which
Czech Republic and Slovakia have implemented privatization efforts).




n149  See George Melloan, A GOP Challenge: How to De-Invent Government, Wall St.
J., Nov. 14, 1994, at A11 (discussing capitalist trends in Europe).




n150  See Edgardo Buscaglia, Jr., Legal and Economic Development in Mexico: The
Steps Ahead, J. Interamerican Stud. & World Aff., Summer 1994, at 191, 192-93
(1994).




n151  See id. Mexico had 1155 government-owned firms in 1982. See id. That
number fell to 220 by 1992. See id. Argentina has also implemented a
privatization plan, helping to significantly reduce inflation. See Chris Kraul,
International Business: Rail Privatization in Argentina Helps Fuel Economic
Recovery, L.A. Times, Oct. 6, 1994, at D5. Inflation fell from 5000% in 1989 to
3.5% in 1994. See id.; see also Juanita Darling, The Melding Americas Economy:
Business Breaks Through Old Barriers of Fear Latin Governments in the Past Have
Been Suspicious of Foreign Investment, U.S. Firms Wary of Corruption -- But
Times Are Changing, L.A. Times, Sept. 27, 1994, World Report, at 6 (noting U.S.
investment of $ 1.5 billion into Argentine privatization program from 1990 to
1994).




n152  See infra notes 158-67 and accompanying text (discussing effect of URAA
amendments on privatization efforts).




n153  See Codevilla, supra note 9, at 464.




n154  See, e.g., Andrew J. Ritten, Comment, Perspectives on Privatization and
Plant-Level Industrial Relations: Great Britain in the 1980s, Germany in the
1990s, 12 Nw. J. Int'l L. & Bus. 216 (1991) (discussing effect of privatization
on British and German economies).




n155  See Codevilla, supra note 9, at 438.




n156  See id.




n157  See id.




n158  See Economic Report of the President, supra note 104, at 279.




n159  See id.




n160  See id.




n161  See id.




n162  See id.




n163  See id. One commentator argues that promoting free trade, in addition to
its economic benefits, disseminates U.S. moral and cultural values to the rest
of the world. See Alan S. Greenspan, Thoughts About the Transitioning Market
Economies of Eastern Europe and the Former Soviet Union, 6 DePaul Bus. L.J. 1
(1993). See generally Robert Wuthnow, The Moral Crisis in American Capitalism,
Harv. Bus. Rev., Mar. 1982, at 76 (discussing relation between social and
economic values). The market influences everyday life for most Americans,
Wuthnow argues. See id. Americans see in the market a certain moral importance
that is closely related to the American world view such that any values opposing
free trade threaten not only the U.S. standard of living but also the foundation
of American society. See id.




n164  See Sykes, supra note 15, at 209 (explaining that unimpeded competition
leads to more efficient production and lower consumer prices).




n165  See Economic Report of the President 203 (1995) (arguing that United
States has been most vocal supporter of free trade since World War II).




n166  See, e.g., David M. McPherson, Is the North American Free Trade Agreement
Entitled to an Economically Rational Countervailing Duty Scheme?, 73 B.U. L.
Rev. 47, 64 -65 (1993) (arguing that U.S. CVD law is economically irrational as
long as United States simultaneously pressures its trading partners to sign
international agreements based on economic necessity).




n167  See Alan O. Sykes, Second-Best Countervailing Duty Policy: A Critique of
the Entitlement Approach, 21 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus. 699, 708 (1990). The
greatest danger to the United States is the likelihood that its trading
partners, realizing the protectionist nature of U.S. CVD law, will enact
similarly protectionist regimes in retaliation. See id. Because the United
States has not traditionally provided subsidies to its industries, the available
vehicle for retaliation is antidumping law. See id.

    The two main weapons in the U.S. arsenal of trade laws are countervailing
duties and antidumping laws. See id. In enacting antidumping laws, Congress
intended to protect American firms from injury from foreign competitors who sell
their products in the United States at prices less than in their home market.
See Harvey M. Applebaum, The Antidumping Laws -- Impact on the Competitive
Process, 43 Antitrust L.J. 590, 591 (1974). Antidumping laws have recently
become the subject of an intense debate, with opponents concluding that they are
protectionist in nature, hurt American consumers, and weaken producers. See,
e.g., Richard A. Clarida, Dumping: In Theory, in Policy, and in Practice, in
Fair Trade and Harmonization, Vol. 1: Economic Analysis 357 (Jagdish Bhagwati &
Robert E. Hudec eds., 1996) (arguing that antidumping laws have inflicted
substantial costs on U.S. consumers and downstream producers); Robert W. McGee,
The Case to Repeal the Antidumping Laws, 13 Nw. J. Int'l L. & Bus. 491, 561
(1993) (concluding that administration of U.S. antidumping laws is criminal and
advocating their repeal). See generally A. Paul Victor, Antidumping and
Antitrust: Can the Inconsistencies Be Resolved?, 15 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol'y
339, (1983) (discussing tension between U.S. ideal promoting competition among
all sources, foreign and domestic, and its protectionist impulse, as this
tension is manifested in Antidumping Act of 1916 and 1921 Antidumping Act).





n168  See supra notes 107-19 and accompanying text (discussing how Commerce's
determinations in subsidy and privatization cases were unreasonable).




n169  See, e.g., Codevilla, supra note 9, at 464 (noting that many formerly
communist countries, including Poland, China, and Czech Republic, are in midst
of transitions to capitalist economies).




n170  See id. (noting trend toward capitalism in countries such as Brazil and
Mexico).


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

MoAD preparing to remove ceiling on insurance subsidy

LENGTH: 488 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 14 -- The Ministry of Agricultural Development (MoAD) is
preparing to lift the ceiling for subsidy on insurance premium for farmers
insuring their crop and livestock.

The government took the decision after realizing that the policy of providing
subsidy only for agribusiness worth below Rs 10 million was affecting its move
to commercialize farming. Officials of MoAD have held several rounds of meeting
to study the impact of removal subsidy ceiling. They have also held discussions
with the finance ministry officials. Though officials have agreed in principle
to remove the ceiling, they are yet to decide on subsidy in proportion to the
insured amount.

MoAD is still to receive the go-ahead of the finance ministry to remove the
ceiling.

Officials of the finance ministry have suggested to MoAD to provide 25 percent
subsidy for crops and livestock worth Rs 10 million to Rs 30 million and 10
percent subsidy for agribusinesses of Rs 30 million to Rs 50 million. Finance
ministry has advised MoAD not to provide any subsidy at all to agribusiness
worth more than Rs 50 million.

However, MoAD has expressed disagreement over the suggestions given by the
finance ministry. Vijoy K Mallick, joint secretary at MoAD, said the suggestions
were not practical and that it would discourage big investment in agriculture
sector. "Therefore we have proposed new subsidy rates and forwarded it to the
finance ministry for approval," he added.

MoAD sent the new subsidy rates to the finance ministry on Thursday. It has
proposed to the finance ministry to provide 50 percent subsidy on agribusinesses
worth up to Rs 50 million. It has proposed different subsidy on insurance
premium for agribusiness with insured amount between Rs 50 million to Rs 10
million and above Rs 10 million.

"There are several agribusinesses like cow farms and fruit orchards whose
investment is beyond Rs 10 million. The existing subsidy program cannot protect
that investment," Mallick said.

A Rupandehi-based ostrich farm had bought insurance policy worth Rs 280 million.
But it couldn't get any subsidy from the government because of the ceiling on
subsidy.

Meanwhile, MoAD has begun collecting information of commercial farming of crops
and livestock from all 75 districts in a bid to address policy issues in farm
commercialization.

The ministry recently issued circulars to its line agencies, asking them to
compulsorily insure agribusinesses running under grants of government agencies
or donors. It has also asked the Social Welfare Council to make only those
agribusinesses, who have bought insurance policy, eligible for financial support
or grant from non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and international
non-governmental organizations (INGOs).

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

It makes sense to remove cooking oil subsidy

BYLINE: Datuk Dr John Antony Xavier

SECTION: Comment; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1032 words


THE latest removal of the subsidy for cooking oil is reminiscent of the 1980 hit
song by the band Queen, Another One Bites the Dust. It comes in the wake of the
removal of subsidies for sugar and fuel over the last three years.

The announcement last week of the phased removal over the next two months -
except for the 1kg polybag - and swirling rumours of an impending shortage,
whipped many Malaysians into clearing bottles of cooking oil off supermarket
shelves.

This caused supermarkets to impose a quota of two bottles per purchase to ensure
adequate supply for all.

Subsidies are a citizen's dream, but a government's nightmare. There are four
reasons for the removal of the cooking oil subsidy.

FIRST, to cushion the effect of other financial assistance. Doubtless, subsidies
alleviate the plight of the poor from the inexorable escalation of the cost of
living. But, unlike in India and other poorer parts of the world where one in
four are poor and where government subsidy for food is warranted, Malaysia's
poverty rate is a miniscule 0.7 per cent.

As such, the government considers that the other special assistance, chiefly the
recently announced increases of between RM50 and RM150 to the 1Malaysia People's
Aid, or BR1M, would be able to cushion at least a quarter of the population from
the effects of the subsidy removal.

SECOND, removing subsidies makes economic sense. Subsidies are price-distorting
and send the wrong signals. If we know that we will have to buy the expensive
anti-diabetes drug, we would rather prevent it now than treat the disease later
at a great cost. It might be otherwise, should such medication be offered free
or at subsidised prices. And, subsidies cause wasteful consumption when prices
are artificially depressed as a result.

THIRD, the removal is part of the government's rationalisation programme to save
public funds. For example, with the managed-float system, where prices at the
petrol pump change according to the market price, the government saves RM20
billion annually in fuel subsidies. And, blanket subsidies, unlike the targeted
ones, such as BR1M, benefit the rich.

In one study, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) found that 61 per cent of
the benefit of fuel subsidy goes to the richest or top 20 per cent of citizens.
Rather than subsidising the rich, such savings can be put to better use to
improve essential public services, such as health, education and affordable
housing.

Saving on subsidies will also help trim the budget deficit, which the government
aims to eliminate by 2020. Through their gradual removal, the subsidy bill will
halve from the RM44 billion in 2012 to RM22 billion next year. It now consumes
10 per cent of government revenue. It is this subsidy rationalisation that has
helped prop up our A-sovereign credit rating. That rating has enhanced
investors' confidence and increased foreign direct investments while making the
cost of funds relatively cheaper.

FOURTH, subsidies have the perverse effect of attracting smuggling. Examples
abound: unscrupulous fishermen selling their subsidised fuel to Thai and
Indonesian counterparts; and crooked businesses eligible for subsidised sugar
illegally selling their excess supplies to ineligible industries. Given that the
price of cooking oil in Malaysia is double that of Thailand and triple that of
Laos, some 45,000 tonnes gets smuggled out of the country. The government bleeds
RM540 million annually in subsidies because of this. Removing cooking oil
subsidy will thwart smuggling of the commodity across the border.

Indeed, this is one reason why subsidies for the 1kg pack remain. While
relieving the plight of the poor, these small packs will be too cumbersome to
transport in bulk without arousing suspicion.

Of course, for every action there is a consequence. The removal will have a
negative impact on the cost of living. The impact on household income will
likely be small. Assuming an average household consumes 5kg of cooking oil a
month, and each kilogramme costs a ringgit more now, that will cost a household
an additional RM5.

However, prices in restaurants and street stalls will compound as a result of
profiteering. Everyone suffers because of the greed of a few. Expect the price
of roti canai and nasi lemak to go up together with other food items.

A similar situation prevailed when the government introduced the Goods and
Services Tax (GST) in April last year. Profiteers raised the prices of goods,
including those that were GST-exempted. The government was quick to check
profiteering. There were high-profile cases that were charged in court for
profiteering.

Likewise, in the case of cooking oil, greater enforcement against profiteering
and smuggling should send the message to wholesalers, retailers and traders that
it does not pay to live off the misery of the people. We have laws against that.
Wholesalers and suppliers hoarding cooking oil can be charged under the Control
of Supplies Act 1961.

The act carries a fine of up to RM250,000. Those who profiteer can face the full
wrath of the Price Control and Profiteering Act 2011 with fines of up to RM1
million or five years' jail and/or both.

The national price council needs to monitor price levels closely to protect
consumers. They have to ensure businesses do not take advantage to rake in
excessive profits.

The government should also engage with businesses to educate them on ethical
business practices and warn them of the serious consequences of profiteering.

The 2017 Budget plans to increase fair-price shops from 640 to 1,000 to
encourage greater demand for ethical businesses.

Although the public welcomes them, subsidies hurt the economy and government
coffers. It can lead to a culture of entitlement. The government is right in
removing the subsidy for cooking oil.

Ultimately, it falls on us, consumers, to be vigilant against unscrupulous price
increases and report such instances immediately to the authorities. As
Epictetus, a Greek philosopher, once said: "Make the best use of what is in your
power, and take the rest as it happens."

The writer is the head of the Strategic Centre for Public Policy at the Graduate
School of Business, Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 7, 2011

Nevada ranks 46th in farmer, rancher subsidies

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 425  words


CARSON CITY - Nevada ranks 46th among states in the total amount of federal
subsidy payments to farmers and ranchers over the past 16 years, with 89 percent
receiving no payments at all, according to information from the Washington,
DC-based Environmental Working Group.

State farming and ranching interests received a total of $ 118 million in
various types of subsidies from 1995 to 2010, with $42.2 million paid out for
conservation subsidies and $39 million in disaster subsidies, the group is
reporting on its website.

Farming subsidies totaled $27.4 million.

The top Nevada recipient of farming subsidies was the Brinkerhoff Ranch Inc. out
of Lovelock, with $909, 349 in subsidies from 1995 to 2010. The Nevada Nile
Ranch Inc., also based in Lovelock, was 2nd with $823, 202 in subsidies, and the
Kings River Land & Cattle Co. Inc. 3rd with $795, 609 in subsidies.

The top recipients of fanning subsidies in 2010 were Henry C. Vogler of Ely,
with $150, 231; Brinkerhoff Ranch with $40, 000; and Golconda Butte Farms Inc.
of Winnemucca with $40, 000.

Vogler, a member of the state Board of Agriculture, runs a cattle and sheep
ranch in eastern Nevada. While Vogler said he has taken advantage of the subsidy
program over the years, for a lot of ranchers, it isn't worth the time to
navigate the bureaucracy.

"Probably one of the biggest reasons that fewer and fewer ranchers use it is,
for whatever reason, the federal USDA farm service agency people have been
almost taking an adversarial position against the ranching community, don't ask
me why," he said.

"Anytime you qualify for a program it's a bit like pulling teeth," Vogler
said."You are guilty until proven innocent. They fight you tooth and nail rather
than try and help you. And the comment I get from many, many producers is it's
not worth the hassle."

But living in the driest state in the nation, Vogler said the disaster relief
assistance provided through the program has helped him survive through what has
been the worst drought in White Pine County on record.

The Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit research organization, on June 23
released the latest update of its farm subsidy database after months of
reviewing millions of new government records. The 2011 database tracks $222.8
billion in subsidies paid from 1995 to 2010 by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

The top five states over the 16 years are Texas at $24.4 billion, Iowa, $22.3
billion, Illinois, $18.6 billion, Minnesota, $15.2 billion, and Nebraska, $14.8
billion. Rhode Island was last with $18 million in subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Farming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2011 Mineral County Independent-News


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

India Inc rallies behind PM's appeal to give up gas subsidy

BYLINE: Piyush Pandey

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 638 words


India Inc has rallied behind Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call to give up
cooking gas subsidies with industry leaders including Anand Mahindra, Anil
Agarwal, Gautam Adani, Sajjan Jindal, Uday Kotak and Kishore Biyani making a
personal appeal to their employees to give up subsidized LPG connections.

The Prime Minister, on Thursday had exhorted banks and industrial houses, along
with their employees, to give up LPG subsidies voluntarily to benefit poor
families.

Earlier, this week, Tata Group and Reliance Industries asked their employees to
give up their LPG subsidies.

Mahindra Group chairman Anand Mahindra in an appeal to his employees on Monday
said, "In line with our Prime Minister's call to the citizens of India, I appeal
to all employees of the Mahindra Group, who can afford to buy LPG at market
prices, to do so and forgo the LPG subsidy." Similarly, Mukesh Ambani-led
Reliance Industries (RIL) has appealed to its employees, channel partners and
vendors to buy LPG at market rate and voluntarily surrender the LPG subsidy.

The government expects one crore consumers (households) from 15.3 domestic LPG
consumers across India to surrender this facility. So far 3.2 lakh LPG consumers
have surrendered their subsidised gas connections.

"We have asked all our employees to give up subsidised gas connections,"JSW
Group chairman Sajjan Jindal told TOI.

Bajaj Group chairman Rahul Bajaj along with his two sons Sanjeev and Rajeev have
already surrendered their LPG subsidy last year.

Aditya Birla Group chairman Kumar Mangalam Birla, who is traveling overseas is
expected to request his employees to join the 'GiveItUp' campaign as and when he
returns, said sources in the Birla Group.

The PM while addressing the Urja Sangam, an international energy summit in New
Delhi last week, had said that the voluntary surrender of subsidized LPG
cylinders has helped the government to save Rs 100 crore so far.

"We have always aligned with the national cause that will enable the much needed
funds to reach more households of the needy. The 'Opt out of LPG Subsidy' scheme
has our whole-hearted support, and we have encouraged the members of the Vedanta
family to help achieve the target of 1 crore people giving up LPG subsidies by
the end of the financial year," said Anil Agarwal, chairman, Vedanta group.

On the other hand, Biocon managing director Kiran Mazumdar Shaw had never
availed a LPG subsidy and will now ask her employees to be a part of the
"GiveItUp" campaign.

An appeal on the Tata Group website read; "The Tata companies and Tata employees
have had a rich tradition of nation building. In keeping with that tradition of
supporting national interest, Tata companies are requesting those employees who
can afford to do so to consider whether they may wish to voluntarily give up the
use of subsidised LPG."

However, not all business houses are asking their employees to give up the
subsidy. A leading industrialist on condition of anonymity told TOI, "I have
never claimed any LPG subsidy. But the idea of asking employees to give up LPG
subsidy is like forcing them to do so. I am a citizen of India and so are they.
Employees can voluntarily give up subsidy if they want to but I won't ask them
to."

The subsidy burden to the Indian government was more than Rs 40,000 crore in
2013-14. In the 2015-16 Budget estimates, the petroleum subsidy had been halved
to Rs 30,000 crore. Of this, Rs 22,000 crore has been earmarked for the LPG
subsidy while the rest is for kerosene.

The surrendered subsidy will be given to a new consumer. This will reduce the
Indian government's subsidy bill and help finances reach more poor households.
To be part of the #GiveItUp campaign, a written request has to be submitted to
the distributor or an application has to be made on http://www.givitup.in/.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 21, 1995, Tuesday, Final Edition

CORPORATE SUBSIDY HIT LIST

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 417 words


Last week the Progressive Policy Institute and the Cato Institute found common
ground. The two think tanks unveiled separate lists of proposed reductions in
government subsidies and tax breaks that totaled $ 265 billion over five years
(PPI) and $ 86 billion over one year (Cato). Cato believes that most of the
programs below should be abolished, while PPI proposes that they be either
abolished, phased out or funded by user fees:

Five-year savings according to PPI, in billions of dollars

AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDIES

* Target price programs: $ 11.1

* Export-enhancement subsidies: $ 4.2

* Federal Crop Insurance: $ 0.7

* USDA export promotion: $ 0.2

Direct government services that should be eliminated or funded by user fees:

* USDA Agricultural Research Service, Extension Service, Cooperative State
Research Service, and Economic Research Service: $ 2.6

* National Marine Fisheries Service: $ 0.3

* USDA National Agricultural Statistics Service: $ 0.2

* Federal Grain Inspection Service and Packers and Stockyards Administration: $
0.1

* World Agricultural Outlook Board: $ 0.1

ENERGY INDUSTRY SUBSIDIES

* Power marketing administrations: $ 4.8

* Energy-related R&D, fossil and nuclear: $ 2.3

* Energy R&D, other: $ 1.0

* Tennessee Valley Authority: $ 1.0

* Rural Utilities Service: $ 0.6

* Strategic Petroleum Reserve: $ 0.3

* Uranium enrichment services: $ 0.3

OTHER NATURAL RESOURCE SUBSIDIES: Mining and Timber

* Bureau of Mines: $ 0.9

* End below-cost timber sales, reduce subsidy for Forest Service construction of
logging roads: $ 0.7

TRANSPORTATION INDUSTRY SUBSIDIES

* Federal Aviation Administration: $ 11.0

* Mass-transit subsidies: $ 6.9

* Highway demonstration projects: $ 2.6

* Amtrak operating subsidies: $ 1.9

* Maritime Administration operating-differential and ocean freight-differential
subsidies: $ 1.0

AEROSPACE AND HIGH-TECH INDUSTRY SUBSIDIES

* NASA space station: $ 10.4

* Sematech and Technology Reinvestment Project: $ 1.5

* Advanced Technology Program: $ 0.5

MISCELLANEOUS INDUSTRY SUBSIDIES

* Overhead payments for federally supported university payments: $ 1.6

* Small Business Administration: 1.5

* Export-Import Bank: $ 1.4

* Travel and Tourism Administration and International Trade Administration: $
0.8

* Market Promotion Program: $ 0.5

* Overseas Private Investment Corp.: $ 0.3

NOTE: Numbers taken from PPI's report, "Cut-and-Invest: A Budget Strategy for
the New Economy."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              March 9, 2007 Friday

Ignoring subsidies

BYLINE: Donald J. Boudreaux

LENGTH: 865 words


In my previous column I concluded that Uncle Sam has no business obstructing
American consumers' ability to buy goods and services from a foreign country --
even if that country's government is accused of subsidizing its producers.

To reach this conclusion, though, I do not deny that foreign governments
sometimes subsidize their producers. Nor do I deny that these subsidies are
harmful economically.

By directing resources into uses that are not justified by market realities,
subsidies make us all poorer. If, for example, Malaysia subsidizes its textile
industry, these subsidies direct Malaysian workers and resources into textile
production and away from producing goods and services that Malaysians could
produce more efficiently.

For this reason I said in my earlier column that even though foreign subsidies
typically benefit American consumers, our applause for such benefits should be
"somewhat muted."

Recognizing that subsidies are sand in the gears of the global economy, some
people argue that Uncle Sam should use his powers to raise tariffs in order to
dissuade foreign governments from imposing subsidies. The idea is that if
Washington prevents Americans from buying subsidized imports, foreign
governments will have much less incentive to subsidize their industries.

This argument for U.S. tariffs has some appeal. It is based not on the
wrongheaded notion that subsidies are bad because they harm American producers,
but rather on the correct understanding that subsidies are bad because they
reduce the productivity of the global economy -- an economy of which Americans
are an important part.

Nevertheless, the best and most prudent policy is for Uncle Sam to steadfastly
avoid granting protection even when foreign firms are subsidized.

One justification for this policy of unilateral free trade was explored in my
previous column: Such subsidies are, in effect, a gift to consumers in America.
The chief losers continue to be foreign taxpayers.

Another important reason springs from the fact that subsidies are surprisingly
difficult to define and identify. The classic case of a government paying a
producer a fixed amount of money per unit of output is straightforward. But
beyond this blatant method of subsidizing producers, things quickly get fuzzy
and foggy.

Does a government subsidize an industry if it cuts that industry's taxes?

How about if the government builds a first-rate system of highways, roads and
bridges in proximity to the chief firms in an industry?

Is an industry subsidized if it benefits from a government-financed engineering
school?

How about if some of the industry's firms are paid by government to build
cutting-edge military equipment?

Are firms that depend upon export markets subsidized if their government
provides a top-flight navy to ensure the safety of cargo ships sailing under
that country's flag?

Do governments that use tax revenues to maintain law and order and ensure
reliable enforcement of contracts subsidize businesses within their borders?

Answering such questions is surprisingly difficult. And, sad to say, if Uncle
Sam commits himself to protecting American producers from foreign competition
whenever that competition is subsidized, these producers will exploit the
ambiguous nature of subsidies as they petition Washington for protection from
competitive pressures. They will too freely and loosely allege that their
foreign rivals are subsidized.

Also, because subsidies are indeed often hidden and their nature vague, it is
difficult to disprove many allegations of subsidization. Unable solidly to
disprove such allegations means that government will err on the side of
sympathetic domestic industries that accuse their foreign rivals of enjoying
"unfair" advantages.

Predictably, other governments will not sit by idly as Uncle Sam raises tariffs
under the pretense of protecting Americans from unfair foreign subsidies. These
other governments will retaliate with their own allegations of unfair subsidies
-- alleging, for example, that Boeing is unfairly subsidized by the many
contracts that it receives from the Pentagon.

As always, the losers from such protectionism, especially if it escalates into a
trade war, are consumers, both foreign and American.

None of the above is to deny that governments (including our own) dole out
unjustified subsidies to various industries within their jurisdictions. And none
of the above is to deny that such subsidies are harmful. In this context,
however, two facts are important to remember even in cases where there's no
question that a foreign government is unjustifiably subsidizing some of its
producers.

First, the principal victims of subsidies will always be taxpayers who are
milked to provide the subsidies.

Second, protectionism is itself harmful. Protectionism only piles one harm atop
another.

I know of no cases in which a country was impoverished, or even measurably
damaged, by its refusal to "retaliate" against alleged instances of foreign
subsidies. This fact, combined with the ease of abusing the ability to accuse
foreign rivals of being subsidized, counsels strongly in favor of our own
government turning a deaf ear to such accusations.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           November 29, 2012 Thursday

Muhith disagrees as BIDS puts energy subsidies at 4pc of GDP

LENGTH: 777 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Nov. 29 -- Finance Minister AMA Muhith strongly disagreed Wednesday
with the findings of a study that showed the total spending of the government as
energy subsidies at about 4.0 per cent of the country's gross domestic product
(GDP), the amount being more than what it spends on health and social welfare
programmes.

Defending the government's subsidy policy on the power and energy sectors, he
said the gross subsidy has multiple benefits and the subsidy on energy means
capacity to work and capacity to enhance production, goods and services.

The income inequality between the rich and the poor has been reduced in this
country as a result of the government's subsidy programmes, the finance minister
claimed while speaking as chief guest at the discussion on "Fossil-Fuel Subsidy
Reform: Challenges and opportunities," at a city hotel.

Bangladesh Institute of Development Studies (BIDS) organised the discussion and
presented the study report on "Energy Subsidies in Challenges and
opportunities".

Geneva-based International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD) was the
co-sponsor of the programme where Prime Minister's Adviser on Energy Issues Dr
Tawfiq-e-Elahi Chowdhury also spoke as special guest.

BIDS Director General Dr. Mustafa K Mujeri presided over the discussion.

The study estimated the total energy subsidy for the fiscal year (FY) 2011-12 at
around Tk 282 billion (US$ 3.4 billion), which was 90 per cent of the aggregate
amount of Taka 320 billion that the government spent for all sectors as
subsidies during the year.

The amount of government spending as energy subsidies was nearly a quarter of
the total budget, equivalent to what it spent on education and more than its
total expenditures for health and social welfare activities, the study observed.

Reacting sharply to the BIDS study, the finance minister said that the BIDS
study revealed some confusing figures without taking any information from the
government.

He said such research studies sometimes do not reflect the actual multiple
benefits provided to the people by the subsidies in the energy sector.

He said a large amount of subsidy is being provided to the energy sector as part
of the government policy to enhance production capacity.

Some 3.4 per cent of the GDP was given as subsidy to power and energy sector
last fiscal, he said.

There is criticism against the rental power plants' high-cost electricity as the
government buys it through payments of a huge amount of subsidy, he said.

"But the country attained 6.7 per cent GDP growth and 41 per cent growth in
exports only because of increased electricity generation by rental power
plants," he said.

He said the decision about increase in petroleum prices is political.

To ensure the country's future energy security, the finance minister stressed
the need for diversification of sources of energy.

He said the government plans to generate 50 per cent electricity from the
coal-fired power plants by 2030.

The government has moved to import liquefied natural gas (LNG) equivalent to 500
million cubic feet per day (mmcfd) from Qatar, he said.

Energy trade with the neighbouring countries will be purported to ensure the
country's energy security in the near future, he added.

Bangladesh will start importing around 500 megawatts (mw) of electricity from
India by June 2013, he noted.

It has moved for energy trade with Bhutan, which has huge cheap energy sources,
the finance minister added.

The country has also taken a move to implement a comprehensive renewable energy
programme, he observed.

"I don't want to see energy as an impediment to growth," he said.

The finance minister said the government is ensuring equitable access to energy
for both rural and urban population.

"Our practices are the best ones in the world as 58 per cent of our population
now have access to electricity and out of this, almost 50 per cent are in the
urban areas and the remaining 50 per cent are in the rural areas," he said.

About the environment-friendly renewable energy, Mr Muhith said the government
has been promoting renewable energy and the Infrastructure Development Company
Limited (IDCOL) has been engaged for this. But renewable energy is very
expensive which the developed world can afford, he noted.

Tawfiq Elahi Chowdhury said research should be conducted with a holistic view to
ensuring that it reflects the overall situation.

Taking steps to reduce poverty and ensuring sustainable development is the key,
he added. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial
Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday
                               Australian Edition

REDIRECT THE SUBSIDY TO CURE INSURANCE HEADACHE

BYLINE: STEPHEN DUCKETT

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 771  words


It would be far more efficient to pay private hospitals rather than the insurers

FOR an industry that attracts a government subsidy of more than $5 billion a
year - more than the wildest aspirations of the carmakers - the private health
insurance industry has escaped a serious look for almost 20 years.

The industry we see today is the linear descendant of the industry of the 1950s,
with more than 30 funds, over-regulated, over-subsidised and over-protected. Two
for-profit funds dominate the industry - BUPA (owned by a British
not-for-profit) and newly listed Medibank Private. These dominant funds have
about 80 per cent of all issued policies, with Medibank Private losing its
position as market leader to BUPA in the past six months, continuing a slow
decline that had been evident for years.

The latest tweak to industry regulation is apparently to be the withdrawal of
subsidies for unproven natural therapies, a good move that will promote greater
use of evidence in healthcare. There has also been a recent call to target
subsidies only to those products that offer comprehensive coverage (The
Australian, January 1), based on the argument that products which only cover
public hospital care by definition don't reduce demand on public hospitals, one
of the arguments for the subsidy in the first place.

The government's 2014 budget also proposed realigning the regulation of private
health insurers so they would be regulated by the general insurance regulator
rather than having their own specialist regulator. But all this tweaking and
finetuning raises the question of whether this is an industry ripe for the chill
winds of competition to sort out the sheep from the goats.

The espoused object of the government subsidy was indeed to take pressure off
public hospitals but academic study after academic study shows that hasn't
happened.

A very large subsidy, about 30 per cent of the price paid for insurance, has
meant that the industry needs to be regulated to set rules for who gets the
subsidy and how much. The result is an over-protected industry that runs to the
government every time it can't tackle its problems.

The time is ripe for a cleaning out of the accumulated detritus of industry
regulation and subsidy. We now have the technology and competence to start
completely afresh.

If the policy problem is that we want to encourage use of private hospitals
instead of public hospitals, we should do this directly through a subsidy to
private hospitals. The original design of Medicare had a private hospital
subsidy that subsequent Labor governments slowly whittled away.

The private health insurance subsidy has been factored into family budgets. Both
Labor and Liberal governments are committed to keeping it. But an alternative
approach to subsidising funds is to reallocate the same level of funding to
private hospitals.

This could easily be done by the commonwealth paying a subsidy for each treated
patient, with the payment varying by the type of procedure. This is exactly the
same approach currently used for commonwealth payments to public hospitals.

If desired, the payments could be restricted to those patients who have private
health insurance, as an incentive to take out private health insurance. It could
be capped in the same way pathology payments are capped through an agreement
where prices decrease as volume increases to cap taxpayer exposure. Similarly, a
haircut to the funding could be applied in line with budget imperatives.

If the subsidy is paid directly to private hospitals, private health insurance
could simply be regulated in the same way as other insurers. This would greatly
benefit consumers. A highly regulated industry finds it difficult to innovate
and products are generally targeted to the generic consumer rather than to
market niches. More flexibility in product offerings might even entice more
consumers to take out private health insurance.

New entrants into the market might have lower overheads, potentially leading to
lower costs for consumers and innovative products such as no-claim bonuses.

Restructuring the payment so it is paid directly for services, based on an
"efficient price" - the term used for public hospital payments - would also
drive efficiency in private hospitals, which could compete more effectively with
public hospitals, reducing waiting times for uninsured patients and allowing for
reduction of the red tape that constrains the private insurers. The insurers
could stand on their feet and develop products that meet consumer needs, without
a public handout.Stephen Duckett is the director of the health program at the
Grattan Institute.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday
                              Australian3 Edition

REDIRECT THE SUBSIDY TO CURE INSURANCE HEADACHE

BYLINE: STEPHEN DUCKETT

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 771  words


It would be far more efficient to pay private hospitals rather than the insurers

FOR an industry that attracts a government subsidy of more than $5 billion a
year - more than the wildest aspirations of the carmakers - the private health
insurance industry has escaped a serious look for almost 20 years.

The industry we see today is the linear descendant of the industry of the 1950s,
with more than 30 funds, over-regulated, over-subsidised and over-protected. Two
for-profit funds dominate the industry - BUPA (owned by a British
not-for-profit) and newly listed Medibank Private. These dominant funds have
about 80 per cent of all issued policies, with Medibank Private losing its
position as market leader to BUPA in the past six months, continuing a slow
decline that had been evident for years.

The latest tweak to industry regulation is apparently to be the withdrawal of
subsidies for unproven natural therapies, a good move that will promote greater
use of evidence in healthcare. There has also been a recent call to target
subsidies only to those products that offer comprehensive coverage (The
Australian, January 1), based on the argument that products which only cover
public hospital care by definition don't reduce demand on public hospitals, one
of the arguments for the subsidy in the first place.

The government's 2014 budget also proposed realigning the regulation of private
health insurers so they would be regulated by the general insurance regulator
rather than having their own specialist regulator. But all this tweaking and
finetuning raises the question of whether this is an industry ripe for the chill
winds of competition to sort out the sheep from the goats.

The espoused object of the government subsidy was indeed to take pressure off
public hospitals but academic study after academic study shows that hasn't
happened.

A very large subsidy, about 30 per cent of the price paid for insurance, has
meant that the industry needs to be regulated to set rules for who gets the
subsidy and how much. The result is an over-protected industry that runs to the
government every time it can't tackle its problems.

The time is ripe for a cleaning out of the accumulated detritus of industry
regulation and subsidy. We now have the technology and competence to start
completely afresh.

If the policy problem is that we want to encourage use of private hospitals
instead of public hospitals, we should do this directly through a subsidy to
private hospitals. The original design of Medicare had a private hospital
subsidy that subsequent Labor governments slowly whittled away.

The private health insurance subsidy has been factored into family budgets. Both
Labor and Liberal governments are committed to keeping it. But an alternative
approach to subsidising funds is to reallocate the same level of funding to
private hospitals.

This could easily be done by the commonwealth paying a subsidy for each treated
patient, with the payment varying by the type of procedure. This is exactly the
same approach currently used for commonwealth payments to public hospitals.

If desired, the payments could be restricted to those patients who have private
health insurance, as an incentive to take out private health insurance. It could
be capped in the same way pathology payments are capped through an agreement
where prices decrease as volume increases to cap taxpayer exposure. Similarly, a
haircut to the funding could be applied in line with budget imperatives.

If the subsidy is paid directly to private hospitals, private health insurance
could simply be regulated in the same way as other insurers. This would greatly
benefit consumers. A highly regulated industry finds it difficult to innovate
and products are generally targeted to the generic consumer rather than to
market niches. More flexibility in product offerings might even entice more
consumers to take out private health insurance.

New entrants into the market might have lower overheads, potentially leading to
lower costs for consumers and innovative products such as no-claim bonuses.

Restructuring the payment so it is paid directly for services, based on an
"efficient price" - the term used for public hospital payments - would also
drive efficiency in private hospitals, which could compete more effectively with
public hospitals, reducing waiting times for uninsured patients and allowing for
reduction of the red tape that constrains the private insurers. The insurers
could stand on their feet and develop products that meet consumer needs, without
a public handout.Stephen Duckett is the director of the health program at the
Grattan Institute.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                           January 24, 2013 Thursday

Government dishes out more child, infant care subsidies

BYLINE: malminderjit singh

SECTION: TOP STORIES

LENGTH: 554 words


[SINGAPORE] Child and infant care services will become more affordable for lower
and middle-income families with the launch of an enhanced programme of subsidies
.

The government announced yesterday that $105 million would go into beefing up
aid for such services; this enhanced subsidy programme complements the Marriage
and Parenthood Package measures unveiled on Monday and aimed at defraying the
cost of child-raising and nudging the people here towards having more babies.

All parents here, regardless of income bracket, already receive - and will
continue to receive - a Basic Subsidy amounting to $300 for a full-day childcare
programme and $600 for a full-day infant-care one.

Under the enhanced subsidy programme to kick off on April 1, families with a
gross monthly income of $7,500 and under will receive an Additional Subsidy - at
least $100 more to pay for full-day childcare, and at least $200 more for
full-day infant care.

Those further from the $7,500 ceiling will get more.

Families whose monthly household income is under $2,500 (under $625 per capita )
stand to get an Additional Subsidy of $440, on top of the Basic Subsidy of $300
for a full-day childcare programme, taking the total subsidy to the maximum of
99 per cent, or $740.

The minimum co-payment by parents in such families with a child in a full-day
childcare programme will be $3.

A complete breakdown of the subsidies by income bracket is on the website of the
Ministry of Social and Family Development.

These extra subsidies bring the total budget for government spending in this
area to about $360 million for fiscal year 2013.

Acting Minister for Social and Family Development Chan Chun Sing, noting that
the median cost of a full-day childcare programme in a HDB estate is $615, said
that the enhanced subsidy would cover a significant part of the costs of
early-childhood education.

The Additional Subsidy replaces the Centre-Based Financial Assistance Scheme for
Child Care (CFAC), which provides childcare-related financial assistance to
families earning $3,500 and below.

With the new scheme in force, up to two-thirds of households will benefit from
higher subsidies on top of the Basic Subsidy.

Some lower-income families may require further assistance on top of the Basic
and Additional Subsidy; the government will continue to give them other forms of
aid, such as a one-time start-up grant of up to $1,000 per child to cover the
initial cost of placing a child in a centre, the deposit, uniforms, registration
fee and insurance charges.

Apart from increasing subsidies for parents, the government will also expand the
number of good-quality, affordable childcare and infant-care places for lower
and middle-income families by extending the Anchor Operator Scheme to more
operators and offering more levels of support.

Details of the enhanced scheme, including requirements for operators interested
in it, will be released by the second quarter of this year.

Mr Chan said yesterday that the enhancements were part of the government's
efforts to improve the accessibility, quality and affordability of
early-childhood development programmes.

The enhanced subsidy programme places Singapore in the top half of the
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countries in terms of the
affordability of pre-school services.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thestar.com

                            November 9, 2015 Monday

Clarifying subsidies study

SECTION: OPINION | EDITORIAL COVERAGE | T

LENGTH: 201 words


Re: Quebec tops business bailouts, Oct. 30

Quebec tops business bailouts, Oct. 30

I am always pleased when reporters note my past work on how much government
subsidies in Canada cost taxpayers, but this recent article on subsidies
referenced my 2014 study incorrectly - as about the cost of taxpayer-financed
subsidies to corporations.

My study, Government Subsidies in Canada: A $684 billion price tag , quite
clearly noted that that date concerned taxpayer subsidies to corporations, Crown
corporations and consumers.

The distinction is an important one, as for example, when governments subsidize
poorer consumers (by subsidies to reduce their power bills in some provinces, as
one example), that is not the same type of indefensible policy as is a subsidy
to the aerospace, automotive or energy corporations, or in my opinion, an unwise
subsidy to VIA Rail.

As I noted in my study, Statistics Canada data does not, unfortunately,
distinguish between the three types of subsidies, so it would be incorrect to
label the $684 billion expenditure over the decades as primarily to business. In
fact, in many cases, it appears subsidies to Crowns and consumers loom large in
government expenditures.

Mark Milke, Calgary

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

When governments can't afford to, but dole out, cash to unproductive sectors

BYLINE: Dr Fahd Rehman

LENGTH: 670  words


In an era of economic liberalisation, successive governments have been unable to
mobilise resources for productive investment, which has resulted into lower
public investment in Pakistan.

Most of the expenditure is based on consumption, leaving little space for
productive investment. This lack of productive investment is detrimental from
the perspective of long-run economic development.

Like previous regimes, the current one focuses on consumption. During FY16, the
current expenditure was around 79% of the total expenditure, which resulted into
lower development expenditure of 4.4% of GDP. When a government does not follow
strict fiscal discipline the axe normally falls on the development expenditure.

Factors increasing expenditure

Akin to the previous regime, the current government keeps on increasing the
salaries of the civil servants more than the inflation. Now every year civil
servants expect a higher salary raise since their desire is deeply entrenched.
In FY16, the reported inflation was around 3%, while the government provided a
raise of 10% to its employees. The government intends to appease the civil
servants closer to elections; therefore it resorted to this move in the last
budget. Following the same logic, the government would again raise the salary of
civil servants higher than inflation in the upcoming budget, which would further
increase government consumption.

The provision of subsidies also falls under wasteful consumption. The case of
tariff differential subsidy is instructive. Under this head, the government
consumed Rs170 billion in FY16. The inability of Distribution companies (DISCOS)
to recover bills from the electricity consumer resulted in lower revenue. This
in turn compelled the government to allocate budget for DISCOS. In the absence
of this subsidy, the government has to further escalate the electricity tariff.
Unfortunately, the subsidy is unequally shared among honest and dishonest
consumers.

In FY16, the government provided a subsidy of Rs5 billion under the head of
national food security to the fertiliser sector, which was not initially
announced in the budget - this became a hidden subsidy. In this populace move,
the government provides fertiliser subsidies to mitigate the effects of either
rising energy cost or lowering international commodity prices.

The intention is to safeguard the interests of the farming community. Through
this subsidy, the benefits are unequally divided between the large and small
farmers. The large farmer gets the maximum benefit out of this subsidy. When
farmers get such kind of subsidy there is less incentive to increase the
agriculture productivity. Hence the result is low agriculture productivity.
There is enough economic evidence across other developing economies to support
the idea that fertiliser subsidy is doled out to placate the large farmers. In
the past, the subsidy had been phased out in order to enforce strict fiscal
discipline. Then political considerations brought back this subsidy through back
doors. This subsidy is neither highlighted as an agenda item nor debated in the
parliament. The amount of this subsidy should be directed to development of
irrigation and canal courses.

Observation/conclusion

The salary and benefits of civil servants should be raised according to
inflation. There is a need to punish the dishonest electricity consumers. There
is also a dire need to differentiate between unproductive consumption and
productive investment. This differentiation helps in shifting the trend of
government consumption to productive investment.

In a nutshell, the successive regimes borrow to finance their consumption
expenditure since there is a lot of inertia in government consumption. Such
spending doesn't yield any returns. In order to step up the development
expenditure, the government has to increase the fiscal deficit close to
elections. The increase in fiscal deficit is financed through more borrowing,
which results into high debt servicing and the vicious cycle goes on and on.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Business Day (Nigeria)

                              March 5, 2010 Friday

No easy walk to fossil-fuel subsidies reform in Nigeria

LENGTH: 1006  words



HIGHLIGHT: Ten years ago, the process of deregulating the Nigerian downstream
petroleum sector began as part of rejuvenation of the full-scale implementation
of the "Washington Consensus" neo-liberal policy reform agenda for the entire
Nigerian economy. This was orchestrated by former President Olusegun Obasanjo's
administration (1999-2007).


The Obasanjo administration's neo-liberal reform agenda under the acronym
"NEEDS" (National Economic Empowerment and Development Strategy), was basically
a continuation of the Structural Adjustment Programme (SAP) started in 1986 by
the then military head of state, Ibrahim Babangida (1985-1993).

The implementation of the SAP was mothballed by late General Sani Abacha, when
he took over power from Interim President Ernest Shonekan (July 1993-November
1993), through a palace coup. During the period Abacha ruled (1993-1998), not
much was done in terms of progressing along with the full-scale implementation
of the privatisation of state-owned enterprises in the oil, gas and power
sectors, or with the full-scale liberalisation, privatisation and deregulation
of the entire economy; apart from one or two nominal petroleum products price
hikes.

This was then followed by the establishment of the Petroleum (Special) Trust
Fund (PTF) to utilise the funds freed from fossil-fuels subsidies reduction for
general infrastructural improvement of the welfare of the Nigerian populace.

General Abdulsalami Abubakar (June 8, 1998-May 29, 1999) handed over power to
Obasanjo on May 29, 1999, having been democratically elected and sworn as
civilian president, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces of Nigeria. This set
the stage for reverting Nigerian economy to the path of neo-liberal economic
paradigm under the shadows of the World Bank (WB) and the International Monetary
Fund (IMF) - the two world's acclaimed protagonists of the much touted but
highly criticised "Washington Consensus" economic reform doctrine.

Hence, with Obasanjo in full control of the 'Commanding Heights' of the Nigerian
economy, he started unravelling his administration's desire to accommodate and
cohabits with "Washington Consensus's" neo-liberal economic reform agenda (with
or without 'human face') for the Nigerian economy.

What happened during the eight years of Obasanjo's reign regarding downstream
petroleum sector deregulation is now history. Nevertheless, this write-up aims
at bringing to the fore the need for the present Yar'Adua-Jonathan government to
adopt a pragmatic approach in its effort to undertake a comprehensive
neo-liberal policy reform of deregulation of the downstream sector that includes
removal of subsidies from domestic fossil-fuel prices.

It is no secret that majority of governments (particularly of the industrially
advanced western countries) provide substantial subsidies to production and/or
consumption of fossil-fuels in their domestic economies. For example,
fossil-fuel subsidies add up to about $300 billion across the world's 20 major
developed and developing nations, (G-20) major world economies.

For instance, developing nations tend to use these subsidies to artificially
lower fuel prices for consumers, while developed nations like the US use it in
the form of economic and tax incentives for fossil-fuel producers. Further more,
the largest US subsidies to fossil fuels are attributed to tax breaks that aid
foreign oil production. Fossil fuels benefited from approximately $72 billion
over a six-year period (2002-2008), from the US federal government alone.

Also, from among the major oil exporting developing nations, Iran provides
subsidies to fossil-fuels consumption to the tune of $40 billion annually, while
Nigeria spent close to $20 billion (2006-2009). But, as things stand now all
over the world, there won't be easy money for too much longer to pay for
subsidies, or for bureaucrats to distribute, according to one commentator.

Thus, according to estimates from International Energy Agency (IEA) and the
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), eliminating the
subsidies would reduce global green-house gas pollution to 10 from 12 percent by
2050. Therefore, the billion dollar question begging for urgent answer is how do
nations (particularly the oil exporting developing nations like Nigeria) go
about eliminating the now politically entrenched fossil-fuel subsidies?

Over the years, empirical research and country-by-country case studies have
found out that there is no easy walk to fossil-fuel subsidies removal or reform.
Nigeria in the past 35 years provides a typical example from oil exporting
developing nations (ironically however, Nigeria claims to have totally
eliminated subsidy on the consumption of diesel and kerosene - two of the most
difficult fuels to remove subsidies from; being the choice fuels for the poor!).
But all hopes are not lost as there are equally, many success stories to be told
in this daunting challenge. For example, Russia, Indonesia, China, India and
Malaysia are progressively succeeding in curtailing their domestic fossil-fuels
consumption subsidies.

The other good news coming from the political leaders of the G-20 member
countries at the end of their September 2009 Pittsburgh (USA) Summit is that
they had agreed to gradually eliminate fossil-fuel subsidies. Although no
detailed phase-out action plan has been developed yet, as the G-20 leaders
promised to revisit the issue at their next meeting in Toronto (Canada) in June
2010.

Without prejudice to whatever action plan that might emanate come June 2010, it
is pertinent to point out that oil exporting developing nations like Nigeria
will continue to face serious difficulties in their resolve to eliminate or
reform fossil-fuel subsidies.

Thus, in conclusion, it is advisable for Nigeria to learn from the experiences
of the countries that have recorded some modicum of successes in reducing their
fossil-fuel subsidies.

Furthermore, it is worth recommending that Nigerian's fossil-fuel subsidies
reform implementation apparatchiks consider seeking help from global subsidies
reform movements such as the Geneva-based Global Subsidies Initiatives (GSI) of
the International Institute for Sustainable Development (IISD).

This particular organisation can help Nigeria successfully walk through its
lingering fossil-fuel subsidies deregulation debacle that has since become a
cycle of greed.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: bizday


                     Copyright 2010 Business Day Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 26, 2005 Monday

U.S. farm subsidies hurt America

BYLINE: Nicholas D. Kristof

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: ALTUS, Oklahoma


Here's a gift Americans should give themselves this Christmas season: a firm
commitment to cut farm subsidies sharply, above all for cotton.

Sure, American subsidies hurt poor African countries. But the biggest problem
with farm subsidies is that they are a cancer on rural America itself. They
raise land prices significantly, which makes it hard for young farmers to get
started, and they arguably undermine the family farm by creating incentives for
the consolidation of agriculture.

That's why those who raise livestock who generally don't enjoy subsidies often
speak derisively of those who ''farm the government.'' Despite the stereotype
that all rural America is on the socialist teat, it's largely the farmers of
specific commodities like cotton, rice and corn who had the political pull to
push a subsidy through Congress.

I came here to cotton country to talk to farmers, because I thought I owed them
that much. And I sympathize with them. They are good, hard-working people who
are struggling and who are terrified of losing the price supports that sustain
their entire way of life.

Danny Robbins, a fourth-generation cotton farmer here, has already told his
14-year-old son not to take over the family farm as a full-time job.

''I will encourage him to have something to fall on beside his backside,''
Robbins said. ''We're a stroke of a pen from going out of business. It's pretty
scary.''

But subsidies are the problem, not the solution. They have kept marginal land in
production, resulting in overproduction and lower prices and here in Oklahoma,
subsidies kept people farming cotton when the market tried to switch them to
canola, peanuts, wheat or other crops.

Consider corn. From 2000 through 2004, the average American farmer has, at first
glance, lost money every year planting corn up to $128 per acre in losses,
depending on the year. Yet the acreage planted in corn has been increasing. Why?
Partly because U.S. taxpayers more than covered the losses with $25 billion in
subsidies in that period. Without the subsidies, according to a study cited by
Oxfam, U.S. corn production would have been 15 percent lower and world corn
prices 7 percent higher.

I grew up on a farm in Oregon, and my teen years centered on the Future Farmers
of America. But this column isn't a betrayal because subsidies don't strengthen
rural America, but sap it.

The cotton farmers here in Oklahoma raise some valid arguments above all, the
need to aid struggling communities. But handing out cash to full-time cotton
farmers whose average net worth is around $1 million doesn't help the most
desperate agricultural families. And I get a farm subsidy of $588 each year,
because I own farmland in Oregon that is in the conservation reserve program;
surely there are better ways to help struggling farm towns than by sending
subsidies to New York journalists.

I raised sheep in FFA, and my parents still keep a few ewes. And almost no
industry has suffered more than sheep ranching, with the numbers of sheep in the
United States falling from 56 million head in 1942 to just 6 million today. But
imagine if we had started a major sheep subsidy to ease the trauma. Today we
might have 100 million sheep, a $10 billion annual subsidy, and ranchers would
still be struggling.

At this month's World Trade Organization meeting in Hong Kong, the arguments
against subsidies focused on the harm they do to poor countries. Europe is the
worst offender, subsidizing each cow to the tune of $2.20 a day more than much
of the world lives on. I agree that one of the most effective ways to help poor
countries would be to cut our subsidies.

But the biggest reason to reform American agriculture is at home. My heart goes
out to the struggling cotton farmers here in Oklahoma. But the existing system
has failed, and it's time to rely on the market.

***

E-mail: nicholas@nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 6, 1998 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Australia cottons on to US subsidy;
washington Global Commodities

BYLINE: stephen wyatt

SECTION: INVESTMENT; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 838 words


Depressed commodity markets may be reflecting global deflation and the Asian
slowdown, but one market snubbing all this is cotton.

US cotton futures have roared higher over the past three months, rising more
than 30 per cent.

The world cotton market is booming, right? No, wrong. It's all a US play.
Outside the US, cotton that is not traded with US futures as the prime pricing
market, like West African and Central Asian cotton, has hardly risen.

But for Australian growers, it's been a record boom. They have never made so
much money and, better still, have been able to forward sell their 1999 and 2000
crops at extraordinarily high prices.

How? Australian cotton is priced against the US cotton futures market, plus or
minus a differential for local quality and location. This is called the basis.
And so far with futures surging, the Australian basis only a little softer and
the Australian dollar in the hole, Australian cotton prices are at record
levels.

And, ironically, Australian growers can thank the US Government.

Cotton's strength has been sponsored by US subsidies along with some poor
weather in the US - drought in Texas and rain in California.

Never before has Washington paid so much in subsidies to US cotton merchants to
try to keep US cotton competitive internationally. And all this is doing is
ensuring that it stays uncompetitive.

The US Government is paying more than US10Â¢/lb or $US50/ bale to merchants - a
subsidy equi- valent to about 12 per cent of the current US price. This subsidy
is referred to as the step 2 marketing certificate.

It is paid when US cotton trades at prices above world cotton prices. It is the
difference between the US price (the cheapest US quote in the A index) minus
US1.25Â¢/lb and the world cotton price (measured by the Liverpool A index - an
average of several different world growths).

For example, the US (cif North Europe) price is about 82Â¢ and the world price
is about 69Â¢. This gives a marketing subsidy of US11.75Â¢/lb.

But why did US prices initially get out of line with world prices? It was the
poor planting conditions in the US that first kicked US prices above world
prices. Then the subsidy took over.

The US subsidy meant there was no apparent loss of competitive position for US
exporters. The price differential was able to explode. It was, in fact,
supported by the subsidy.

What impact does this have on non-US cotton producers, like Australian growers?
As US merchants pass this subsidy on to either US domestic mills (for domestic
cotton sales) or to overseas customers (for export sales), it means that, in
theory, US cotton can still effectively compete with, and at times undercut,
world cotton prices.

In normal circumstances, this massive US subsidy crushes local cotton prices by
deflating the basis - the premium that Australian cotton trades over US cotton
futures.

For example, if Australian high- grade cotton sells into Asia at, say, 6Â¢/lb
over futures, and US (Californian) cotton trades at, say, 10Â¢/lb over futures,
then if an export subsidy of, say, 10Â¢/lb is introduced, the US could sell
cotton at a zero basis, and the Australian cotton basis could be knocked down to
4Â¢/lb under futures.

But do we hear much complaint from Australian growers? Well, there is the
general grumble about subsidies, but, in fact, this time the US export subsidy
is providing massive benefits.

Why? First, the marketing subsidy is holding the cotton futures market up at
very attractive levels. When cotton merchants buy cotton from Australian
growers, the prices paid are all based on the US cotton futures market. For
Australian growers, US cotton futures is the absolute market of price discovery.

Now, the export subsidy is to some extent counteracting the negative influence
of the Asian economic slowdown. In fact, cotton is one of the only commodity
markets that has been able to rally this year.

At the same time, the sharply lower $A has meant even higher $A cotton prices.
And, even better, the Australian basis has not been crushed by the marketing
certificates because its traditional competitor crop - the Californian (SJV)
cotton crop - been devastated by wet weather. This has held up the Californian
basis and as such the Australian basis.

Ironically, US subsidies have been a boon for Australian cotton growers - this
time around at least. Australian cotton growers have never made so much money.
They have been able to sell cotton from the last 1998 pick at prices over
$A600/bale.

But, even better, most cotton growers have guaranteed boom times for the next
two years as well. Forward prices of up to $A600/ bale have also been offered by
Australia's cotton merchants for 1999 cotton and 2000 cotton.

This is not going to last forever. The US will run out of funds some time
between October and January. It has about $US700 million to spend on the
marketing subsidy.

When the subsidy ends, so will the rally in the futures market. Moreover, when
the subsidy ends, the US can also import cotton. This should hit the US cotton
futures market hard.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Australian growers have never made so much money and have
forward sold at high prices. Picture: PALANI MOHAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             July 12, 1991, Friday

BILL TO END FOREIGN YARD SUBSIDIES ADVANCES TO FULL COMMITTEE IN HOUSE

BYLINE: WILLIAM DiBENEDETTO; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A House trade subcommittee Thursday made short work of legislation to fight
foreign shipbuilding subsidies, sending the bill to the House Ways and Means
Committee after approving some minor amendments.

Rep. Sam Gibbons, D-Fla., chairman of Ways and Means' Trade Subcommittee,
offered the technical amendments to his original bill. They were approved ithout
discussion.

He said the amendments address some of the concerns raised earlier this week
during a hearing. The bill requires shipyards to repay subsidies, shipowners to
certify that subsidies have been repaid, and if they don't comply, bars their
vessels from calling at U.S. ports.

The measure was introduced earlier this year to help push international talks on
a subsidy phase-out agreement - talks that have dragged on for over two years -
to a conclusion.

At the hearing, the Bush administration and a contingent of carrier
representatives raised objections to the bill, including the sanctions it would
impose against the shipowner rather the shipbuilder.

They also said the bill would undermine the international negotiations to phase
out shipyard subsidies.

The legislation now goes to the full committee. Consideration there has not been
scheduled, but observers speculated the panel might try to report it to the
House floor prior to the August recess.

The amendments approved by the subcommittee:

* Limit the time period for repayment of subsidy to a foreign government to two
years. After that, the repayment would go to the U.S. Treasury. The provision is
designed to prevent the recycling of subsidy money between shipyards and their
governments.

* Leave unaffected those subsidies paid to shipyards prior to March 21. That
provision does not include subsidies for repairs or conversions.

* Make the shipyard the "primary party of responsibility." If the shipyard does
not repay the subsidy, then the shipowner must.

* Make construction subsidy determinations by the Commerce Department publicly
available.

* Conform the definition of subsidy in the bill to the definition in the draft
text of the agreement under negotiation in the international talks at the
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1991 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Subsidy - We Weren't Bribed By Presidency, Says Saraki

BYLINE: Hammed Shittu, Mohammed Aminu and John Shiklam

LENGTH: 656 words


Mixed reaction continued to trail Federal Government's move to remove fuel
subsidy in the country.

While the Chairman, Senate Committee on Environment and Ecology, Senator Bukola
Saraki, described the allegation of bribery levelled against members of the
National Assembly by the presidency to support the withdrawal of fuel subsidy as
baseless and uncalled for, former Sokoto State governor, Alhaji Attahiru
Bafarawa, appealed to the Federal Government not to remove fuel subsidy in the
interest of peace and stability of the nation.

Similarly, the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA) also warned that if the Federal
Government goes ahead with its proposed removal of subsidy on petroleum
products, the country may be plunged into unimaginable socio-political
upheavals.

But Saraki, who represents Kwara Central Senatorial at the Senate, while
fielding questions from journalists, shortly after attending his 49th birthday
Monday special prayers held in Ilorin, said: "There is nothing like bribing the
National Assembly to support withdrawal of fuel subsidy. The president cannot do
that and I want to tell you that it is a baseless allegation. The Senate and the
House of Representatives have spoken, looking at the management of fuel subsidy,
we cannot be doing that if we have been bribed."

Saraki stated further that he initiated the bill to probe fuel subsidy to ensure
the welfare of the people of Nigeria.

On his part, Bafarawa, while speaking to journalists in Sokoto, maintained that
the removal of fuel subsidy would further worsen the living condition of the
people.

He wondered why the Federal Government was bent on removing the fuel subsidy,
when it was inevitable.

"There is so much insecurity, poverty, hardship and educational backwardness. So
removing oil subsidy will not augur well for the people," Bafarawa stressed.

The former governor added that he was forced by circumstances to leave the All
Nigeria People Party (ANPP) in 2006 because of acrimony and internal wrangling
within the party leadership.

"If you are principled, you will need to change direction, especially when your
supporters are in dire need of that. You see I never liked PDP because it is a
small scale industry where people get money through power and that is not the
reason I joined politics," added.

Meanwhile, President of the NBA, Mr. Joseph Daudu (SAN), at a news conference in
Kaduna, said the removal of the fuel subsidy would render millions of the people
perpetually poor and wretched while a few Nigerian oil tycoons would be
enriched.

He said the only way to avoid the bloody days that lie ahead was for the Federal
Government to design a seven-year, "staggered phased removal of petroleum
subsidy," pointing out that removing the subsidy at this time without a long
term plan was suspicious and anti people.

Daudu suggested that during the seven-year term, government must implement the
deregulation of downstream sector as conceptualised by the Obasanjo
administration, which he noted, included complete reactivation or turnaround of
all the four refineries in the country.

He maintained that the argument that the removal of the subsidy would give
ordinary Nigerians access to cheap petroleum products did not hold water, saying
that rather it would cripple the economy and make life difficult for the masses.

"In our view, raising the issue of fuel subsidy removal by government at this
stage was with respect, suspect. Nigerians will suffer, and unmanageable
socio-political upheavals will erupt, the magnitude not seen anywhere in the
world in recent times.

"Government appears adamant in the quest to remove this subsidy. The people are
equally resolved in its opposition to the removal of subsidy. Nigeria is up for
rough times ahead.

"The time has come for a final determination whether those in government derive
their power from the people or whether they are independent and owe their stay
in power to other entities other than the people."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Cut energy subsidies

BYLINE: The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 750 words



HIGHLIGHT: Reduced subsidies will create a more efficient, fairer energy market.



Economist Dr. David Lipton's recent paper, "Energy Subsidy Reform: The Way
Forward," is necessary reading if you want to know why the global economy is a
mess and why the U.S. economy - while improving - is recovering very slowly.

I believe Lipton's conclusions, based on his and International Money Fund's
research, can be fairly summarized and interpreted as follows:

1. Energy subsidies create significant economic, environmental and social
welfare problems, whether they are given to producers, suppliers or consumers
and whether they are provided by the U.S., other developed nations, or
developing nations.

2. Pre-tax subsidies, that is, when energy consumers pay less than the supply
cost of energy, are bad for developing or emerging countries. They are costly
and limit economic growth and the social welfare of their populations.

3. Pre-tax subsidies are not significant enough to cause extensive economic
difficulties in developed nations. But advanced nations provide extensive
post-tax subsidies that cause problems. Taxes are not large enough to account
for adverse effects of energy consumption.

4. Subsidized prices crowd out investment, including investment with respect to
economic growth, infrastructure, education, health care and social welfare

5. Subsidies result in skewed resource allocation and an overuse of subsidized
technologies. The post-tax subsidy for petroleum products in the U.S. totals
2.42 percent of GNP. It is only .27 percent for natural gas and .64 percent for
coal and, I believe, much, much less for other alternative fuels.

6. Subsidies increase energy consumption and as a result, pollutants and GHG
emissions. For example, 70-80 percent of the oil used in the U.S. is used for
transportation fuel. Gasoline derived from oil spews far more total GHG
emissions and other pollutants than other alternative fuels - even coal. Neither
coal nor gasoline ranks high as a clean energy source. Coal is dirtier, but its
use as a fuel is relatively small compared to gasoline.

7. Subsidies provide far more monetary benefits to the affluent among us than
they do to low-income groups. Higher-income groups use more energy per capita.
They drive bigger cars, drive more miles and buy more air conditioners for
larger houses. Presently in the U.S., the cost of gasoline at the pump accounts
for somewhere between 12 percent to 17 percent of low and moderate household
incomes - far more than for higher-income households.

In light of IMF's and Lipton's work, where do we go from here? Both suggest we
eliminate subsidies - not instantly, but gradually - to better absorb possible
related political, economic and social welfare problems.

Lipton emphasizes the need for transparency, public involvement and clear
information as well as solid analysis concerning the effect of reducing
subsidies, particularly on the "winners and losers."

He and the IMF are particularly concerned about the probable harm to the poor,
if energy prices, including the price of fuel, continue to rise because of the
devolution of subsidies. Both suggest targeted cash or near-cash transfers, such
as vouchers, as the best approach to avoid harm to low-income budgets.

I am not sure that the energy markets, particularly the present highly
restrictive, almost-monopolistic transportation fuel market will respond with
significant price increases, assuming a slow reduction of subsidies.

Other factors will likely have a more important impact, such as financial sector
speculation, tension in the Middle East and the health of the global economy.

While, over time, reduced subsidies will create a more efficient, and
ultimately, fairer and transparent energy market, I am not as sanguine as IMF
and Lipton concerning the global and, indeed, America's willingness to
strategically lower subsidies.

A reduction in subsidies will help make energy markets, including transportation
fuel markets, more efficient. They will become more equitable, if, as suggested
by IMF and Lipton, the possible advent of higher gas prices occurs parallel with
support for the poor. If implemented simultaneously with initiation of a more
open, competitive, fuel market, the U.S. and other developed nations would level
the playing field for transportation fuel and illustrate healthier economies,
lower transportation fuel prices, cleaner environments and increased security.

Lipton and his IMF colleagues deserve commendation for taking us to a road less
traveled. Marshall Kaplan is an adviser to Fuel Freedom Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Register illustration

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 29, 1987, Thursday

FOOD SUBSIDIES MUST BENEFIT POOR

BYLINE: JODI L. JACOBSON

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 825 words


The link between food supply and political stability is as old as history.
Egyptian pharaohs stored surplus grain as insurance against famine. Mexico's
first food policy was enacted in 1525 when the colonial government began
regulating urban wheat and maize prices. More recently, the policy of keeping
food prices low to offset poverty - and maintain stability - has become popular
throughout the Third World.

Higher food prices directly affect the real income of the poor. In Bangladesh
and Morocco, 75 percent of the budget of low-income families is pent on food
while in India and Indonesia that share is 83 percent.

Subsidies, the most common food policy, protect low-income groups from
fluctuating food prices. But for countries with growing populations, subsidies
carry prohibitive costs. Expenditures on food subsidies increased rapidly in the
'70s; slower economic growth and smaller budgets in the '80s mean that a larger
share of national income is devoted to subsidies. Many governments find that
they are economically unable to maintain subsidies, but politically unable to
reduce them.

Since 1981, food-related riots precipitated by reductions in subsidies have
occurred in more than a dozen countries, including Sudan, Morocco, Egypt, the
Philippines and Brazil.

Policies regulating food prices and wages have been key factors in the process
of industrialization. In Zambia, for example, such policies were used to
encourage growth in the copper-mining industry. Maize prices for European
farmers were set at three times the level of those for native farmers,
immediately changing income prospects for the two groups. Discouraged from
farming by low prices, large numbers of native farmers sought work in mining
towns, where consumer food prices were heavily subsidized.

When copper prices fell dramatically in the '70s so did government revenues.
Neither has recovered. Population growth is straining a diminishing job market
and increasing the number of Zambians dependent on low-cost foods. But a budget
crisis forced the government to cut maize subsidies, sparking riots in December
1986. Although Zambian President Kenneth Kaunda restored the subsidies, he noted
that they would "divert money that Zambia should spend on development of public
services."

In many countries, political stability is now determined by the price of bread.
Not surprisingly, the need for subsidies is often exacerbated by declining per
capita incomes and agricultural production. In Mexico, where real wages have
declined by a fifth since 1980, fiscal stringencies have forced the government
to eliminate subsidies on tortillas, the cornmeal food staple.

Egypt, whose 50 million people make it the most populous Arab country, also is
in a deepening economic crisis that is generating political unrest. One of the
most politically sensitive issues in Egypt today is the food subsidy and the
growing economic pressures to reduce it. As recently as 1968, Egypt was
four-fifths self-sufficient in grain production; in 1986, imports supplied over
half the grain consumed at a cost of over $ 2 billion.

Several factors limit the potential success of food subsidy programs. To meet
standards of equity and efficiency, subsidies must directly benefit a target
group. In many countries, however, including Egypt, Zambia and Sudan, food
subsidies are available to the population at large at high fiscal cost.

How can government simultaneously reduce subsidy burdens and maintain stability?
Tailoring str ategies to the food needs of a specific population is a good way
to start. The World Bank has found that targeted food strategies are more
cost-effective and produce fewer disincentives to domestic agriculture.

In the early '70s, the Sri Lankan government discovered that for every extra
calorie consumed by the malnourished population under its subsidy program, 13
calories were reaching non-deficit groups. Changing to a targeted food stamp
program in 1980 reduced outlays on food distribution from 14 percent to 15
percent of total government expenditures within two years.

Subsidies should be limited to staples that make up a significant share of
calories consumed by low-income groups. Subsidizing foods most important to poor
people immediately enhances their calorie intake and reduces the share of their
disposable income spent on food, but doesn't subsidize higher income groups. In
Brazil, for instance, a greater emphasis on rice as opposed to beef subsidies
would reduce government expenditures and more adequately address the food needs
of the poor.

Reducing subsidies and building food security are not incompatible goals.
Undoubtedly, most governments face political pressure to maintain subsidies for
a variety of reasons. But the combination of external debts, population
pressures, and declining budgets mandate action. Fine-tuning food policies to
reach those truly in need is the necessary first step.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Jodi L. Jacobson is a researcher at Worldwatch Institute in
Washington,

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

A LOAD OF CROP While taxes rise, some NY millionaires get paid to farm - or even
just own - empty land

BYLINE: Noreen O'Donnell and

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 756 words


'Some of these people in Manhattan are about as far away from farmers as one
could imagine.' - farm-subsidy watchdog Craig Cox

These New Yorkers are raking in the green.

More than 1,500 city residents are getting federal farm subsidies, 374 on the
Upper East Side alone.

The recipients include some "farmers" who already have their own well-cultivated
money trees, among them Mark F. Rockefeller.

"That should really make people wonder what on earth has happened to the farm
program," said Craig Cox, senior vice president for agriculture and natural
resources at the Environmental Working Group, which maintains a national
database of farm-subsidy recipients.

"Payments are going to people in Manhattan who simply have invested in farmland
and are about as far away from farmers as one could imagine."

Rockefeller, a fourth-generation member of the family and the younger son of
late Vice President Nelson Rockefeller, has gotten $342,634 in taxpayer handouts
from 2001 through 2011 for thousands of acres of unused farmland he owns in
Bonneville County, Idaho. The payments are made so that he does not farm, to
allow the land to return to its natural state.

Nearby, Rockeller, a partner in investment firm Rockefeller Consulting/Insight
Capitalists and a former director of the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation,
owns an upscale fly-fishing resort where a three-day stay starts at $3,835.

Rockefeller did not respond to a request for comment.

His subsidy is for conservation purposes. Other subsidies come in the form of
disaster payments, which allow farmers to recoup losses from drought, frost,
hurricanes or tornadoes, or commodity payments, to regulate the prices for crops
such as corn, soybeans and wheat.

Other rich and famous New Yorkers receiving farm subsidies include cosmetics
heir Leonard Lauder and corporate-takeover king Henry Kravis. But both men got
their subsidies indirectly through investments they made - Lauder in Horizon
Dairy, which makes organic milk, and Kravis in an 8,120-acre working ranch
southwest of Chico, Calif., that produces almonds, dried plums, walnuts and
rice.

Among New York City's other top recipients are the managing director at Wells
Fargo, W. Phillip Walsh; Dina Shapiro Fried on the Upper East Side, whose
husband owns a development company, and Ricardo L. Rengifo, a Queens
neurologist.

Walsh received $344,493, mostly in conservation subsidies, from 2002 through
2011 for 425 acres of farmland in Winnebago County, Ill., where he is from.

Fried is one of four Shapiros who together own a farm in upstate Slate Hill
through an LLC. They received a total of $826,406 in commodity and conservation
subsidies from 1999 through 2010.

Rengifo got $591,315 in subsidies from 1995 through 2011 for a 1,400-acre farm
in Alabama for which he received direct subsidies for wheat and conservation.

Walsh could not be reached. Fried and Rengifo did not return phone messages.

Sen. Thomas Coburn (R-Okla.) issued a report a year ago, "Subsidies of the Rich
and Famous," that found $316 million in farm subsidies going to millionaires
across the country.

"The government's social safety net, which has long existed to catch those who
are down and help them get back up, is now being used as a hammock by some
millionaires, some who are paying less taxes than average middle class
families," he wrote.

Congress has tried to rein in payments to the wealthy and in October 2011 the
Senate voted to end direct payments to anyone with an income of more than $1
million, but the House never approved the measure.

Buried in last week's deal to avoid hurtling over the fiscal cliff was an
extension of the Farm Bill that will give Congress time to debate its food and
farm policies, but for now continues the subsidies for gentlemen "farmers."

LIFE on the farm has never been so good, as arcane subsidies line the pockets of
plutocrats.

n Mark Rockefeller (above), Westchester, Manhattan

Consultant, son of late VP Nelson Rockefeller

Owns thousands of acres of unused farmland in Bonneville County, Idaho.

Received $342,634 in subsidies to primarily not farm his land from 2001 to 2011

n W. Phillip Walsh

Financial District

Financial adviser

Owns 425 acres of farmland in Winnebago County, Ill.

Received $344,493 in subsidies from 2002 through 2011

n Ricardo L. Rengifo

Neurologist, Queens

Owns 1,400 acres of farmland in Alabama

Received $591,315 in subsidies from 1995 through 2011

Source: Environmental Working Group

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Rockefeller pruning money tree. (Post photo illustration)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 26, 2015 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Health Care Subsidies Are at Risk for Recipients Who Didn't File Returns

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 965 words


WASHINGTON --  Tens of thousands of people with modest incomes are at risk of
losing health insurance subsidies in January because they did not file income
tax returns, federal officials and consumer advocates say.

Under federal rules, anyone who receives an insurance subsidy must file a tax
return to verify that the person was eligible and received the proper amount of
financial assistance based on household income.

When the federal insurance marketplace opens for the third enrollment season
next Sunday, users will see a new question: ''Did your household file a 2014 tax
return and reconcile any premium tax credit you used?''

If the answer to that question is no, consumers risk losing the subsidies they
receive to help pay premiums. Without such assistance, many would find insurance
unaffordable.

Many of the people potentially affected have incomes so low that they would not
otherwise have to file tax returns. But if they received insurance subsidies in
2014, they were required to file this year.

In July, the Internal Revenue Service said 710,000 people who had received
subsidies under the Affordable Care Act had not filed tax returns and had not
requested more time to do so.

If those people do not return to the marketplace this fall, they may be
automatically re-enrolled in the same or similar health plans at full price. And
when they receive an invoice from the insurance company next year, they may be
shocked to see that their subsidies have been cut to zero.

Erin M. Lackey, 41, of Jacksonville, Vt., was one of many people who received
letters from the I.R.S. saying they were at risk of losing their tax credits.

Her mother, Ruth J. O'Hearn, a nurse who helps her daughter with insurance
matters, described her own reaction.

''At first, I was angry,'' Ms. O'Hearn said. ''Then I felt frustration and fear.
You can't be without insurance. Without the subsidy, health insurance would be
unaffordable. Without insurance, the cost of medical care would be
unaffordable.''

The I.R.S. also said 760,000 taxpayers had received subsidies and filed returns
but had not attached the required form comparing the subsidies paid with the
amount they were entitled to receive. Taxpayers describe that document, I.R.S.
Form 8962, as daunting.

''The premium tax credit form, the dreaded 8962, is really hard,'' said Eileen
P. Duggan, a piano teacher and freelance writer in Maplewood, Mo., outside St.
Louis, who filed the form with her tax return. ''It's enough to make you cry,
that form. It was almost impossible to figure out.''

The federal government provides subsidies in the form of tax credits, which
cover about 70 percent of premiums, on average. The I.R.S. commissioner, John A.
Koskinen, said 97 percent of people who received such assistance claimed it in
advance, before filing their taxes. The amount of the subsidy is based in part
on how much income the recipient expects to have in the coming year.

Two-thirds of people using the federal exchange have incomes less than twice the
poverty level (less than $23,540 a year for an individual).

On their tax returns, consumers must compare the tax credits they received based
on their projected income with the amount they were legally eligible to receive
based on their actual income. If they received more than they were entitled to,
they must pay back the excess, and the government can deduct it from their tax
refunds.

Conversely, some consumers are entitled to larger tax subsidies than they
received in advance. As a result, they owe less in taxes and may receive larger
refunds.

''A substantial number of people are at risk for losing their health insurance
subsidies for 2016,'' said Christine Speidel, a tax lawyer at Vermont Legal Aid.

Ms. Speidel identified three groups of people at risk: those who did not file a
tax return; those who filed a return without the correct form to reconcile
advance payments of the premium tax credit; and those who filed and reconciled
this fall, too late for the information to be made available to health insurance
exchanges before the open enrollment period.

The exchanges help decide if people are eligible for subsidies. They also
estimate the proper amount and arrange for advance payments.

The I.R.S. sent letters this summer to more than a million people who had
received advance payments but had not filed tax returns, including some who had
filed for an extension.

''If you do not file a 2014 tax return,'' the letters said, ''you will be
responsible for the full cost of your monthly premiums and all covered
services'' in 2016, and the government may try to recoup some or all of the
subsidies paid in advance in 2014.

The I.R.S. told consumers to file their tax returns as soon as possible to
protect their eligibility for insurance subsidies. If consumers filed their
returns late, it may cause an interruption in subsidy payments.

People who lose their subsidies on Jan. 1 may, in some cases, have them restored
if they go to HealthCare.gov, attest to having filed tax returns for 2014, and
are found eligible for financial assistance before the open enrollment period
ends on Jan. 31. However, if consumers take these steps in the last two weeks of
January, their subsidies will not resume until March 1, officials said.

If consumers attest, under penalty of perjury, that they filed their tax
returns, and if they select health plans by Dec. 15, they can keep subsidies for
coverage starting Jan. 1.

The Obama administration and a small army of insurance counselors are getting
ready to assist people who may lose subsidies because they failed to ''file and
reconcile'' their 2014 tax credits.

Follow the New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/26/us/politics/thousands-who-didnt-file-tax-retur
ns-may-lose-health-care-subsidies.html

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              June 10, 2013 Monday

Senate's new farm bill will waste billions on subsidies, critics say;
Crop insurance subsidies help farmers survive tough years, all agree. But
critics say they are much too generous - and Congress could increase them
further in its new farm bill.

BYLINE: Richard Mertens Correspondent

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1176 words


To deficit hawks and critics of American farm policy, they are a clear example
of wasteful government spending, lavishly rewarding farmers beyond what is
necessary or fiscally prudent.

To many farmers, they are crucial to American agriculture - a safety net that
enabled them survive the worst drought in at least a quarter-century last year.

Crop-insurance subsidies were until recently a barely noticed part of US farm
policy. But with their cost soaring and Congress under pressure to cut spending,
they have become one of most contentious issues in the farm bill, a hugely
complicated and expensive piece of legislation that the Senate is debating this
week and that will set American farm policy for the next five years.

In the broader debate, last year's drought has become a subject of differing
interpretations. Did generous payouts to farmers show that the system was
working? Or did it prove that farmers have become too cozy on the public dime?

For now, Congress appears to support the subsidies. Efforts in the Senate to
restrict subsidies have so far mostly failed, and proposals in the House and
Senate are increasing them by as much as $1 billion a year. The Senate is
expected to pass its bill Monday afternoon.

Last year, farmers bought insurance for 282 million acres of American farmland.
Most of the premiums - an average of 62 percent - were paid by taxpayers.
Three-quarters of the insurance subsidies go to four crops: corn, cotton,
soybeans, and wheat. And with crop prices rising, both premiums and subsidies
have been increasing to keep pace. A program that cost the federal government
between $2.1 billion and $3.9 billion from 2000 to 2007 last year rose to $14
billion.

Insurance companies and many farm groups have fought hard to preserve the
subsidies. They argue that the subsidies help boost local economies, save
farmers, and eliminate the need for federal disaster assistance in bad years.

"Last year proved that the mission was accomplished," says Mary Kay Thatcher,
senior director of congressional relations with the American Farm Bureau
Federation in Washington. "It was a terrible year, and we had no calls for
disaster assistance." Without current subsidies, she says, crop insurance "would
be so expensive it would be unaffordable."

Subsidies are popular in farm country, too. "Right now the feeling is really
good about crop insurance in 2012," says Paul Taylor, a corn and soybean farmer
in Esmond, Ill., and president of the Illinois Corn Growers Association.

The drought hit the Corn Belt hard last year, but farmers still did well because
they were able to sell their reduced crop at higher prices. In addition, the
insurance payments they received for their losses were often based on
drought-inflated prices.

Richard Gates, who farms about 1,000 acres in Carmi, Ill., lost 80 percent of
his corn crop. Still, he says he earned as much profit as he would have if the
drought had never happened.

"It means you can keep farming," he says. "If you didn't have it, it would have
been difficult to go out and borrow money to put in a crop this year."

Cadillac plans?

But critics like Bruce Babcock, an agricultural economist at Iowa State
University in Ames and an architect of today's crop insurance programs, argue
that too-generous subsidies have warped the system he helped create, encouraging
farmers to buy "Cadillac" plans that give them more coverage than they need.

"Almost all of them have Cadillac insurance," he says. "If they had yield
shortfalls, then they made a lot of money."

For years, critics of the US farm policy focused on eliminating direct payments,
some of which paid farmers in both good years and bad. These payments have
become increasingly difficult to justify in the face of record farm income and
worry over the federal budget deficit.

"Most people have a really hard time justifying to friends and relatives why
they should get a federal payment when they have had record profits," says Mr.
Taylor of the direct payments.

This year, direct payments are likely to be cut from the farm bill. But versions
of the legislation in both the House and Senate would pour most of the savings -
more than $4 billion a year - back into other programs, including more generous
insurance subsidies. Both versions of the farm bill would also cut funding for
conservation and food stamps.

Limits on subsidies, or no subsidies at all, are favored by conservative
organizations, such as the Heritage Foundation and Taxpayers for Common Sense,
which are looking for ways to reduce the federal budget. Liberal farm groups say
unlimited subsidies favor larger operations at the expense of family farms. And
environmental groups argue that some of the billions spent on insurance
subsidies could be better spent on conservation and other programs.

"The expensive cost of these programs is really cutting into our ability to fund
other parts of the farm program, such as research, conservation, and rural
development," says Craig Cox, senior vice president of the Environmental Working
Group, a Washington-based environmental organization that has been a vigorous
critic of farm subsidies. "A lot of the farm program that has substantial public
benefit is being cut because of poor priorities."

Some smaller farmers concede that in good years they could probably pay for crop
insurance themselves.

"It's a great product," says Kevin Raun, a farmer in Minden, Neb., who received
some insurance money last year for a partial loss of his corn crop. "I'm just
saying that when prices are good, we can afford to pay our premiums."

Why subsidies persist

Yet some critics of the subsidies concede that some federal support for crop
insurance is probably necessary. Without subsidies, they say, many farmers would
not buy insurance at all, especially in parts of the country where farming is
less risky, such as the central Midwest. This would drive up premiums for
farmers who live where farming is riskier, such as the Dakotas, and who need
insurance more badly.

The Senate farm bill contains modest limits that would reduce insurance
subsidies to farmers earning more than $750,000 a year. Advocates of
still-greater restrictions, such as limiting subsidies to $40,000 per farmer,
have so far been rebuffed. The House, which is expected to take up its own farm
bill later this month, will be starting with a version that cuts food stamps
more deeply and offers more generous support to farmers, especially cotton
farmers in the South.

Attempts to reduce farm subsidies have often languished because of the influence
of powerful farm groups, agribusiness interests, and farm-state representatives.
Change is also difficult because of the inclusion in the farm bill of food
stamps and other nutrition programs, which enjoy the support of urban
constituencies.

"These are very common-sense reforms," says Sheila Karpf, a farm policy analyst
with the Washington-based Taxpayers for Common Sense and the daughter of
Nebraska corn and soybean farmers. "In the end, they don't pass. Special
interests get in the way. It happens again and again."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Govt to bear entire LPG subsidy for FY16

BYLINE: Siddhartha P Saikia, Prasanta Sahu

LENGTH: 848  words


In a strong push to upstream oil companies, the government has decided to bear
the entire domestic cooking gas subsidy in 2015-16, report Siddhartha P Saikia &
Prasanta Sahu in New Delhi. The upstream players would, however, have to bear a
part of the kerosene subsidy, officials in the ministries of petroleum and
finance told FE.

Though companies like ONGC, Oil India and Gail India have long asked for removal
of the subsidy burden on them, the immediate trigger for the move is to make the
atmosphere conducive for the proposed sale of 5% stake in ONGC. Based on average
crude oil price of $60/barrel, LPG subsidy for FY16 is estimated at R18,000
crore and assuming crude at $70/barrel, it could be in the vicinity of R25,000
crore.

(http://www.financialexpress.com/article/economy/govt-to-bear-entire-lpg-subsidy
-for-fy16/64382/attachment/lpg-3/)

For kerosene, the under-recovery burden is expected to be around Rs 13,000 crore
assuming average crude oil price at $60/barrel and it could go up to Rs 16,500
crore if crude price moves northwards to around $70/barrel. In FY14, the
under-recovery on kerosene stood at Rs 30,575 crore while it was Rs 46,458 crore
for LPG.

"The government will bear the full cash subsidy on LPG while the under-recovery
on kerosene will be shared with upstream companies," one of the officials said.
He said the budget allocation of Rs 30,000 crore (Rs 22,000 crore for LPG and Rs
8,000 crore for kerosene) should be enough to meet fuel subsidy bill in this
fiscal.

ONGC, Oil India and GAIL (India) - forked out Rs 42,822 crore for the oil
subsidy in FY15. The government paid another Rs 27,409 crore towards
compensating OMCs. The subsidy burden on upstream oil companies had increased
from Rs 32,000 crore (30% of the total under-recovery) in 2008-09 to Rs 67,021
crore (48% of the total subsidy bill) in FY14.

Finance minister Arun Jaitley in his Union Budget for 2015-16 estimated
petroleum subsidy at Rs 30,000 crore, 50.22% less compared with the revised
estimate of Rs 60,270.00 crore for 2014-15. The 2015-16 Budget estimated India's
subsidy bill at Rs 2.43 lakh crore, around 9% below the revised estimate of
Rs.2.66 lakh crore for 2014-15. The reduction has been aided by the fall in the
price of crude oil, the decontrol of diesel and the direct benefit transfer
scheme for disbursing LPG subsidy.

The success of 5% disinvestment in India's largest explorer ONGC is vital for
the Narendra Modi-led government to meet its ambitious disinvestment target of
Rs 69,500 crore. Last year, ONGC held 'non-deal' roadshows across Boston, San
Francisco, New York and Singapore, among others. The investors raised concerns
on whopping fuel subsidy burden of ONGC, which is forcing the PSU to utilise
funds from its cash reserve to meet capital expenditure programme. "Overall, it
is sentimentally positive for upstream companies like ONGC, Oil India and GAIL.
However, looking at the current weak crude oil price scenario which implies
lower realisation, we don't foresee benefits of lower under recoveries to
upstream companies. As we have highlighted earlier that subsidy sharing clarity
is the only catalyst to drive the stock performance of upstream companies. If
the government comes up with the firm notification on the said points than we
could consider this a positive move and a step towards subsidy sharing clarity
for upstream companies," said Dhaval Joshi, analyst with brokerage Emkay Global
Financial Services.

Exemption from subsidy bill would come as a big respite for flagship explorer
ONGC. In the last fiscal, the Maharatna firm sold every barrel of crude oil for
$ 106.72. However, it has to bear a subsidy of $ 65.75/barrel to compensate
state-owned oil marketing companies leading to a net realisation of just $ 40.97
a barrel.

With the sustained subsidy burden in the last few fiscals, a large part of the
ONGC's cash reserves painstakingly built up over the years has been consumed.
Over the past decade, the PSU explorer had de-leveraged the balance sheet and
stood up as almost a zero-debt company. An upstream company needs a strong
internal cash position to develop its assets, especially for capital-intensive
deepwater acreages as well as to fund overseas acquisitions.

In line with the trend of the last few years, ONGC's cash reserves depleted by
another 24% to around Rs 10,000 crore by the end of FY14 from the level a year
ago.This was even as the state-run firm squeezed capital spending for the year
by about 15% from the planned Rs 35,000 crore and just Rs 3,200 crore from the
reserves were used for exploration/production expenditure. The reduction in the
cash position was also due to an outgo of Rs 4,000 crore to convert some
unfunded liabilities - in relation to leave encashment and post-retirement
benefits to employees - into funded liabilities. ONGC's cash reserves stood at a
record Rs 25,000 crore at the end of FY11.

For Updates Check Economy News
(http://www.financialexpress.com/section/economy/); follow us on Facebook
(http://www.facebook.com/thefinancialexpress) and Twitter
(http://twitter.com/financialxpress)

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Maharashtra sugar mills still await subsidy claims for 2007-09

BYLINE: Nanda Kasabe

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: Pune


Sugar mills in Maharashtra are hoping for some succour with raw sugar export
subsidy claims made for 2013-14 season likely to be released by the Centre by
this month end. However, millers are still awaiting subsidy payments for 2007-08
and 2008-09 seasons as there is no provision for payments beyond the allotted
quota, senior officials said.

This time as well the announcement regarding the export subsidy of R4,000 per
tonne has come in late. According to Sanjeev Babar, MD, Maharashtra State
Cooperative Sugar Factories Federation (MSCSFF), of the total subsidy bill
submitted by mills for R200 crore, the Centre has cleared documents of mills for
subsidy claims of around R130 crore.

These payments are likely to be cleared by the end of the month, Babar told FE.
However, payments for claims made for subsidy for the period 2007-09 are still
pending with the Centre, he said. "The government in this period had announced a
quota of about 60 lakh tonne which was to be given on a 'first come first serve'
basis. However, the mills who came in later are not being considered eligible
for subsidy on the grounds that there is no legal provision  for clearing these
payments," he explained. As many as 9 sugar factories are planning to approach
the Bombay High Court on this issue, he said.

This year, factories have been struggling with cane payments. Of the total cane
payments of R12,960 crore, the arrears are in the tune of R2,620 crore. Millers
have been waiting for subsidy amounts to make cane payments, industry officials
said.

In  November last year, sugar factories in Maharashtra had put up a bill of R140
crore to the Centre seeking claims against the export subsidy granted by the
government for the period 2007-08. Mills in the state  had claimed that these
bills have been pending with the government for the last three years. They had
also been seeking an extension on the subsidy for the current season on the
grounds that it will be easier to make cane payments to farmers if this issue is
resolved.

MSCSFF chairman Vijaysinh Mohite Patil had met Union food minister Ram Vilas
Paswan and urged him to look into the long pending issue of claims on subsidy
given on raw sugar exports.

According to Babar, the export subsidy for the period 2007-08 was R1,350 per
tonne on a total amount of 60 lakh tonne. According to information received from
the Centre by federation officials, some 1,235 claims with estimates of around
R805.17 crore are pending with the government. The Centre is reported to have
processed claims for R60 lakh and is yet to take a decision on the remaining
claims, senior officials said.

Around 106 factories from Maharashtra had submitted a list of 386 claims and
petitions of 9 sugar mills are being heard in various courts The subsidy scheme,
which was announced by the then UPA government in February last year, ended in
September. The Centre had in February announced a subsidy for export of raw
sugar up to 4 million tonne during 2013-14 and 2014-15 marketing years
(October-September) in order to help the cash-starved industry to clear arrears
to sugarcane farmers.It had fixed the subsidy at R3,300 per tonne for
February-March and decided to review it every two months.

The incentive was reduced to R2,277 per tonne for April-May and the same was
reinstated at R3,300 per tonne by new food minister Ram Vilas Paswan. For
August-September, the subsidy was R3,371 per tonne.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 22, 2002 Saturday

U.S. farm subsidies may 'very well be legal' at WTO, Pettigrew says

BYLINE: STEVEN CHASE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Trade Minister Pierre Pettigrew acknowledged yesterday that rising U.S. farm
subsidies "might very well be legal at the [World Trade Organization]" -
comments that made him appear to be inching away from Canadian government
threats to challenge the handouts at the global trade body.

"We are checking that and we will be working with our partners," Mr. Pettigrew
told the House of Commons. But a spokesman for his office said Ottawa is by no
means ruling out a challenge yet.

Mr. Pettigrew told the Commons that Canada believes the subsidies are wrong
regardless.

"Whether the American subsidies are legal or not, what the government is saying
is that they are illegitimate," he told the House.

Sébastien Théberge, a spokesman for the minister, said Canada is not yet
"closing the door on a challenge" of the U.S. handouts.

Mr. Théberge said Canada and its agriculture partners around the world must
study how the subsidies are implemented first.

Mr. Pettigrew told the House that the Americans are reneging on a commitment at
the last major WTO meeting in Qatar where all countries pledged to cut
trade-distorting subsidies.

"We made a commitment at Doha, and the United States was there, to eliminate
export subsidies and to reduce substantially domestic subsidies. That is what
the Americans are not doing."

The European Union, Brazil and Australia have joined Canada in saying they are
considering a challenge of the U.S. farm aid increase at the WTO. Canadian
ministers have repeatedly said they will challenge the subsidies if possible but
have said they need to study them first.

The U.S. farm bill that was approved by the White House last month will put
$190-billion (U.S.) into the pockets of U.S. farmers over the next decade. U.S.
officials have defended the assistance as being within WTO rules.

Critics of U.S. and European farm subsidies say the handouts depress global
commodity prices. It's been estimated this assistance hurts Canadian farmers to
the tune of $1.3-billion (Canadian) a year.

The Canadian government Thursday announced farmers will get more than
$2.7-billion in new money over the next six years to help them cope with
challenges in the marketplace. Ottawa has however shied away from acknowledging
any of this is trade-injury compensation for fear of setting a precedent for
help.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2002 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

No decision on subsidy to raw sugar export: Paswan

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 20 -- The Government is yet to decide on extending the subsidy
onexports of raw sugar for the 2014-15 marketing year that started in October,
Food Minister Ram Vilas Paswan today said.

In February this year, the Centre had announced a subsidy for exports of raw
sugar up to 4 million tonnes in order to help the cash-starved industry clear
sugarcane arrears to farmers. The subsidy scheme ended in September 2014.

"No decision has been taken as of now to extend the export subsidy," Paswan told
reporters here.

The minister said that status quo remains as far as the subsidy issue is
concerned.

The subsidy was originally fixed at Rs 3,300 per tonne for February-March and
the Centre had decided to review the quantum of subsidy every two months.

Incentive was reduced to Rs 2,277 per tonne for April-May and the same was
reinstated at Rs 3,300 per tonne for June- July.

For August-September, the subsidy was hiked to Rs 3,371 per tonne.

Under the export incentive scheme, India had exported 7 lakh tonnes of raw sugar
in 2013-14 marketing year (October- September).

Last month, a top food ministry official said that the government would consider
extending subsidy on exports of raw sugar after assessing the production
estimates for the current 2014-15 marketing year and sugarcane arrears to
farmers.

Paswan said, the total sugarcane arrears to farmers in the country till November
18 this year have come down to Rs 4,300 crore from Rs 14,095 crore in May-end.

Maximum cane arrears remained in Uttar Pradesh, the country's second biggest
producing state.

The amount has come down to Rs 1,600 crore from Rs 4,500 crore in May this year,
he added.

Recently, Paswan had told PTI in an interview that "the government is open to
extending export subsidy on raw sugar".

However, the government is yet to decide whether to continue the export subsidy
in the current marketing year amid fall in global prices, making the exports
unviable.

Sugar production of India, the world's second largest producer after Brazil, has
increased by 22 per cent to 5.6 lakh tonnes till November 15 of the current
2014-15 season as compared with 4.62 lakh tonnes in the year-ago period,
according to industry body ISMA.

The government has pegged overall sugar output at 250.5 lakh tonnes for this
season, while the ISMA has estimated the production at 250-255 lakh tonnes.

The production estimates for the current marketing year are higher than 244 lakh
tonnes of sugar produced in 2013-14.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2014 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 July 14, 2014

Senate and Politics of Fuel Subsidy Removal

BYLINE: Jonathan Nda-Isaiah

LENGTH: 1263 words


Fuel Subsidy removal has been a contentious issue depending on the side of the
divide one belongs to. JONATHAN NDA -ISAIAH writes on the politics of the
Senate's rejection of the removal of fuel subsidy

Six weeks after the senate committee on finance chaired by Senator Ahmed Makarfi
submitted its report to the Upper House on the unremitted $49.8 billion by the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), the Senate last week, debated
the report extensively and rejected the total removal of subsidy.

Recall that in 2012, President Goodluck Jonathan removed subsidy on the grounds
that it will save the country N.1.134 trillion which he claimed will be used to
develop infrastructural development which would in turn lead to the creation of
job opportunities .

Subsidy has been defined as aids directly granted by government to an individual
or private commercial enterprise deemed beneficial to the public. It is also a
grant or gift of money from a government to a private company, organization, or
charity to help it function.

In relation to fuel subsidy, it can be said to mean the financial aid granted to
autonomous and foremost oil marketers by the government for them to supply their
products at a cheaper rate for the benefit of the masses.

This move is always aimed at boosting the economy of a country, providing social
amenities for the people, stabilizing the market, creation of employment
opportunities.

The president argued that a cabal of Nigerian businessmen were benefiting from
the fuel subsidy regime. But Nigerians resisted the move as they took to the
streets to protest what they perceived as government's injustice to the poor
masses. Their argument was that the timing was wrong.

Regardless, even though one of the recommendations of the Makarfi committee's
report was that that subsidy should be removed, most senators argued that it
should be sustained. Rather, they argued, those found to be benefiting illegally
from the subsidy regime should be punished

On his part Senate President David Mark called for caution and insisted that if
it has to go, the masses should be sensitised enough to know the benefits and
otherwise of the move.

"On the issue of subsidy, I want to appeal that we should not pitch ourselves
against the public opinion. If subsidy has to be removed, there must be public
enlightenment and education so that facts would be made available to the people
and then public opinion at the end of the day will count.

"If we sit here now and say remove subsidy, I think those who are benefitting
from subsidy are very powerful and tomorrow they would influence media report
and twist it to create an impression that senate is anti-people.

"If the subsidy has to go, I don't have problems with that but let us sensitise
the people over a very long period of time so that everybody will be carried
along and everybody will be on board and we then we can take a final decision on
the issue of subsidy because the recommendations are far reaching," Mark said.

In his contribution, Senator Abdul Ningi said his spirit was dampened by the
report because it revealed how the NNPC spent money without appropriation.

He disagreed with Senators Ayogu Eze, and Heineken Lopobiri, who called for the
scrapping of the subsidy regime on the ground that the regime was only oiling
the business interest of some influential businessmen. Ningi's argument was that
following that line would affect the masses.

Senator Smart Adeyemi while saying the allegation of missing funds was made to
score some political points however called for a synergy among the agencies
handling oil funds. He said there are abuses in the way and manner proceeds from
oil sales are being managed.

According to him, the disbursement and application of money not appropriated for
is a breach of the constitution and anyone caught in the act should be
disciplined.

He said; "on the issue of subsidy, it is the only thing that is left for the
country, those who have been accused of abusing the subsidy should be prosecuted
because I will not support the subsidy removal.

"At the same time, the nation's refineries deserve a second look because those
behind the continued non-functional state of the refineries are those who were
implementing the subsidy regime. We need to know the names of the directors of
companies who are enjoying subsidy.

Senator Kabiru Marafa, suggested that the report be further studied by members,
stressing that the report was perfectly carried out without political bias.

He, however, said those indicted by the report should be sanctioned in line with
the transformation agenda of President Jonathan.

"Justice must be uniform. Since the leadership of the Central Bank of Nigeria
was asked to stay aside, those of the NNPC and the Ministry of Finance were not
sanctioned," he submitted.

Also contributing to the report, Senator Helen Esuene said the joint venture
deal in the Nigeria oil and gas sector was counter-productive. She said private
operatives should be allowed to work while government collects royalties.

She equally wondered why Nigerians could not build refineries in Nigeria but has
to be travelling abroad to get refined fuel. She said the country should rather
subsidize production of the product instead of subsidising the finished product.

Senator Mohammed Tukur, said the committee should be allowed to do further work
and recommended and that the agencies managing the money should be made to face
the music

But Senator Solomon Ewuga took his argument from another flank as he suggested
the immediate passage of the Petroleum Industry Bill in order to address the rot
in the industry.

On the whole, the senate approved other recommendations directing that the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) should refund to the Federation
Account, the total sum of $262million being the balance of the gross lifting
under the third party financing oil deal.

The senators also confirmed that there was no $49.8 billion missing in the oil
fund as alleged by the former governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN),
Sanusi Lamido Sanusi.

Nonetheless, they also directed that inter-agencies reconciliation meetings
between institutions such as the Ministry of Finance, NNPC, CBN and the Federal
Inland Revenue Service (FIRS) should be done on regular basis.

Such regular meetings among those sensitive economic institutions, they contend,
would prevent a recurrence of these confusing allegations and ensure that "all
revenues were properly and legally accounted for."

However, the senate rejected the committee's proposal to accept the N813.8
billion subsidy deductions by the NNPC from January 2012 to July 2013, since it
was certified by the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) and
appropriated for by the National Assembly. It instead accepted that the subsidy
deducted by the NNPC to the tune of N180 billion for the fourth quarter of 2011,
was also certified by the PPPRA and appropriated by the National Assembly.

The NNPC was also advised not pay their operational expenditures directly from
the Federation Fund without appropriation by the National Assembly. The senators
in the same vein asked the oil corporation to strictly adhere to international
best practises in keeping records, but cautioned that the NNPC should not
control the revenue account of Nigerian Petroleum Development Company (NPDC) so
as not to undermine its separate legal status and make accountability more
difficult. The NNPC was also advised to ensure due process in its handling of
financial transactions as far as proceeds from oil sales are concerned.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday

Iran's targeted subsidy plan offers "no benefit" to common people - paper

LENGTH: 1376 words


Text of commentary by Nader Hushmandyar headlined "Cash payment of subsidies: a
suitable political strategy" published by Iranian newspaper E'temad-e Melli on 5
February

Due to the lasting quality of certain economic problems, these have turned into
basic characteristics of our economy. So much so that we have come to believe
that there is no way to transcend these problems and we should just get used to
them. Subsidies are one such problems of the Iranian economy that have emerged
in various forms, even before the revolution.

Although examples of cash subsidies can be found in various forms in all
countries of the world but the volume and the amount of these subsidies
corresponds to the size of the economy. The goal of subsidies is also important
as it leads to either a negative or a positive outcome on the country's economy.

This subject, which all governments after the Iran-Iraq war had to deal with,
was appropriately planned under the government of Hashemi-Rafsanjani [chairman
of the Expediency Council] and Khatami [former Iran President]. The ninth
government's Economic Reform Plan was in fact prepared by utilizing the main
features of the past programmes, such as the Five-Year Development Programme and
other economic policies. However, in previous programmes, which were inline with
recommendations of the International Monetary Fund to overcome Iran's economic
problems, the problems that were classified around seven main topics included
efficiency systems, subsidies, taxes, custom tariffs, banking system, value of
national currency, distribution of commodities and services and issuing of
permissions.

Now, in the last months of its tenure, the ninth government that has become
popular by relying on slogans such as social justice and distribution of wealth
among lower social classes is insisting on accelerated implementation of one or
two policies related to subsidies, from the past plans of Iranian economy
reforms. However, the government justifies its longing for immediate execution
of these subsidies to the fall in oil prices and maintains that it is the best
time for implementation of such schemes. This assertion apparently shows that
the given scheme is not sufficiently worked out because when the government
first promised to implement it, the price of oil was at its peak and the
government was promising to implement the scheme on the basis of 140 dollars per
barrel prices. Now, if we accept government's justification, then we should pray
for the oil price not to increase so that the scheme is happily put into
practice. In addition, the targeted subsidies' scheme for energy prices is
supposed to be put into practice in three years.

Meanwhile, what will be our policy if the oil price rises? Would we stop its
execution or would we continue? The other important point related to the
implementation of this scheme is the time of its implementation. Is it right to
begin the implementation of such a huge national plan at a time when we are in
the last months of the tenure of the present government and leave the next
government to deal with its consequences or is it a kind of an electoral slogan?
Isn't it better to wait a few months until the elections are over so that the
planner and the implementer are one and the same government takes all
responsibilities? Or perhaps the scheme is especially attractive! [Punctuation
as published]

Attractiveness of subsidies' reform

As it can be observed, in the sphere of the Economic Reform Plan, all attention
of Ahmadinezhad's government is directed towards the subject of subsidies due to
their high monetary value to an extent that the amendment of subsidies is now
overshadowing all other subjects. The question is what is the attractiveness of
the subsidies' reform? If we pay close attention to the fact that the estimated
figure for the costs and revenues of subsidies is more than 25 per cent of the
gross production of the country, we can immediately realize that the tremendous
volume of subsidies is not a burden on the government but by a mere shift in the
distribution of subsidies, it can indeed produce astronomical revenues for the
government.

If we look at the texts on amending subsidies, published by the government, we
can see that there is no reference to the end of subsidies but only to shift and
change of the mode of its distribution. The main subject in this scheme is that
the government should determine the retail price of petrol and gas in a way that
they should be at least 10 per cent above the price of such commodities in the
Persian Gulf (plus costs of supply and distribution) in three years' time. The
consumer price of gas and electricity should be more than 75 per cent of the
price of exported natural gas. The third and fourth article of this scheme deals
with determining the price of water and sewage in three years' time. This scheme
states that the government should open an account for the money earned and spent
in this way. Considering the delivery of the above scheme to Majlis and the fact
that targeted subsidies and their amount is also mentioned in the next year's
budget (1388 [2009-2010]), one can explore the main aspects of this bill.

Filling gaps of budget deficit

There is no reference to the policies for targeted subsidies in the budget bill
for 1388 [2009-2010]. What is mentioned is the removal of all restrictions and
controls over prices in three years' time and their deposit in a corresponding
account and the ways that the government can spend the monetary resources
released in this manner without dealing with executive mechanisms for the
distribution of subsidies. The pouring of billions of tumans into the market
through cash subsidies and the solutions for many major challenges and
obstacles, which are clearly problematic, are left to subsequent implementation
regulations. If the structure and mode of distribution of subsidies were offered
in more details then it surely would be possible to present the tremendous
technical and professional shortcomings of the method of implementation and its
predictable negative outcomes.

Unfortunately, the bill only deals with outlines. Considering the emphasis and
pressure that the government is exerting on Majlis to approve the targeted
subsidies' scheme before the presentation of the budget bill probably shows the
tremendous budget deficit produced by the thoughtless policies of the ninth
government in the past, which is supposed to now be covered in part by the
resources that the government receives by way of implementing the above bill.

Foreign exchange rates are unreal

In such huge economic schemes, it is impossible to look at the various parts of
economy as isolated islands. In other words, it is possible to speak of FOB
[free on board] prices in the Persian Gulf for determination of the price of gas
or petroleum only when the rate of dollar is actual and not artificially
determined by the government. In this case, the basis of calculation of the
price of petroleum is essentially incorrect and artificial. Ultimately, it is
the will of the government that determines the final price by artificially
determining the foreign exchange rate and not through actual economic realities.

Inflationary consequences of the bill

According to what the statesmen and authors of this bill say, it will have
numerous effects on the rate of inflation. Considering the fact that the rate of
inflation is critical at the moment, any increase in liquidity can produce
another wave of inflation and price increase. In this case, the native
industries which already cannot compete and stay on their feet despite the
present subsidies will go bankrupt and close down one-by-one, a process that
will ultimately lead to a wave of unemployment. Undoubtedly, unemployment,
inflation and intense economic stagnation are not what the executives of this
scheme have in mind. In any case, considering the overall conditions, hasty
execution of such a huge scheme can bring about exciting revolutionary acts or
filling the treasury and wilful distribution of subsidies for the government but
it will have no benefit for people except inflation, unemployment, high prices,
economic stagnation and social damage.

Source: E'temad-e Melli, Tehran, in Persian 05 Feb 09

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            September 7, 2007 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

Subsidies' roots deep in Georgia

BYLINE: BOB KEMPER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1098 words


Washington --- When the federal government's own auditors recently announced
that $1 billion in farm subsidies had been erroneously paid to dead farmers,
including two in Georgia, the news barely registered in Capitol Hill meeting
rooms where lawmakers were hashing out the 2007 Farm Bill.

"A billion dollars is a lot of money in my world," the report's author, Lisa
Shames of the Government Accountability Office, said later.

The news did nothing to deter Georgia lawmakers' efforts to maintain another $26
billion in subsidies contained in the latest version of the Farm Bill, including
a provision that restored $50 million for peanut farmers.

An unlikely coalition of environmentalists, small-farm operators and the White
House are pushing to add new limits to the subsidies but were rebuked by the
House. Members of the coalition said they will try to get limits in the Senate
version over the next two weeks, but the subsidies are expected to survive.

Georgia's share of those future subsidies is unknown, but it will be sizable.
Only 16 states now get more subsidy money than Georgia, which averaged $365
million a year for the last decade, a total of $3.7 billion.

With the stakes so high, Georgia lawmakers are defending the current system of
subsidies, and two of them --- Rep. Sanford Bishop, an Athens Democrat, and Sen.
Saxby Chambliss, a Republican --- dismiss the $1 billion paid to dead farmers as
a minor infraction.

"Those were far and few between," said Bishop, a member of the House Agriculture
Committee. "It's an exaggeration."

The $1 billion payout to dead farmers included two farm estates in Georgia that
each received about $330,000 during those seven years. Neither the GAO, Georgia
lawmakers nor other officials could identify the estates. Chambliss said the
misdirected payments were caused by a lack of local enforcement and don't
require a reassessment of the programs.

"I think you're going to see farm payments continued ... as long as we have
European countries subsidizing their farmers three or four times what we pay,"
said Chambliss.

So fierce is Georgia's fight to hold onto the subsidies that when House leaders
cut aid for the storage and handling of peanuts, Bishop joined with two other
Democratic Georgia congressmen with substantial farm constituencies --- Reps.
Jim Marshall of Macon and Rep. John Barrow of Savannah --- to add a program that
would reward peanut farmers for using more environmentally friendly planting
methods. Creating the new programs means much of the money lost from the storage
program that was cut, $50 million, would keep flowing to Georgia farmers.

The three congressmen portray the new program aiding Georgia's No. 2 crop as a
much-needed environmental policy. "Good for the environment and the farmers,"
Marshall said at the time.

"This last-minute addition to the Farm Bill will be a boost for peanut farms
across the Southeast," Barrow said.

Outside groups and fiscal conservatives criticized the move as evidence the
chief reason Congress is resistant to change is because so many members of the
House Agriculture Committee, including Bishop, are dependent politically on the
fate of the programs.

Joe Boddiford, a Screven County farmer and vice chairman of the Georgia Peanut
Commission, defended the swapping of funds from one program to another as a way
of "providing a safety net for farmers."

The subsidies, he said, help ensure the future of farming and keep food prices
lower for the American public.

"I do believe they'll survive," Boddiford said of the subsidies. "I'd be shocked
if they didn't."

But those who want to see the subsidies at least overhauled say the current
system benefits the wealthiest beneficiaries, usually corporations or real
estate investors with only tangential ties to farming.

When farm payments are being made to people like Microsoft co-founder Paul
Allen, one of the richest men in the world, or late-night comedian David
Letterman, it ought to be a clue that the farm subsidies programs are no longer
working for the family farmers for whom it was created during the Great
Depression, said Sandra Schubert, director of government relations for the
Environmental Working Group, a subsidies watchdog group.

"The question is are we spending the money in the Farm Bill wisely," Schubert
said. "Well, the answer is 'no.' "

The chief impediment to changing the subsidy system is the lawmakers who craft
the bill, critics charge. Schubert noted that more than 40 percent of all
subsidy money flows into the districts of the 42 members of the House
Agriculture Committee, including Georgia's Bishop, Barrow and Marshall.

Bishop's Athens-area district ranks 17th out of 435 congressional districts
nationwide in subsidy payments, $511 million over the past three years and $2
billion over the past decade, according to the Environmental Working Group's
database.

"Certainly, in states such as Georgia, lawmakers don't want means-testing or
limits on farm programs because they get so much money," Schubert said.

Bishop defended the payments, saying the safety and security of the American
food supply is a matter of national security.

"Some people want to suggest that there's some slime or dirt" involved, Bishop
said. "They don't recognize that unless we empower ... the production of our
food and of our clothing that we're going to become a second-class economy. I
make no apology and Americans don't need to make any apology that we can produce
our own food and know it is safe, know it is clean," he said.

Stephen Houston Jr., who farms 200 acres in Seminole County, participates in the
farm payment programs but said the programs need to be fundamentally reformed so
the family farmer, rather than corporate agribusinesses, gets the greater share
of the money.

Subsidies "are quite successful for rural areas, but they've been hijacked by
the bigger businesses who have lobbyists," Houston said. Lawmakers who control
the subsidy programs are not going to change it because of pressure from those
wealthy beneficiaries, he said.

"They're all bought and paid for --- and you can quote me on that," he said.

WHO GETS SUBSIDIES

About a third of Georgia's 49,311 farmers (15,500) receive subsidies.

Georgia got $3.65 billion in subsidies from 1995 to 2005, an average of $365
million a year.

Top 5 Farm Programs in Georgia (2002-2005)

Cotton................14,400 participants...$636 million

Peanuts...............12,700 participants...$406 million

Corn..................19,300 participants...$52 million

Conservation of land...8,500 participants...$37 million

Wheat.................17,000 participants...$23 million

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 8, 2007



CORRECTION: Rep. Sanford Bishop is from Albany. A front page story about farm
subsidies in some editions Friday included an incorrect city and an incorrect
reference to the location of his district. Bishop's committee assignment was
also incorrect. He was on the House Agriculture Committee, as reported, but has
since been appointed to the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                              July 7, 1995 Friday
                                  Late Edition

APEC looks at ban on farm subsidies

BYLINE: MICHAEL DWYER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 477 words


ASIA-Pacific countries are looking at a ban on all agricultural export subsidies
as a key plank of the trade liberalisation plan to be adopted by APEC leaders
later this year.

A meeting of APEC senior officials in Sapporo this week has endorsed a Japanese
proposal for a "prohibition of agricultural export subsidies" as part of a
package to accelerate the commitments made by Asia-Pacific economies as part of
the Uruguay Round of the GATT.

The Federal Minister for Trade, Senator McMullan, said yesterday that an APEC
ban on such subsidies would represent "very good news" for the Australian rural
sector.

"If we can turn APEC into a vehicle that helps wind back export subsidies in our
region, it will be a big plus for Australian farmers," Senator McMullan said.

Any move by APEC to enshrine a ban on agricultural export subsidies would have a
big impact on the United States farm sector, which receives about $US10 billion
($14 billion) in such subsidies each year.

Since being introduced in 1985, Washington's export subsidies have become the
focal point of Australia's economic relations with the US.

While it is unclear what timeframe APEC leaders would adopt for the introduction
of such a ban, the Australian farm sector would benefit substantially.

A recent review of the Australia-US trade relationship found Australian primary
producers lost close to $1 billion a year in exports because of Washington's
subsidy schemes.

It is understood US trade negotiators at this week's meeting in Sapporo raised
no objections to the continued inclusion of a ban on export subsidies in the
final statement to be adopted by Asia-Pacific leaders in Osaka in November.

Senator McMullan said yesterday that US officials had acknowledged at the
meeting that a ban on export subsidies was "at least something legitimate to
look at".

While Australia would benefit from a ban on agricultural subsidies by APEC
members, the Sapporo meeting nonetheless rejected Australian moves to have the
principle of non-discrimination in the final Osaka statement.

Australia has been calling for this principle to be removed from the final Osaka
statement because it considers a debate on the issue could be divisive.

However, Japan, which is the current chair of the APEC forum, has maintained its
position that non-discrimination should be included as one of the general
principles to be approved at Osaka.

"The outcome of trade and investment liberalisation in the Asia-Pacific will
apply not only among APEC economies, but also between APEC economies and
non-APEC economies," a draft Japanese paper said.

Senator McMullan also rejected suggestions that agriculture could be excluded
from the APEC trade liberalisation agenda at the urging of countries like South
Korea.

"We have been arguing for comprehensiveness all along and that would mean, of
course, the inclusion of agriculture," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1995 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 6, 2009 Sunday

Iran western province exporters uncertain about future post subsidy bill - paper

LENGTH: 814 words


Text of report headlined "The uncertain future of the production units of
Kordestan following subsidies' removal" published by Hamshahri on 23 November

Majlis deputies approved the bill on subsidy cut while majority of production
units and economic activists have expressed worries about removing the subsidy
for energy under conditions that the economy is under inflation depression and
shortage of cash is the most important problem of the production units.

When the ninth government decided to remove subsidies and the economic surgery
in Iran was agreed upon to get out of just being a slogan and be materialized,
worries also increased with regard to the way this surgery was to be conducted
and its time. Since the time when the government formed the committee for
economic change scheme and gradually provided the public with the generalities
related to the method of cutting subsidies, the economic experts warned against
its non-transparency, although the statesmen did not accept this criticism and
believed that all aspects of cutting subsidies had been considered and that the
government's effort was to inflict the least damage to the weak layers of
society by cutting subsidies.

However, with freeing the prices and removing the subsidies of energy carriers,
not only the weak layers of the society but also the production units would
suffer serious damages. The prediction of inflation by 50 or even 100 per cent
was a warning given by some MPs as well as economic experts with regard to
freeing the prices.

Mohammad Najib Sharifi, an exporter from Kordestan whose company is more than 17
years old, considers the details of the subsidy cut as unclear and expresses
worry about its implementation. He tells Hamshahri: "Most of the production
units in Kordestan have been closed down due to shortage of cash and about 15
production units are still active. If the energy subsidy paid to these units by
the government is removed, these companies also will be shut down soon."
Najmeddin Ghaderi, the vice-president of Kordestan Chamber of Commerce also
noted that there is no doubt about the need for removing subsidies, saying: "The
important issue is how the government is going to compensate for the price
increase that will be caused by the subsidy cut. Unfortunately, cutting
subsidies would increase the probability of inflation in the country more than
ever before."

In addition to energy subsidy paid to the production units by the government,
the exporters also are exempted from paying tax and receive the export prize for
their exports. However, by cutting subsidies on energy, there are rumours about
the removal of all facilities so far provided for the exporters by the
government.

Referring to the above, Sharifi said: "If the government is going to collect tax
from the exporters and the prices are also freed, there will be no strength left
for Kord exporters and they should close down their companies."

Sharifi added: "Compared to other provinces of the country, Kordestan has a high
rate of inflation and low rate of investment. This has caused the producers not
to have motivation for continuing their activities. Now, if the subsidies are
also cut, like other closed-down production units, they would also surrender to
the conditions and stop the production."

With an export of 80 per cent of his company's products, he considered the
prospect for his company's activities as ambiguous and said: "Unruly imports of
commodities and low purchasing power of people have caused the products of our
company to face a cold welcome from the domestic buyers."

The vice-president of Kordestan Chamber of Commerce also referred to the efforts
made by Iran to join WTO and said: "Our products should compete with the foreign
commodities in pricing and quality. However, after cutting subsidies the
finished price of our products will be increased and the competitiveness of
these units will be decreased and eventually, Iran will lose the markets for
exports one after the other."

Noting that production depression is prevailing over the economy of the country,
he described the future of production as ambiguous and said: "Under the
conditions that the production section is using only 30 per cent of its
capacity, it is not known how we are going to participate in target markets with
high-finished prices."

Also, according to Sharifi, people even now, are not paying for high quality,
they are looking for low prices only, therefore, and producers also cannot
compete in a market filled with cheap Chinese commodities because the price of
raw material is high in Iran.

He said: "As soon as the prices are freed, the prices of raw material also will
be increased in the country and thus we will witness uncontrollable increase in
inflation in Kordestan and subsequently, there will be an increase in the rate
of unemployment."

Source: Hamshahri, Tehran, in Persian 23 Nov 09

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Sikkim Express

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

Sikkim demand subsidy for organic fertilizers

LENGTH: 807  words


Gangtok, Oct. 26 -- The Government of Sikkim, farmers and other stakeholders of
Agriculture in the State came together today to urge the Union Government of
India to extend its fertilizer subsidy support to organic fertilizers, while
implementing the newly proposed direct subsidy system.They were making these
demands at a public consultation on the fertilizer subsidy reforms organized by
Greenpeace India.It may be mentioned here that Sikkim has adopted an organic
Agriculture policy and is planning to go completely organic by 2015. The State
has also adopted a plan to phase out the use of chemical fertilizers by
2010-11.A press release adds that the State Agriculture Minister Dawcho Lepcha
in his address welcomed the Central Government's move to give fertilizer subsidy
directly to the farmers but at the same time expressed concern that the farmers
of Sikkim will not be benefited from this scheme as it only covers chemical
fertilizers contrary to Sikkim which has adopted an organic policy. "We demand
that the subsidy support be extended to organic fertilizers as well, so that the
farmers from this organic state are also benefited", Mr. Lepcha said in a
written statement which was read out at the consultation.It was also highlighted
that the Union Government is planning to adopt a nutrient based direct subsidy
regime instead of the current product pricing regime. "As per the proposed
system, the government will fix subsidy amount for each nutrient. Accordingly
the subsidy for a fertilizer product will depend on the amount of nutrients in
the product.

In due course, the subsidy money will be transferred to farmers' account
directly, as and when he/she purchases chemical fertilizers by swiping special
credit cards provided. So the farmers who adopt chemical free eco-friendly
farming practices will not be benefited," it was detailed.The State agriculture
secretary SK Gautam, who inaugurated the consultation said, "Greenpeace has been
championing the cause of clean and green environment and I congratulate them for
taking up this crucial subject of fertilizer subsidy reforms with more inclusive
participation of various stakeholders in Agriculture." He added, "The Central
Government while reforming the subsidy policy should adopt a holistic approach
encompassing various aspects of production systems including bio-dynamics,
organic farming, natural farming etc. Organic fertilizers and other soil
amendments which are important constituents in improving soil health should also
be brought under the purview of fertilizer subsidy policy."Dr. Ghanshyam Sharma,
Programme Manager, The Mountain Institute who delivered the key note address
said, "The traditional agricultural systems in the mountains are ecologically
resilient. But various kind of support from the Government including subsidy
support is needed to sustain these self sustaining systems."Mr. Dhakal, a farmer
from Central Pendam, Sikkim hinted that the government should explore various
options to support the production of organic fertilizers and that
vermicomposting could be one of the potential approaches."Farmers who adopt
eco-friendly agricultural practices are historically been denied the benefits of
the Central Government subsidy. There is a need to develop a support system to
provide incentives to these farmers and also to motivate more and more farmers
from across the country to adopt these practices. Crores of rupees spent every
year on fertilizer subsidy should also be made available to farmers who adopt
eco-friendly agricultural practices", said Gopikrishna SR, Sustainable
Agriculture Campaigner Greenpeace India.Earlier, Greenpeace India launched a
report titled, "Subsidising Food crisis" which provide scientific evidences to
prove that soils are degraded in intensive agricultural areas due to excessive
use of chemicals, and even balanced application of chemical nutrients cannot
sustain yield under the present circumstances. The report highlights the urgent
need to shift to eco-friendly agriculture practices to ensure food security in
the country.

International scientific fraternity have also recognized the need for a paradigm
shift in Agricultural practices. The UN Agriculture Assessment (IAASTD), the
most authoritative, detailed and broad assessment of the future of agriculture
ever conducted at international level concluded that business as usual is not an
option and suggested a shift to eco-friendly farming."We are organizing similar
public consultations in different parts of the country. The ideas and
suggestions gathered would be compiled and presented to the Central Government.
We sincerely hope that Government will give due recognition to the suggestions
from the real stakeholders at the grass roots and adopt a policy that will
restore soil health and ensure food security", Mr. Gopikrishna added.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Sikkim Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

Amdavadis are... Not so large-hearted when it comes to gas

BYLINE: Ojas Mehta

SECTION: COVER STORY

LENGTH: 662 words


In a bid to encourage the affluent sections of society to join their efforts in
'nation building', staterun oil companies have been uploading the names of its
customers who have opted out of subsidy for cooking gas cylinders on its
website. While other parts of the country have responded to Modi government's
call in early July to the welloff to opt out of the LPG subsidy scheme,
Amdavadis have not been as generous. When it comes to surrendering subsidies on
LPG cylinders, the number is yet to cross the three-digit mark in Ahmedabad.

Only nine consumers of HPCL and 13 consumers of BPCL have surrendered their
subsidies and have their names published in the scroll of honour. IOC has
statewise bifurcation, but officials claim that Ahmedabad numbers are unlikely
to be any better. "We appreciate your action of opting out of subsidy. It truly
demonstrates your care and concern towards the less privileged. Your example
will surely motivate millions," the Indane website says in its 'Scroll of
Honour' section.

HIGH GROWTH, LOW RESPONSE

Ahmedabad has roughly 17 lakh LPG cylinder consumers according to Shailesh
Patel, vice president of All Indane Distributors Association. But an owner of a
gas agency told Mirror that he is willing to bet that almost all who have
surrendered their subsidy are officials of oil companies. The Centre incurs Rs
40,000 crore roughly for subsidising LPG cylinders across the country, funds
that can be used for development. Gujarat recorded a growth rate of 8.2% of per
capita income during 2004-2013 amid high income states, according to a study by
apex industry body Assocham and oil companies believe that the numbers of those
who voluntarily surrender their LPG subsidy can go higher if awareness is
created.

According to Dhanapal, territory manager of BPCL, the government roughly grants
Rs 500 subsidy on every cylinder that it provides. "The subsidy that people get
on each LPG cylinder is Rs 500 on an average depending on fluctuations in
international prices. A consumer roughly pays Rs 410 to 420 on a cylinder that
costs Rs 920," Dhanapal said. "I believe that there is an urgent need to raise
the level of awareness and there are not many who are aware of the option of
surrendering the subsidy. The Centre is considering means of raising the level
of awareness among consumers."

Sanjay Shende, deputy general manager (marketing) with GAIL (India) Limited, in
Ahmedabad said, "When I realised that giving up my subsidy will result in more
funds for development purposes, I immediately decided to surrender my subsidy.
After all it just comes to around Rs 16-17 per day. This is an amount that means
little to an individual but can be big for the country." Shende said he has
already spoken to several in his office who are willing to contribute to the
national cause. But another consumer who has surrendered the subsidy to BPCL was
not very happy with the procedure.

"It took me three days to surrender my subsidy online. In fact, it took two days
for me to get a password needed to surrender the subsidy. If we want consumers
to surrender subsidies it is the responsibility of oil companies to ensue that
the process is smooth and not frustrating." IOC DGM Manish Kumar agreed that
there is a need to raise awareness among people and was confident that more
people will come forward. Ditto chief senior manager of HPCL Sanjay Malhotra. "I
am aware the ministry is considering strong measures to raise the level of
awareness to encourage people to surrender subsidies."

However, Shailesh Patel, proprietor of Santosh Gas and vice president of All
Indane Distributors Association said, "No Amdavadi will voluntarily give up
his/her subsidy. "All those who have surrendered are officials of gas companies.
Even the richest Amdavadi will not give up something that is given free or at a
discounted price. A subsidy of Rs 500 on a cylinder is not something that will
be surrendered voluntarily. People will pay only if it is mandatory."

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

On January 19 the government published rules for the granting of subsidies to
Russian car-makers in 2014-2016. It is about compensation of the cost of R&D,
production and "support warranty" of cars of environmental classes "Euro-4" and
"Euro-5", the use of energy and maintenance of jobs. The total size of subsidies
will be 84.3 billion rubles in 2014, 90.1 billion rubles in 2015 and 96.6
billion rubles in 2016. For three years, manufacturers will get about 270
billion rubles.

SECTION: OFFICIAL ITEMS; No. 12

LENGTH: 752 words


Reference: Yegor Popov, Julia Gallyamova "Car industry will be refueled with
subsidies", Kommersant, No.6/M, January 20, 2014, p.1; Elena Arakelyan "In 2014
the domestic car industry will receive 84 billion rubles", Komsomolskaya Pravda,
No.5, January 20, 2014, p.2; "Costs for the car industry", Goodok, No.5, January
20, 2014, p.1

The grants can be received by both producers and their affiliated structures
rendering services for the production of cars. According to the documents, each
can compensate for up to 90% of total costs, payments will be made quarterly.
One of the grounds for denial of subsidies can be "insufficient budget
allocations for the year and planning period." The largest subsidies are
provided for the maintenance of workers (162.4 billion rubles for three years).
Subsidies on cars' production of "Euro-4" and "Euro-5" classes will amount to
81.2 billion rubles, to compensate for energy - 19 billion rubles, R&D - 8.1
billion rubles for 3 years.

Officially, subsidies should help achieve "performance targets by 2020" of the
development of the domestic car industry. But, according to the Kommersant
sources, the need for them has arisen to "compensate for the negative effect of
the recycling fee payment" by domestic car factories. In 2014 under the pressure
from other WTO members (primarily the EU) the collection, originally introduced
only for importers, has been extended to the Russian producers. According to
Finance Ministry estimates, in 2014-2016 the budget revenues from payment of
duty by the Russian car factories will amount to almost 383 billion rubles. That
is, the approved amount of subsidies covers 70.5 % of the costs.

According to the Kommersant sources, car-makers are satisfied with subsidies,
although the clause of possible "lack" of means in the budget and "bureaucratic
delays" in issuing of subsidies raise concern. The Kommersant sources emphasize
that the key condition to obtain grants is the industrial assembly mode, under
which the majority of automobile plants work. Kaliningrad "Avtotor" will also
receive subsidies as it has been specified in the regulations of the government
separately. Other small car-makers that have no industrial assembly, such TagAz
and Derways, will not receive subsidies. Independent companies that put
secondary structures on ready chassis of trucks and LCVs will not get them as
well, the sources of the Kommersant say.

The payments from minor car-makers and the makers of secondary structures should
bring the state about 35 billion rubles in 2014 and cumulatively 112 billion
rubles until 2016, which are planned in the budget as revenues from the
recycling fee, but not covered by subsidies. At the same time, the budget
revenues from the collection are "forward looking" and initially subsidies could
not fully relate to them, it would have caused "tension on the part of other
members of the WTO." The Kommersant sources claim that "subsidies have been
thought through to account for compliance with the WTO" and to challenge them
would be difficult. The maximum subsidies are laid on jobs and the environment,
because it is "easiest to justify support in these areas" for car-factories.

However, market participants assume that subsidies still "can be challenged by
the WTO." The EU has already started the trade dispute on the collection with
Russia. Now the handling proceedings have been frozen - the EU has not offered
candidates to the group of arbitrators. The Kommersant sources explain this by
saying that "Europeans analyze the situation after the spread of the collection
to Russian factories." According to the sources, this week, the EU "will hold a
meeting on the collection." The problem of the recycling fee can be discussed at
the Russia-EU summit in Brussels on January 28.

According to Professor of Higher School of Economics, a leading researcher of
IMEMO Alexei Portansky, new subsidies "prove that Russia is beginning to adapt
to the rules of the game in the WTO." He notes "subsidies on the environment and
scientific research with a high degree of confidence can be considered relevant
to the WTO rules with proper justification." It would be more difficult to prove
the expediency of supporting jobs, the expert says, the success depends on the
amount of allocated funds, and it is the hardest to justify subsidies for
energy, given the looming dispute between Russia and the EU around energy
adjustments, in the center of which is the adequacy of the internal electricity
prices for producers.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

Portishead pool still on chopping block despite £1.2m spent on other leisure
facilities

BYLINE:  Heather Pickstock h.pickstock

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 472 words


North Somerset Council is spending more than £1.2 million each year subsidising
the running costs of its nine leisure centres.

The council revealed this week that it was paying £1.23m in subsidies to run its
leisure centres in Clevedon, Portishead, Backwell, Nailsea and
Weston-super-Mare.

The council also pays staff costs of £143,910 and a maintenance cost of £90,370
on top of the annual subsidies.

The council operates four other dual-use leisure centres at Gordano School,
Portishead, Clevedon Community School, Churchill Sports Centre at Churchill
School and Wyvern School in Weston-super-Mare.

The subsidy figures are contained in a report which has been put together by the
authority as part of a review into all the council's leisure and cultural
services. Portishead Open-Air Pool has not been included in the general review
and instead, has been the subject of a separate investigation by councillors.

The news that the council is paying nearly £1.5m annually to operate its leisure
centres comes at the same time as its leaders are considering closing the
Portishead pool, claiming it costs council £130,000 each year and is subsidising
each visit by £14.71.

The cost per visit at the other centres is much lower because they are open all
day and into the evening all year round, have a wider range of sporting
facilities and attract more users.

The open-air pool is only open for 18 weeks, shuts at lunchtime for 90 minutes
and is closed in the evening.

Council chiefs have ruled out closing any of the centres to save cash, claiming
they "make a major contribution to the overall health and well being of the
local communities in North Somerset".

A Save the Open-Air Pool (STOP) campaign, backed by the Evening Post, has been
launched to save Portishead's lido from closure by putting it in the hands of a
trust.

STOP leader Roger Whitfield said: "I agree the subsidy for the open-air pool is
too high, but that is because the council has managed it badly and it is not
maximising its potential. What we have to remember is the outdoor pool is only a
pool. If it was run properly, with better facilities and an extended season
there is no reason why the subsidy couldn't be reduced to the same levels as
these other facilities."

How the subsdies breakdown.

Backwell Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £142,400. Number of visits: 112,826. Subsidy
per visit: £1.26

Hutton Moor Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £258,370. Number of visits: 561,539.
Subsidy per visit: 46p

Parish Wharf Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £205,470. Number of visits: 187,024:
Subsidy per visit: £1.09

Scotch Horn Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £83,470. Number of visits: 80,617. Subsidy
per visit: £1.03

Strode Leisure Centre: Subsidy: £181,000. Number of visits: 124,794. Subsidy per
visit: £1.45

Portishead Open Air Pool: Subsidy: £130,000. Number of visits: 8,802. Subsidy
per visit: £14.71.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                      Copyright 2008 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 26, 1990 Friday

A harvest of grain subsidies

BYLINE: JEFFREY SIMPSON; GAM

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


By  JEFFREY SIMPSON
  OTTAWA
 While the Commons resounds with furious rhetoric and a cabinet minister
resigns, the most desperate struggles in Ottawa are among ministers trying
to protect their programs.

The February budget will feature big spending cuts - how big depends in
large part on political will - because, having raised taxes so
relentlessly, the Tories reckon they cannot raise them again.

As always in these exercises, ministers make more political judgments
than economic ones. Which cuts, they ask, will spark the loudest cries of
pain, cost us the most votes, stir up the most virulent opposition? The
larger the anticipated outcry, the less likely a government is to move.

Consider grain transportation subsidies. They have been around since
the Crowsnest Pass Act of 1897, and remained thereafter the holiest of
holy political icons for Western grain farmers.

In 1983, the Liberal government modified the Crow after a furious
debate. It introduced the Western Grains Transportation Act (WGTA), a
complicated package that, among other changes, provided the railways with
huge subsidies to ship grain for export. In the fiscal year 1987-88, the
subsidy was $941.2-million. The estimated 1988-89 cost of the WGTA was
$663.5-million. That's a whopping subsidy by any standard.

It costs roughly $30 a tonne to ship grain from prairies to port. Of
this, the farmer pays on average $9, the federal government the rest; that
is, the farmer pays 30 per cent of the cost of transportation and the
taxpayers cover 70 per cent.

As frequently happens, one subsidy created another. The WGTA subsidy is
available for grain destined for export markets, not for domestic
consumption by, say, livestock producers who use grain to feed cattle or
hogs. So feed-grain users have bitterly attacked the WGTA, saying they pay
too much for grain, which in turn drives up the cost of their products.

The Alberta government, sensitive to these pleas, introduced a subsidy
program for feed-grain users. Once that happened, other Western provinces
feared a diversion of their livestock to Alberta, so they introduced their
own feed-grain subsidy programs.

Then there's the federal Feed Freight Assistance (FFA) program,
introduced in 1941 to subsidize the shipment of feed grains from producing
areas to parts of Canada far removed from the Prairies. That subsidy helps
keep alive a livestock industry in, of all places, Newfoundland, Yukon and
the Northwest Territories. By any rational economic measurement, this
makes absolutely no sense, since these areas are completely without a
comparative advantage in producing livestock. But a subsidy is a subsidy
and, as such, becomes an entitlement that governments remove or reduce
only at their political peril.

Last November, all of Canada's deputy ministers of agriculture produced
a unanimous report analyzing the effects of the WGTA. They painted a
dispiriting picture of how the WGTA subsidy, in favoring one group, hurt
others and produced perverse economic results.

They concluded that the WGTA had hurt livestock producers more than it
had helped grain farmers. It had forced provinces into their own feed-
grain subsidy programs. It had encouraged grain production on marginal
land, added capital value to prairie land, discouraged value-added and
diversification activities in Western Canada, favored Western Canadian
ports over the Seaway, and exposed the huge gap in international
negotiations between Canada's rhetoric about eliminating agricultural
subsidies and its own practices.

Changes to come? Votes from prairie grain farmers are indispensable for
any Tory re-election. On budget day, therefore, don't look for any changes
to the WGTA.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2015 Georgetown International Environmental
                                   Law Review
               Georgetown International Environmental Law Review

                                  Summer, 2015

                      Georgetown Environmental Law Review

                           27 Geo. Envtl. L. Rev. 516

LENGTH: 10407 words

ARTICLE: The World Trade Organization, Renewable Energy Subsidies, and the Case
of Feed-in Tariffs: Time for Reform toward Sustainable Development? *





   * The scientific part of this article was made possible by the West Virginia
University ("WVU") Energy Institute and Multi-Disciplinary Center for Shale Gas
Utilization. Research for this article was supported through funding from the
People Programme (Marie Curie Actions) of the European Union's Seventh Framework
Programme (FP7/2007-2013) under REA grant agreement no 269327. It was titled
"Evaluating Policies for Sustainable Energy Investments: Towards an Integrated
Approach on National and International Stage" and coordinated by University of
Turin: Dipartimento di Giurisprudenza. Corresponding Author e-mail address,
Professor Paolo Davide Farah: paolofarah@yahoo.com.

   Earlier drafts of this article were presented at the "Fifth Annual Colloquium
on Environmental Scholarship," Vermont Law School, October 4, 2014 and at the
"Law, Technology and Development: Opportunities and Challenges in EU-China
Relations" conference organized by University of Strathclyde Law School &
Faculty of Law and by Fudan University, Shanghai, held at University of
Strathclyde Law School, November 11, 2014. A special thanks to the conference
participants and David M. Driesen (Syracuse University College of Law), Tracy
Bach (Vermont Law School), Francesco Sindico (University of Strathclyde, Law
School), Stephanie Switzer (University of Strathclyde, Law School), Chen Li
(Fudan University Law School), Zhongfa Ma (Fudan University School of Law), and
Shigang Li (Fudan University School of Law). (C) 2015, Paolo Davide Farah and
Elena Cima.

NAME: PAOLO DAVIDE FARAH ** AND ELENA CIMA ***

BIO:



   ** Paolo Davide Farah: West Virginia University, Department of Public
Administration within the Eberly College of Arts and Sciences and College of
Law. Research Scientist and Principal Investigator at Global Law Initiatives for
Sustainable Development (United Kingdom). Dual Ph.D. in International Law at
Aix-Marseille University (France) and at Università degli Studi di Milano
(Italy). LL.M. College of Europe, Bruges (Belgium), J.D. (Maitrise) in
International and European Law, Paris Ouest La Defense Nanterre (France).
Visiting Scholar (2011-2012) at Harvard Law School, East Asian Legal Studies. EU
Commission Marie Curie Fellow (2009-2011) at Tsinghua University School of Law,
Center for Environmental, Natural Resources & Energy Law in Beijing and at the
Chinese Research Academy on Environmental Sciences in Beijing. Fellow at the
Institute of International Economic Law (2004-2005) at Georgetown University Law
Center. A special acknowledgment to the East Asian Legal Studies at Harvard Law
School who hosted me as a Visiting Scholar and provided an excellent academic
and research environment.


   *** Elena Cima: Ph.D. Candidate at the Graduate Institute of International
and Development Studies, Geneva (Switzerland). LL.M. 2014, Yale Law School;
LL.B. 2010, University of Milan. Substantial parts of this chapter were written
when I was EU Commission Marie Curie Fellow at Tsinghua University School of
Law, Center for Environmental, Natural Resources & Energy Law in Beijing and
Research Fellow at Università del Piemonte Orientale "Amedeo Avogadro," DiSEI:
Dipartimento di Studi per l'Impresa e il Territorio (Italy).

 TEXT:
 [*516]  I. INTRODUCTION

   Renewable energy subsidies are crucial for combating climate change, and yet
the world's international legal infrastructure is not designed to accommodate
them. The world needs a renewable energy sector to develop and implement the
technologies necessary to reduce carbon emissions,  n1 and renewable subsidies
are one of the best ways to cultivate this sector quickly.  n2 However, one
country's unfair subsidies can harm another country's industry. To take a recent
newsworthy  [*517]  example, China's subsidies for its solar exports have
allegedly bankrupted solar companies in the United States and the European Union
("EU"), undermining their renewable energy sectors as they take root.  n3 Thus,
renewable subsidies pit two legitimate policy concerns against each other:
cultivation of renewable energy and prevention of unfair trade practices.

   The World Trade Organization ("WTO") regulates most subsidies effectively,
but was not designed with renewable subsidies in mind. The Agreement on
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures ("SCM")--the heart of the WTO subsidies
regime--treats renewable subsidies the same as all other subsidies, without
taking into account non-trade, environmental concerns.  n4 This environmental
blind spot is unusual for the WTO.  n5 However, the SCM does not include an
environmental exception,  n6 leaving the agreement ill-suited to balance trade
and environmental concerns.

   This article proposes several legal solutions to fix the SCM's environmental
blind spot: invoking the Agreement on Agriculture ("AoA") for some subsidies;
using the SCM's definition of subsidies to exclude some forms of support for
renewable energy--especially Feed-in Tariffs ("FITs")--from the WTO's subsidies
regime entirely; adopting a flexible interpretation of the General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade's ("GATT") Article XX's environmental exception such that it
may apply to subsidies; and negotiating a new WTO agreement for renewable
subsidies. This article argues that the best approach would be to apply GATT
Article XX to the SCM.

   Part II of this article provides background information on renewable
subsidies and the current WTO regime governing subsidies. Part III discusses the
proposed legal solutions to the WTO's green subsidy problem. Part IV compares
the proposed solutions and concludes that applying GATT Article XX to the SCM is
the best approach.

    [*518]  II. BACKGROUND

   This section provides background information on both renewable subsidies and
WTO law governing subsidies. Subpart Adiscusses the economics and policy of
renewable subsidies. Subpart B discusses WTO law governing subsidies, including
GATT Article XVI, the AoA, and the SCM.

   A. RENEWABLE SUBSIDIES

   Investment in renewable energy is a core strategy to address climate change.
n7 According to the influential Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change,
climate change is the "greatest and widest-ranging market failure ever seen."
n8 Specifically, renewable energy provides society with benefits, which
economists call positive externalities. The current price of renewable energy
fails to take these benefits into account, and so the price is higher than would
be socially optimal.  n9 Similarly, fossil fuels burden society with
costs--particularly climate change--which economists call negative
externalities.  n10 But these fuels' current price fails to take these societal
costs into account, so the price is lower than would be socially optimal.  n11

   The standard economic response to correct this sort of market failure would
be government intervention that forces renewable energy and fossil fuel prices
to reflect the benefits and costs each places on society.  n12 Specific measures
to achieve this end include Pigovian taxes on carbon emissions,  n13 as well as
subsidies intended to redress economic injustices or imbalances.  n14
Governments employ a variety of measures to transfer an economic advantage to
companies investing in renewables or to consumers who buy renewable energy,
including grants, loans, tax incentives, and price support.  n15 Price supports
include FITs.  n16 Of these measures, two have given rise to disputes at the WTO
for their impacts on other countries' renewable industries: FITs and local
content requirements.

    [*519]  A FIT is a minimum guaranteed price that an electricity company must
pay a private independent producer for a kilowatt hour of renewable energy.  n17
In effect, FITs require governments or electricity companies that make their
money from fossil fuels to provide stable prices and demand upon which renewable
energy producers can rely.  n18 FITs have proven successful, especially as part
of a broad package of support measures that also includes tax deductions, "soft"
loans, and investment incentives for selected technologies.  n19

   A local content requirement is an obligation to use a certain percentage of
domestic input in the manufacture of a given product.  n20 Such requirements are
widely considered to be effective for achieving industrial policy objectives.
n21 They also grant sure and fast development of the domestic industry.  n22
Accordingly, governments use these requirements to ensure the steady development
of crucial or strategic sectors,  n23 often including renewable energy.  n24
Local content requirements for renewable energy can be a part of many industrial
development schemes, such as subsidies, investment agreements, partnerships, and
joint ventures with foreign actors.  n25

   China has implemented local content requirements with perhaps the greatest
intensity and success. Thanks to a general "Buy Chinese" policy that favors
local manufacturers, seventy low-cost local producers now supply about
seventy-five percent of new wind turbines.  n26 This policy was first embodied
in the Wind  [*520]  Power Concession Program adopted in 2004 with a twenty-year
operation period and now revoked after a challenge brought by the United States
at the WTO.  n27 This government-run bidding program encouraged domestic and
foreign companies to develop wind projects, but required foreign enterprises to
procure locally seventy percent of parts and components used for products
manufactured in China.  n28 China's Renewable Energy Law extended this
requirement to all renewable energy projects throughout the country.  n29

   B. WTO LAW GOVERNING SUBSIDIES

   Governments have used subsidies since at least the sixteenth century, both to
promote national economic, social, and political policy as well as to correct
market distortions.  n30 However, subsidies often have harmful, unfair effects
on neighboring states' trade and production.  n31 Moreover, subsidies distort
competition because they provide domestic producers with a considerable
advantage against foreign competitors.  n32 Finally, one state's subsidies may
prompt another state to subsidize its own industry or retaliate by blocking
imports, which may in turn prompt the first state to increase its subsidization.
n33 This launches a subsidies arms race leaving both states worse off than
before.  n34

   To address these issues, Article XVI of the original 1947 GATT provided some
guidance on subsidies.  n35 However, the original Article XVI was limited: It
did not define subsidies and allowed member states to grant or maintain any
subsidy  [*521]  as long as they notified other contracting parties.  n36
Subsidies were then only addressed when they caused or threatened to cause
serious prejudice to the interests of any other contracting party.  n37 Even in
this event, the state granting the subsidy was only required, upon request, to
"discuss with the other contracting party or parties concerned, or with the
Contracting Parties, the possibility of limiting the subsidization."  n38

   International regulation of subsidies  n39 began in earnest with the
establishment of the WTO in 1995.  n40 The Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the
World Trade Organization incorporated Article XVI into the new international
trade regime and provided three new, substantive sources of law governing
subsidies: the SCM for industrial subsidies;  n41 the AoA for agricultural
subsidies;  n42 and a robust new dispute resolution system, which has generated
non-binding case law that may elucidate how the above agreements are to be
interpreted.  n43 Each of these sources of law is discussed in turn below.

1. Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures ("SCM"): Prohibited,
Actionable, and Nonactionable Subsidies

   The SCM is not intended to discipline all manners of government support for
industry, but rather focuses on government support that distorts international
trade.  n44 Different subsidies target different production stages and
objectives, which means they have disparate impacts on trade; accordingly, the
WTO's  [*522]  regulatory approach also varies.  n45 The WTO use to treat
favorably subsidies that may have distorted trade, but had one of a few,
preapproved policy goals; for example, research and development.  n46 At the
same time, the WTO has always stringently opposed subsidies that distort trade,
such as export subsidies and local content requirements.  n47

   The SCM achieves these policies through a series of legal tests. First, SCM
Article 1 defines a subsidy as a financial contribution by a government or
public body that confers a benefit to an enterprise.  n48 SCM Article 2 defines
"specific" subsidies as those limited to certain enterprises.  n49 Only specific
subsidies are subject to the SCM; all other support that does not meet that
definition falls outside of the scope of the agreement.  n50

   Once a specific subsidy has been established, it falls into one of three
categories: prohibited, actionable, or nonactionable.  n51 Each category is
subject to its own set of rules.

   SCM Article 3 governs prohibited subsidies--subsidies contingent on export
performance and use of local content.  n52 One example is China's Wind Power
Concession Program, discussed above, which granted subsidies to wind farms
conditioned on using Chinese-made components. In the eyes of the WTO, prohibited
subsidies are seen as a "double measure of support" and trade-distorting per se.
n53 This is precisely why, at the WTO level, local content subsidies
are--together with export subsidies--given stricter treatment: total
prohibition. Nevertheless, as a policy matter, obligations to source certain
inputs locally are effective tools for both industrial and environmental
objectives.  n54

    [*523]  SCM Article 6 governs actionable subsidies--subsidies that are not
trade-distorting per se, but nevertheless may in fact have adverse impacts on
another WTO member.  n55 One hypothetical example may be loan guarantees for
electric cars, which are not trade-distorting per se, but which may give
domestic electric car producers an advantage that harms foreign electric car
producers. However, it is important to note that the WTO will only address a
subsidy as actionable if the complaining country shows that the subsidy has an
actual adverse impact on its interests.  n56 If not prohibited or actionable, a
subsidy is permitted.  n57

   SCM Article 8 initially provided for a third category of subsidies--so-called
nonactionable subsidies.  n58 Such subsidies were deemed not actionable
regardless of their impact on another member, and included subsides for research
and development, assistance to disadvantaged regions, and assistance to promote
adaptation to environmental requirements.  n59 Nonactionable subsidies expired
in 2000.  n60

   2. Agreement on Agriculture (AoA)

   The AoA split subsidies regimes into agricultural and industrial products.
n61 As clarified in Annex 1 to the Agreement, agricultural products are those
listed in Chapters 1 to 24 of the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding
System.  n62 In contrast to the SCM's prohibition of all export subsidies, the
AoA permits them in some cases.  n63 TheAoAalso opts for a more effective
proscriptive approach--it is not necessary to demonstrate the adverse impact of
a measure; all that matters is whether the subsidy complies with the provisions
of the Agreement.  n64

   The main goal of the AoA  n65 is to progressively reduce "agricultural
support and protection" through a comprehensive strategy covering three
"pillars," or  [*524]  areas of action: market access, domestic support, and
export subsidies.  n66 As far as domestic support is concerned, the AoA
classifies subsidies into three "Boxes"--Amber, Blue, and Green--depending on
their impacts on production and trade.  n67 The Amber Box includes forms of
support that must be progressively phased out by the member states; however,
countries that provided such support during the base period are not asked to
remove it altogether, but rather to undertake reduction commitments.  n68 Such
countries have also agreed to cap their annual total expenditure on domestic
support, expressed in the so-called Aggregate Measure of Support ("AMS").  n69
The Blue Box contains production-limiting programs, but are not prohibited under
the AoA.  n70 Reduction commitments do not apply to those subsidies that cause
at most minimal distortion of trade or production and are covered by the Green
Box.  n71

   3. Case Law under the Agreement on SCM

   Besides the SCM and AoA, the Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade
Organization also enacted the Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing
the Settlement of Disputes, also called the Dispute Settlement Understanding.
n72 This robust system for resolving trade disputes established two new
institutions: WTO panels and the WTO Appellate Body.  n73 WTO panels are a
hybrid between arbitral panels and U.S. district courts--like arbitral panels,
they are composed anew for a specific dispute and consist of three ad hoc
arbiters, and like U.S. district courts, they have the power to resolve
questions of law and fact  [*525]  and issue a decision, called a panel report,
which is binding on the parties.  n74 WTO panel reports can be appealed to the
WTO Appellate Body, a standing body of seven members empowered to resolve
questions of WTO law, like a U.S. appellate court.  n75 However, unlike a U.S.
appellate court, the WTO Appellate Body lacks the power to remand a case to a
panel to resolve questions of fact, which may leave some cases unresolved.  n76
WTO panel and Appellate Body reports are not binding authority such as common
law cases.  n77 Nevertheless, WTO panels and the Appellate Body often rely on
past reports as persuasive authority, allowing a sort of case law to develop.
n78

   Five disputes related to renewable energy have been initiated under the SCM,
although only two have produced WTO panel and Appellate Body reports that can
help clarify the WTO approach towards such types of governmental support. No
disputes related to renewable energy have been initiated under the AoA.

   What can be concluded from the analysis below is that both the panel and
Appellate Body have interpreted the SCM quite narrowly, so as to not leave much
space to states' policies in favor of renewables. This contrasts with the
inarguable evolution of the WTO case law in favor of the objectives articulated
in the WTO preamble for balancing trade and non-trade concerns, especially the
environment.  n79 It is also worth noting that in contrast to the five disputes
regarding  [*526]  renewables, no dispute has ever been brought in relation to
measures supporting fossil fuels--especially oil.  n80 On the other hand,
several disputes have been brought concerning export and local content subsidies
.  n81

   The only two disputes that have produced panel and Appellate Body reports are
Canada--Feed-In Tariff Program and Canada--Renewable Energy, brought against
Canada by the EU and Japan, respectively.  n82 The same Canadian measures and
WTO provisions were at issue in both disputes.  n83 Both the EU and Japan
challenged a FIT program established by the Canadian province of Ontario in
2009.  n84 Like all FIT programs, Ontario's set high, guaranteed, long-term
prices at which renewable energy generation facilities could sell their product.
n85 However, Ontario's FIT also required a certain percentage of labor and
manufacturing input in order to be eligible for the program.  n86 The
complainants argued that this eligibility requirement was a local content
requirement, and therefore the FIT program was prohibited under SCM Article 3.
n87 In reports circulated on December 19, 2012, the panels rejected the
complainants' challenges, reasoning that Ontario's FIT did not meet the
definition of a subsidy under the SCM, and therefore that it could not be a
prohibited local content subsidy under SCM Article 3.  n88 However, the analysis
section, below, discusses how the report  [*527]  circulated by the Appellate
Body casts doubt on the accuracy of the panels' reasoning.  n89

   The third dispute is China--Measures Concerning Wind Power Equipment.  n90 In
2010, the United States carried out an investigation of a broad variety of
Chinese policies and practices affecting trade and investment in wind
technology.  n91 Based on the results of the investigation, the United States
requested consultations with China at the WTO on February 16, 2011--often the
first step in a WTO dispute.  n92 During these consultations, the United States
did not cover all the issues raised in the investigation, but rather focused on
subsidies.  n93 The United States stated its view that the subsidies provided to
Chinese wind turbine manufacturers under the Special Fund program--through which
Chinese manufacturers of wind turbines and of components of wind turbines could
receive multiple grants--were prohibited under SCM Article 3 because they were
conditioned upon the use of domestic goods.  n94 Following those consultations,
China took action formally revoking the legal measure that had created the
Special Fund program, ending the WTO dispute before a panel or Appellate Body
could address the issue.  n95

   Two new requests for consultation were made in 2012 and 2013: European Union
and Certain Member States--Certain Measures Affecting the Renewable Energy
Generation Sector and India--Certain Measures Relating to Solar Cells and Solar
Modules, respectively.  n96 In the first case, China requested consultations
with the EU, Greece, and Italy regarding certain FIT programs implemented by a
number of EU member states in the renewable energy sector.  n97 In the second,
the United States challenged Indian measures relating to domestic content
requirements under the Jawaharial Nehru National Solar Mission ("NSM") for solar
[*528]  cells and solar modules.  n98 As of the summer of 2015, neither dispute
has produced a panel report that clarifies WTO law on renewable subsidies.

   III. ANALYSIS

   Given the WTO law on subsidies outlined above, how can the WTO adjust to
accommodate renewable subsidies? This section discusses three possible legal
solutions that would not require a change to the text of any WTO agreement:
interpreting the more permissive AoA to cover subsidies for ethanol;
interpreting the definition of a subsidy under the SCM to exclude some
government support--especially FITs--from the WTO subsidies regime entirely; and
applying WTO precedent, logic, and established principles of international law
to clarify the relationship between the SCM and GATT, such that the
environmental exception in GATT Article XX may apply to the SCM. Finally, this
section also discusses the possibility of negotiating a new WTO agreement
specially designed for renewable subsidies.

   A. APPLYING THE AOA TO SUBSIDIES FOR ETHANOL

   Interpreting the more permissive AoA to cover ethanol subsidies would better
accommodate renewable energy subsidies. There are subsidies that are permissible
under the AoA, but contravene the SCM. This is why the classification of a
product as agricultural or industrial has considerable consequences. For
renewable subsidies, this distinction matters when classifying a product as
ethanol or biodiesel. Most types of ethanol are listed in Chapters 1 to 24 of
the Harmonized Commodity Description and Coding System,  n99 and would therefore
be classified as an agricultural product covered by the AoA. In contrast,
biodiesel is listed elsewhere in the Harmonized System, and is therefore
classified as an industrial product that falls under the SCM.

   This means that ethanol-related subsidies fall into one of the AoA "Boxes."
It is generally agreed that most forms of support for ethanol production fall
into the Amber Box, which grants them more favorable treatment than biodiesel
subsidies receive under the SCM.

   B. INTERPRETING THE DEFINITION OF A SUBSIDY TO EXCLUDE FEED-IN TARIFFS
("FITS") FROM THE SCM

   The disputes discussed above involve support for renewable energy conditioned
on use of local content, although only Ontario's FIT Program has produced
[*529]  panel or Appellate Body reports.  n100 However, the debate about FIT
programs under the WTO is actually far broader than a debate about subsidies,
and implicates the WTO's treatment of all types of regulatory measures.  n101

   As a matter of policy, the WTO is designed to be more deferential to member
states' regulations, which are a crucial aspect of sovereignty and are more
closely linked to the specific priorities of each state than subsidies.  n102
Accordingly, some authors argue that FITs should fall outside the scope of the
SCM. For example, Robert Howse argues that FITs "represent a regulation of the
electricity market, and their directive character goes to regulating market
behavior and transactions, not imposing a governmental function on a private
body."  n103 At the same time, also as a matter of policy, the WTO should
intervene when regulation distorts or restricts international trade and
therefore harms other member states' industries.  n104 Accordingly, other
authors argue that regulatory measures that provide support that is as direct or
immediate as subsidies should also be covered.  n105

   SCM Article 1 provides a legal answer to this policy issue through its
definition of a subsidy. Measures that qualify as subsidies are subject to the
disciplines of the SCM; however, measures that fall short of the definition are
not subsidies and are free of the SCM, akin to regulations. As discussed in
Section II.B.1 above, the two necessary criteria for a subsidy under SCM Article
1 are a financial contribution by a government or public body and conferring a
benefit to an enterprise. The panels and Appellate Body's application of these
criteria to Ontario's FIT program are discussed in turn below.

    [*530]  1. Does a FIT Provide a Financial Contribution?

   SCM Article 1 enumerates governmental measures that qualify as financial
contributions, thus providing for a high degree of certainty and predictability.
n106 These enumerated measures are the direct transfer of funds; government
revenue otherwise due that is foregone or not collected; and the provision of
goods or services or the purchase of goods.  n107 According to the same
provision, these measures need not be public in nature: when entrusted or
directed by the government, measures carried out by private entities still
qualify as financial contributions.  n108

   Moreover, the aforementioned enumerated measures are not mutually exclusive.
The Appellate Body in the Canada--Renewable Energy and Canada--Feed-In Tariff
Program disputes, quoting a previous dispute,  n109 stated that "a transaction
could be covered by more than one subparagraph" because there is "no 'or'
included between the subparagraphs." In this specific case, Japan had initially
claimed that Ontario's FIT program would qualify as both "direct transfer of
funds" and "purchase of goods," under SCM Article 1(a)(1)(i) and 1(a)(1)(iii).
n110 The panel considered the FIT program as a "purchase of goods," and ruled
out the second possible qualification based on the assumption that such finding
would infringe "[the] principle of [effective treaty interpretation]" by
allowing the measure to fall into more than one Article 1 subparagraph.  n111
The Appellate Body reversed the panel's findings, holding that a measure may
fall under two or more subparagraphs.  n112 However, it deemed the claimant's
arguments that the FIT was a direct transfer of funds insufficient and only
considered whether the FIT was a purchase of goods.  n113

   However, the panels and the Appellate Body did agree that Ontario's FIT
program involved a purchase of goods. One of the panel's main arguments was that
the "Government of Ontario takes possession over electricity and therefore
'purchases' electricity."  n114 According to the panel, what is required by the
term "purchase" is the mere "payment (usually monetary) in exchange for a good."
n115  [*531]  A purchase of goods does not require that the entity purchasing
the goods--in this case, the government--use the goods itself.  n116 Nor does it
require physical possession over the goods purchased.  n117 Physical possession
of electricity would be inherently impossible because it is "an intangible good
that, in general, cannot be stored and must be consumed almost at the same time
it is produced."  n118 Therefore, Ontario's FIT program was deemed a purchase of
goods, satisfying the first criterion to be a subsidy in the eyes of the WTO.

   2. Does a FIT Confer a Benefit?

   WTO panels and the Appellate Body have reasoned that analysis of whether a
benefit exists should focus not on whether the recipient is better off than its
competitors, but rather on whether the recipient is better off than it would
have been without the financial contribution.  n119 The panels in both
Canada--Renewable Energy and Canada--Feed-In Tariff Program sought to apply this
test to the FIT.  n120

   In theory, support measures for renewables may not actually confer a benefit
under this test, and are therefore not subsidies. As discussed previously,
fossil fuel prices are unnaturally low, because they do not account for their
negative externalities, including climate change. In contrast, renewable energy
prices are unnaturally high because they fail to capture the positive
externalities they provide society. This creates a condition of disadvantage for
renewable energy producers--a disadvantage that FITs and similar support
measures merely compensate for.  n121 Therefore, such support may not put
recipients in a better position than they would otherwise be, and therefore
would not confer a benefit according to the test articulated above. Such
measures' impact on competition need not be considered under the same test.

   In practice, however, the WTO panels and Appellate Body were not able to
reach this question in the two Ontario FIT cases. Instead, the WTO panels found
that the complaining parties had simply failed to prove the existence of a
benefit,  [*532]  and the WTO Appellate Body--which lacks the power of
remand--found that it had insufficient facts to carry out its legal analysis.
Ontario's FIT program was held not to have violated the SCM, although the above
theory was never tested.

   Specifically, in order to compare the position of the recipient with and
without the financial contribution, WTO panels and the Appellate Body identify
the specific marketplace and use it as a benchmark.  n122 As stated by the
Appellate Body, "that a financial contribution confers an advantage on its
recipient cannot be determined in absolute terms, but requires a comparison with
a benchmark, which, in the case of subsidies, derives from the market."  n123
However, in both Ontario FIT cases, the panels concluded that the marketplace
identified by the complainants--the wholesale electricity market that existed in
Ontario--could not be used as a reliable indicator because it was not
competitive enough.  n124 Although a market may serve as a benchmark even with
some government intervention, government intervention that is so complete that
it makes it impossible to determine whether a recipient is better off precludes
using that marketplace as a benchmark.  n125 This evaluation led the panels to
conclude that the existence of a benefit had not been proved.  n126

   The Appellate Body highlighted two problems with this analysis.  n127
According to the Appellate Body, not only did the panels not follow the right
sequence of steps in the benefit analysis--they should have started, rather than
concluding, with the definition of the relevant market--but the analysis itself
was inaccurate.  n128  [*533]  The panels should not have limited their analysis
to the benchmarks proposed in the complainants' argument, but should have
considered additional factors discernible from the complainants' evidence and
argument, including the type of contract, the size of the customer, and the type
of electricity generated.  n129 This may have allowed the panels to identify a
market that could have been used as a benchmark and draw a different conclusion.
Unfortunately, however, the insufficient factual findings in the panel report
made it impossible for the Appellate Body to complete its legal analysis and
make a determination. The Appellate Body therefore also held that there was not
enough evidence to show that Ontario's FIT program conferred a benefit, which
would satisfy the second criterion to be a subsidy in the eyes of the WTO.  n130

   3. Can a FIT or Other Renewable Subsidy Be Justified Under GATT Article XX?

   The Appellate Body avoided the question of whether FITs are subsidies subject
to the SCM by finding that the complainants were not able to prove the existence
of a benefit. However, what would have happened if the panels or Appellate Body
had found that Ontario's FIT provided a financial contribution, conferred a
benefit, and was contingent on the use of local content? Would the Appellate
Body have been compelled to deem Ontario's FIT a prohibited subsidy? It may be
interesting to explore legal justifications that would render permissible even
renewable subsidies prohibited under SCM Article 3.

   One such justification has proven extremely controversial: applying the
general exceptions from GATT Article XX to the SCM. GATT Article XX allows
member states to adopt and enforce measures that otherwise contravene GATT, so
long as such measures relate to one of a list of enumerated purposes.  n131 This
list of purposes includes the "conservation of exhaustible natural resources,"
which is widely interpreted to cover environmental purposes.  n132 In contrast,
the SCM lacks an analogous exception clause, in part because the Agreement was
negotiated in the late 1980s and early 1990s when the world was moving towards
privatization and free markets.  n133 Nevertheless, can GATT Article XX apply to
a subsidy, even though subsidies are governed by the SCM and not GATT? In other
words, can the SCM Agreement integrate the provisions of GATT Article XX?

   Various arguments can be made against applying GATT Article XX to subsidies.
First, other WTO treaties explicitly invoke GATT Article XX. For example, the
Agreement on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures ("SPS") makes  [*534]  express
reference to GATT Article XX(b) in SPS Articles 1 and 2.4.  n134 The SCM
contains no such explicit invocation.  n135 Furthermore, not only does the SCM
not mention GATT Article XX, but it specifically excludes from the scope of the
provisions what is "provided in the Agreement on Agriculture."  n136 Finally, as
discussed above, SCM Article 8 renders some subsidies nonactionable, including
some subsidies for environmental purposes.  n137 However, SCM Article 8 was
allowed to elapse without being renewed. The existence of an exception provi
sion similar to Article XX, but designed exclusively for the SCM Agreement could
be seen as a sign that GATTArticle XX should not apply to the SCM.  n138

   On the other hand, arguments can also be made in favor of the applicability
of GATT Article XX to the SCM. First, there is a hierarchy of different
agreements within the WTO legal framework. GATT applies as soon as trade in
goods is affected, and can be therefore classified as law governing trade
generally--lex generalis. The SCM Agreement--as well as other agreements such as
the SPS, the AoA, the Agreement on Technical Barriers to Trade, etc.--has a
specific--scope of application and therefore qualifies as law governing a
specific subject matter--lex specialis. According to broadly accepted customary
international law, as interpreted by numerous international courts and
tribunals, law governing a specific subject matter takes precedence over general
law in case of conflict lex specialis derogat legi generali.  n139 At the same
time, lex generalis always remains available to fill gaps where lex specialis
does not specifically contemplate otherwise. Accordingly, the SCM's lack of an
environmental exception is a gap in the lex specialis, allowing GATT Article XX
to apply as lex generalis.

   The second argument is purely logical. Specifically, GATT covers
measures--such as total bans and quotas--which are widely known as more
restrictive and trade-distorting than subsidies.  n140 And yet GATT Article XX
means that even such trade-distorting measure may be permissible for
environmental purposes. Therefore, how can GATT Article XX end up allowing more
distorting measures  [*535]  on environmental grounds, but ban less distorting
subsidies for the same reason? Denying the applicability of the exceptions set
out in GATT Article XX to subsidies would thus create irreversible and
unjustified policy inconsistencies.

Finally, the last argument is based on WTO case law. In China--Publications and
Audiovisual Products,  n141 the Appellate Body agreed that GATT Article XX could
apply to Article 5.1 of China's Protocol of Accession  n142 for the first time,
allowing for GATT Article XX to be possibly applied beyond the scope of GATT
itself.  n143 Like the SCM, China's Protocol of Accession does not expressly
invoke GATT Article XX and has no analogous exception provision.  n144 If the
Appellate Body can apply GATT Article XX to China's Protocol of Accession, why
not also apply it to the SCM? Nevertheless, there is still a crucial difference
between China's Accession Protocol and the SCM: the latter--like the other WTO
agreements--does not include a general "without prejudice clause" as written in
China's Accession Protocol. Whether this obstacle could be overcome or not based
on the legal relationship between the SCM and GATT provision is still debated.

   Will the WTO adopt this argument based on the lex specialis principle? On the
one hand, the WTO panel and Appellate Body may be unlikely to agree to the
application of Article XX to the SCM, as, in the interpretation of WTO
agreements, they have often adopted a narrow approach that appears to apply the
Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties--the treaty on interpreting
treaties--mechanically. On the other hand, the recent ruling in
China--Publications and Audiovisual Products case is a welcome development in
WTO jurisprudence, which may signal the Appellate Body's willingness to take a
bolder approach. Undoubtedly, allowing GATT Article XX to be used to justify any
WTO violation--even beyond the list of objectives mentioned therein--would
confer considerable power to the panel and the Appellate Body, increasing the
discretion they already exercise in the "weighing and balancing" activity
required under Article XX. Such a decision would also help clarify the complex
WTO treaty structure and the relationship between the provisions of the WTO
Agreements.

    [*536]  4. Do We Need a New WTO Agreement?

   If none of the interpretative solutions discussed above are available, the
only approach may be to negotiate a new WTO agreement or modify an existing WTO
agreement. Unfortunately, new and modified WTO agreements are extremely
difficult to reach, as demonstrated by the collapse of the Doha Development
Round negotiations.  n145 Undeniably, however, a new or modified agreement may
allow WTO members to draft an agreement that better balances the need to prevent
unfair subsidies with the need to cultivate renewable energy. Such an agreement
would have to take into account two considerations.

   First, the non-inclusion of the terms "energy" or "renewable energy" in any
WTO agreement makes it hard for WTO rules to fully acknowledge and value the
specific obstacles faced by renewable energy producers and consumers. It is
necessary to weigh the positive externalities of renewable energy use against
the negative ones created by fossil fuels when evaluating national policies, and
the WTO still lacks a suitable mechanism to achieve this goal.

   Second, the need to condemn local content requirements should be balanced
with the necessity, for developing and emerging economies, of developing and
improving their own domestic renewable energy industry. A subsidy program
completely void of a local content requirement would hardly help the country
develop its own domestic production and market. One possible solution could be
to include a period of transition, provided for in the Protocol of Accession,
where the local content requirements are accepted by the WTO until a certain
level of development is reached.

   Finally, there is another approach to modifying the SCM that may be easier
politically. As discussed above, SCM Article 8 formerly allowed nonactionable
subsidies regardless of their effects on other member states,  n146 which
represented a narrowly tailored exception to the SCM discipline and covered
certain assistance to research activities, disadvantaged regions, and the
promotion of the adaptation of existing facilities to new environmental
requirements.  n147 This provision could have been used to allow renewable
energy subsidies but it expired in 2000.  n148 The WTO's Committee on Subsidies
and Countervailing Measures could agree to revive the nonactionable subsidies.
The Committee consists of all the members of the WTO  n149 and may therefore be
an unwieldy forum for negotiation. However, SCM Article 8 provides
pre-negotiated environ mental text, which may ease its passage.

    [*537]  IV. CONCLUSION

   Renewable subsidies are crucial for combating climate change. Yet the
relevant WTO law developed in an era of privatization, when subsidies were
considered bad economic policy.  n150 This article has proposed three methods
that would allow WTO panels and the Appellate Body to interpret existing WTO law
to regulate renewable subsidies more effectively. A new WTO agreement for
renewable subsidies is a fourth possibility. But which of these approaches is
most likely to be effective?

   Applying the AoA to renewable subsidies is an insufficient solution, because
the agreement applies only to a small subset of renewable subsidies for products
related to Chapters 1 to 24 of the Harmonized System. This is helpful for
ethanol subsidies but little else. Interpreting the SCM's definition of
subsidies to exclude some government support for renewable energy is a similarly
limited solution. The approach may be effective for regulatory measures like
FITs, which either do not provide a financial contribution or a benefit. But
many other common means of supporting renewable energy--tax incentives, direct
payments, low-interest credit, etc.--do provide financial contributions and
benefits. Therefore, while useful, this approach cannot support a comprehensive
renewable subsidies regime necessary to cultivate a renewable energy sector.
Finally, negotiating a new agreement seems difficult, although an agreement to
revive the nonactionable category of subsidies may be easier given that there is
no new text to be negotiated.

   Therefore, the best approach is for WTO panels and the Appellate Body to
clarify the relationship between GATT and the SCM, such that the environmental
exception in GATT Article XX applies to the SCM. This is a controversial
proposition. Nevertheless, there are at least three potential legal arguments
supporting such an application: the application of the lex specialis principle,
the logical argument that less trade-distorting subsidies should be treated no
more stringently than the more trade-distorting measures already governed by
GATT Article XX, and the example set when the Appellate Body applied GATT
Article XX to China's Protocol of Accession in China--Publications and
Audiovisual Products. Besides these legal arguments, there is also a powerful
policy argument in favor of applying GATT Article XX to the SCM: an effective
WTO regime for renewable subsidies must balance legitimate trade and
environmental concerns. Article XX was designed to achieve this balance for
tariffs and other non-subsidy measures and therefore may be best suited to
achieve this balance for subsidies.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Energy & Utilities LawElectric Power IndustryGeneral OverviewInternational Trade
LawTrade AgreementsEnvironmental ProvisionsGeneral OverviewInternational Trade
LawTrade AgreementsIntellectual Property Provisions

FOOTNOTES:





n1  The international commitments on climate change and global warming are
enshrined in the text of the Kyoto Protocol ("the Protocol"), which was adopted
in 1997. The Protocol sets explicit emission targets for certain signatory
countries: each of these countries was to reduce its greenhouse gas ("GHG")
emissions, so that its total emissions did not exceed a specified percentage of
its base period emissions. Developing and least developed countries did not make
specific commitments, but could benefit from certain flexible mechanisms
provided for in the Protocol and thus contribute to the global emission
reduction goal. See generally INTERNATIONAL LAWAND GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE (Robin
Churchill & David Freestone eds., 1991); FRIEDRICH SOLTAU, FAIRNESS IN
INTERNATIONAL CLIMATE CHANGE LAW AND POLICY (2011); RODA VERHEYEN, CLIMATE
CHANGE DAMAGE AND INTERNATIONAL LAW: PREVENTION DUTIES AND STATE
RESPONSIBILITIES (2005); WORLD CLIMATE CHANGE: THE ROLE OF INTERNATIONAL LAWAND
INSTITUTIONS (Ved P. Nanda ed., 1983).





n2  According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ("IPCC"), "one of
the most effective incentives for fostering GHG reductions are the price
supports associated with the production of renewable energy, which tend to be
set at attractive levels. These price supports have resulted in the significant
expansion of the renewable energy sector in OECD countries due to the
requirement that electric power producers purchase such electricity at
favourable prices." INTERGOVERNMENTAL PANEL ON CLIMATE CHANGE, CLIMATE CHANGE
2007: MITIGATION OF CLIMATE CHANGE 762 (2007). The IPCC was established in 1988
by the World Meteorological Organization ("WMO") and the United Nations
Environment Programme ("UNEP"). Organization, INTERGOVERNMENTAL PANEL ON CLIMATE
CHANGE, http://www.ipcc.ch/organization/organization.shtml (last visited Oct.
10, 2015). The main task of this scientific body is to provide the leading
powers with a clear scientific view on the current state of climate change and
its potential environmental and socioeconomic consequences. Id. The IPCC has
released five Assessment Reports since 1990: the first in 1990; and then in
1995; 2001; 2007; and 2014. History, INTERGOVERNMENTAL PANEL ON CLIMATE CHANGE,
http://www.ipcc.ch/organization/organization_history.shtml (last visited Oct.
10, 2015). The fifth assessment report consists of three Working Group ("WG")
reports and a Synthesis Report ("SYR"). Id. All IPCC documents are available on
the IPCC website: http://www.ipcc.ch/ (last visited Jan. 16, 2015).





n3  See INT'L TRADE ADMIN., FACT SHEET: COMMERCE FINDS DUMPING & SUBSIDIZATION
OF CRYSTALLINE SILICON PHOTOVOLTAIC CELLS, WHETHER OR NOT ASSEMBLED INTO MODULES
FROM THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA (2012),
http://enforcement.trade.gov/download/factsheets/factsheet_prc-solar-cells-ad-cv
d-finals-20121010.pdf (Department of Commerce finding that China subsidized
solar industry); see also Melissa C. Lott, Solyndra: Soft Markets and Chinese
Subsidies, SCI. AM. (Nov. 18, 2011),
http://blogs.scientificamerican.com/plugged-in/solyndra-soft-markets-chinese-
subsidies-no-apologies.





n4  Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh
Agreement Establishing theWorld Trade Organization, Annex 1A, 1869 U.N.T.S. 14
[hereinafter SCM].





n5  For example, Article XX of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
("GATT") includes an environmental exception for tariffs and other non-subsidy
measures. General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, Oct. 30, 1947, Annex 1A, 55
U.N.T.S [hereinafter GATT].





n6  The SCM was negotiated during the 1980s and 1990s, a period when the world's
economic consensus approved of privatization and disapproved of subsidies. See,
e.g., John B. Goodman & Gary W. Loveman, Does Privatization Serve the Public
Interest?, 69 HARV. BUS. REV. 26, 26 (1991).





n7  See Luca Rubini, The Subsidization of Renewable Energy in the WTO: Issues
and Perspectives, NCCR TRADE REGULATION, 1, 2-5 (June 2011).





n8  NICHOLAS STERN, STERN REVIEW: THE ECONOMICS OF CLIMATE CHANGE i (2007).





n9  Rubini, supra note 7, at 5.





n10  STERN, supra note 8, at 363.





n11  Id. at xix-xx.





n12  See id. at 35.





n13  A Pigovian tax is a tax applied to an economic activity that generates
negative externalities. Agnar Sandmo, Pigouvian taxes, in 6 THE NEW PALGRAVE
DICTIONARY OF ECONOMICS 435 (Steven N. Durlauf & Lawrence E. Blume eds., 2008).





n14  STERN, supra note 8, at 35.





n15  See MIGUELMENDON[#xC7]A ET AL., POWERING THE GREEN ECONOMY: THE FEED-IN
TARIFF HANDBOOK (2009); Anthony D. Owen, Renewable Energy: Externality Costs as
Market Barriers, 34 ENERGY POL'Y 632 (2006); Rubini, supra note 7, at 5;
Simonetta Zarrilli, Domestic Taxation of Energy Products and Multilateral Trade
Rules: Is This a Case of Unlawful Discrimination?, 37 J.WORLD TRADE 359 (2003).





n16  See generally MIGUEL MENDON[#xC7]A, FEED-IN TARIFFS: ACCELERATING THE
DEPLOYMENT OF RENEWABLE ENERGY (2012); MENDON[#xC7]A ET AL., supra note 15;
Mario Ragwitz et al., Promotion of Renewable Energy Sources: Effects on
Innovation, 2 INT'L J. PUBLIC POL'Y 35, 56 (2007).





n17  MENDON[#xC7]A ET AL., supra note 15, at xxi-xxii.





n18  Id.





n19  See, e.g., Lucy Butler & Karsten Neuhoff, Comparison of Feed-in Tariff,
Quota and Auction Mechanisms to Support Wind Power Development, 33 RENEWABLE
ENERGY 1854 (2008).





n20  Luca Rubini, Ain't Wastin' Time No More: Subsidies for Renewable Energy,
the SCM Agreement, Policy Space, and Law Reform, 15 J. INT'L ECON. L. 525, 530
(2012).





n21  Id. at 551.





n22  Id. See generally HA-JOON CHANG, KICKING AWAY THE LADDER: DEVELOPMENT
STRATEGY IN HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE (2003); DANI RODRIK, ONE ECONOMICS, MANY
RECIPES: GLOBALIZATION, INSTITUTIONS, AND ECONOMIC GROWTH (2008).





n23  In particular, local content requirements have become an effective
regulatory tool for foreign direct investments in developing countries, where it
assists developing countries in realizing employment and technology transfer
benefits. See Chi-Chur Chao & Eden S.H. Yu, Content Protection, Urban
Unemployment and Welfare, 26 CAN. J. ECON. 481 (1993); Kala Krishna & Motoshige
Itoh, Content Protection and Oligopolistic Interactions, 55 REV. ECON. STUD. 107
(1988); Sajal Lahiri & Yoshiyasu Ono, Foreign Direct Investment, Local Content
Requirement, and Profit Taxation, 108 ECON. J. 444 (1998); Florencio
Lopez-de-Silanes et al., Trade Policy Subtleties with Multinational Firms, 40
EUR. ECON. REV. 1605 (1996); Martin Richardson, Content Protection with Foreign
Capital, 24 OXFORD ECON. PAPERS 103 (1993).





n24  See, e.g., GOV'T OF INDIA, MINISTRY OF NEW & RENEWABLE ENERGY, REPORT OF
THE WORKING GROUP ON NEW AND RENEWABLE ENERGY FOR XITH FIVE YEAR PLAN (2007-12)
(2006); THE TWELFTH FIVE-YEAR PLAN FOR NATIONAL ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL DEVELOPMENT
OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA 46-47 (English Section of the Cent. Document
Translation Dep't of the Cent. Compilation & Translation Bureau, Beijing, China
trans., 2011).





n25  See, e.g., KPMG, TAXES AND INCENTIVES FOR RENEWABLE ENERGY 16-17 (2011),
https://www.kpmg.com/Global/en/IssuesAndInsights/ArticlesPublications/Documents/
Taxes-Incentives-Renewable-Energy-2011.pdf.





n26  See, e.g., VivianWai-yin Kwok, Weakness in Chinese Wind Power, FORBES (July
20, 2009),
http://www.forbes.com/2009/07/20/china-wind-power-business-energy-china.html.





n27  Wind Power in China, ECOWORLD,
http://www.ecoworld.com/energy-fuels/wind-power-in-china.html (last visited
Sept. 13, 2015); Press Release, United States Trade Representative, China Ends
Wind Power Equipment Subsidies Challenged by the United States in WTO Dispute
(June 2007),
https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/press-releases/2011/june/c
hina-ends-wind-power-equipment-subsidies-challenged; see also Request for
Consultations by the United States, China--Measures Concerning Wind Power
Equipment, WTO Doc. WT/DS419/1 (Jan. 6, 2011) [hereinafter China--Wind].





n28  Zhonghua Renmin Gongheguo Ke Zaisheng Nengyuan Fa (2009 xiuding) (([THE
ORIGINAL CHARACTER SET CANNOT BE REPRINTED HERE. PLEASE SEE TEXT IN ORIGINAL
DOCUMENT]) (2009 [THE ORIGINAL CHARACTER SET CANNOT BE REPRINTED HERE. PLEASE
SEE TEXT IN ORIGINAL DOCUMENT])) [Renewable Energy Law of the People's Republic
of China (2009 Revision)] (promulgated by the Standing Comm. Nat'l People's
Cong., Dec. 26, 2009).





n29  The Renewable Energy Law of the People's Republic of China provides a
framework for government intervention in the renewable energy sector, in order
to increase production from renewable sources and boost the Chinese industry.
Id. Within this framework, local production plays a central role. Id. Article 24
states that "The Government budget establishes renewable energy development fund
to support," among others "(5) Localized production of the equipment for the
development and utilization of renewable energy." Id.





n30  For a more detailed historical analysis and background information on
subsidies, see JOHN H. JACKSON, WORLD TRADE AND THE LAW OF GATT (1969); PAOLO
PICONE & ALDO LIGUSTRO, DIRITTO DELL' ORGANIZZAZIONE MONDIALE DEL COMMERCIO 229
(2002); ENNIO TRIGGIANI, GLI AIUTI STATALI ALLE IMPRESE NEL DIRITTO
INTERNAZIONALE E COMUNITARIO 1-41 (1993).





n31  WORLD TRADE ORG., WORLD TRADE REPORT 2006: EXPLORING THE LINKS BETWEEN
SUBSIDIES, TRADE AND THE WTO 55-65 (2006),
https://www.wto.org/english/res_e/booksp_e/anrep_e/world_trade_report06_e.pdf.





n32  Id. at 55.





n33  Id.





n34  Id.





n35  GATT, supra note 5.





n36  Id.





n37  Id.





n38  Id.





n39  See generally PETER VAN DEN BOSSCHE & WERNER ZDOUC, THE LAW AND POLICY OF
THE WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION: TEXT, CASES AND MATERIALS 744-845 (3d ed. 2013);
EDWIN VERMULST & FOLKERT GRAAFSMA, WTO DISPUTES: ANTI-DUMPING, SUBSIDIES AND
SAFEGUARDS 281-459 (2002).





n40  The WTO came into being on January 1, 1995 and is the successor to GATT.
The GATT Years: from Havana to Marrakesh, WORLD TRADE ORG.,
https://www.wto.org/english/thewto_e/whatis_e/tif_e/fact4_e.htm (last visited
Sept. 3, 2015). After World War II, the Bretton Woods Conference took place in
1944 with the objective of creating relevant forums for promoting economic
recovery, maintaining stability, and encouraging open markets. Id. In
particular, GATT was signed after the failure of the negotiating governments to
create the International Trade Organization ("ITO"). Id. During discussions
regarding the ITO, fifteen states began parallel negotiations for GATT as a way
to attain basic and immediate tariff reductions even before the adoption of the
ITO. Id. When the ITO failed in 1950, only GATT survived. Id. GATT, initially
thought of as a provisional agreement, has been ruling the international trade
arena for over 60 years. Id.





n41  SCM, supra note 4.





n42  Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh Agreement Establishing
the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, 1867 U.N.T.S. 410 [hereinafter AoA].





n43  See, e.g., Panel Reports, Canada--Certain Measures Affecting the Renewable
Energy Generation Sector and Canada--Measures Relating to the Feed-In Tariff
Program, WTO Docs. WT/DS412/R, WT/DS426/R (adopted Dec. 19, 2012) [hereinafter
Canada Panel Reports]; Appellate Body Reports, Canada--Certain Measures
Affecting the Renewable Energy Generation Sector and Canada--Measures Relating
to the Feed-In Tariff Program, WTO Docs. WT/DS412/AB/R, WT/DS426/AB/R (adopted
May 6, 2013) [hereinafter Canada Appellate Body Reports].





n44  See SCM, supra note 4, at art. 5.





n45  See GUSTAVO E. LUENGO HERNANDEZ DEMADRID, REGULATION OF SUBSIDIES AND
STATEAIDS IN WTO AND EC LAW: CONFLICTS IN INTERNATIONAL TRADE LAW 8 (2007).





n46  See id. at 455.





n47  Id. at 455, 457.





n48  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 1.





n49  Id. at art. 2.





n50  Id. at art. 1.





n51  For a general overview of the regulation of subsidies provided in the WTO,
see R. K. GUPTA, ANTI-DUMPING AND COUNTERVAILING MEASURES: THE COMPLETE
REFERENCE 107 (1996); ANDREAS F. LOWENFELD, INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC LAW 215-61
(2d ed. 2008); MICHAEL J. TREBILCOCK ET AL., THE REGULATION OF INTERNATIONAL
TRADE 364-410 (4th ed. 2013); JEFFREY WAINCYMER, WTO LITIGATION: PROCEDURAL
ASPECTS OF FORMAL DISPUTE SETTLEMENT 760 (2002); THE WORLD TRADE ORGANIZATION:
LEGAL, ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL ANALYSIS 687-734 (Patrick F. J. Macrory et al.
eds., 2005); Gary N. Horlick & Peggy A. Clarke, WTO Subsidies Discipline During
and After the Crisis, 13 J. INT'L ECON. L. 859 (2010); Debra P. Steger, The
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Agreement: Ahead of its Time or Time for
Reform?, 44 J.WORLD TRADE 779 (2010).





n52  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 3.





n53  Most developing and least developed countries see both export and local
content subsidies as crucial to their industrialization and development, while
industrialized nations have always considered this particular category of
governmental support as severely and inherently trade-distorting. See Steger,
supra note 51, at 787.





n54  See, e.g., Aaron Cosbey, Renewable energy subsidies and the WTO: The wrong
law and the wrong venue, SUBSIDY WATCH 1-3 (June 2011),
http://www.iisd.org/gsi/sites/default/files/sw44_jun_11.pdf.





n55  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 6.





n56  Id. at arts. 5-7.





n57  Id. at arts. 3, 5.





n58  Id. at art. 8.





n59  Subsidies and Countervailing Measures: Overview--Agreement on Subsidies and
Countervailing Measures ("SCM Agreement"), WORLD TRADE ORG.,
https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/scm_e/subs_e.htm (last visited Sept. 3,
2015).





n60  See SCM, supra note 4, at art. 8.





n61  This choice is often motivated by the need to have separate discussions
when an issue is related to two different agreements. Moreover, keeping the
discussion about subsidies in one forum would have made the task of finding a
suitable solution to this complex problem even harder. See RESEARCH HANDBOOK ON
THE WTO AGRICULTURE AGREEMENT: NEW AND EMERGING ISSUES IN INTERNATIONAL
AGRICULTURAL TRADE LAW 1 (Joseph A. McMahon & Melaku Geboye Desta eds., 2012)
[hereinafter RESEARCH HANDBOOK].





n62  AoA, supra note 42, Annex 1.





n63  The same approach is visible in Articles 5 and 6 of the SCM, significantly
titled Adverse Effects and Serious Prejudice, as well as in Part III of the
Agreement dealing with actionable subsidies. SCM, supra note 4, at arts. 5, 6.





n64  AoA, supra note 42, at arts. 6, 9.





n65  See RESEARCH HANDBOOK, supra note 61, at 7.





n66  The reduction of domestic support to the agricultural sector is still at
the core of the Doha Development Agenda. Endorsed mostly by developing
countries, the need to further reduce agricultural support is obvious from the
July 2008 Package drafted in Geneva and seen as an important stepping-stone in
the Doha negotiations. Doha Development Agenda: DohaWork Programme--The July
2008 package, WORLD TRADE ORG.,
https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/dda_e/meet08_e.htm (last visited Sept. 10,
2015).





n67  RESEARCH HANDBOOK, supra note 61, at 7. The Amber Box includes subsidies
that are most directly linked to production levels; the Blue Box contains
production-limiting programs that still distort trade; and the Green Box covers
measures that cause not more than minimal distortion of trade or production. See
INT'L CTR. FOR TRADE AND SUSTAINABLE DEV., AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDIES IN THE WTO
GREEN BOX: ENSURING COHERENCE WITH SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS 1-2 (Sept.
2009). See generally TONI HARMER, BIOFUELS SUBSIDIES AND THE LAW OF THE WTO
(2009).





n68  On the other hand, all those countries that did not provide such support
are not allowed to introduce it. AoA, supra note 42.





n69  The AMS is defined in AoA Article 1(a) as "the annual level of support,
expressed in monetary terms, provided for an agricultural product in favour of
the producers of the basic agricultural product or non-product-specific support
provided in favour of agricultural producers in general . . ." Id. at art. 1.
Moreover, Annex 3 gives guidelines on the calculation of the AMS. Id., Annex 3.





n70  Agriculture Negotiations: Background Fact Sheet, WORLD TRADE ORG.,
https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/agric_e/agboxes_e.htm (last visited Oct. 9,
2015).





n71  AoA, supra note 42.





n72  Dispute Settlement Rules: Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing
the Settlement of Disputes, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the
World Trade Organization, Annex 2, 1869 U.N.T.S. 401 [hereinafter DSU].





n73  Id. at art. 6.





n74  See id. at arts. 6, 8, 11.





n75  Id. at art. 17.





n76  See Canada Appellate Body Reports, supra note 43, P 5.224 (Appellate Body
unable to complete legal analysis due to lack of facts).





n77  See DSU, supra note 72, at art. 17.





n78  Appellate Body Report, Canada--Measures Affecting the Export of Civilian
Aircraft, P 157, WTO Doc. WT/DS70/AB/R (adopted Aug. 20, 1999) [hereinafter
Civilian Aircraft] (Appellate Body applying market benchmarking test from
previous reports).





n79  The first time environmental concerns vis-à-vis free trade was the subject
of debate was in the context of the GATT Tuna I case. The panel took an
extremely narrow approach to GATT, so as to leave no room for environmental
measures. See Report of the Panel, United States--Restrictions on Imports of
Tuna, DS21/R (Sept. 3, 1991) 33 I.L.M. 839 (1994) (unadopted). There are three
generations of cases. The first generation of GATT panels dealing with trade and
environment issues is composed of five cases: Canadian Tuna, Canadian Herring
and Salmon, Thai Cigarettes, Tuna/Dolphin I, and Superfund. These panels showed
a certain unwillingness to adequately take into account environmental needs. See
Panel Report, Thailand--Restrictions on Importation of and Internal Taxes on
Cigarettes, DS10/R (Oct. 5, 1990), GATT B.I.S.D (37th Supp.) (1990) [hereinafter
Thailand--Cigarettes]; Panel Report, Canada--Measures Affecting Exports of
Unprocessed Hearing and Salmon, L/6268 (Nov. 20, 1987), GATT B.I.S.D. (35th
Supp.) (1988) [hereinafter Canada--Hearing and Salmon]; Panel Report, United
States--Taxes on Petroleum and Certain Imported Substances, L/6175 (June 5,
1987), GATT B.I.S.D. (34th Supp.) (1987) [hereinafter United States--Imported
Substances]. They left little hope for the future of environmental measures with
a trade-hindering impact: it would have been difficult to conceive a darker
picture, from an environmental point of view, for the trade-environment
relationship. See Thailand--Cigarettes, supra note 79; Canada--Hearing and
Salmon, supra note 79; United States--Imported Substances, supra note 79. The
second generation of cases (Tuna/Dolphin II and C.A.F.E.) opened the door to a
more environmentally friendly interpretation of GATT provisions and has deeply
influenced the trade and environment decisions taken since the establishment of
the WTO. See EU versus US: Car Taxes, WORLD TRADE ORG.,
https://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/envir_e/edis06_e.htm (last visited Oct. 10,
2015). The third generation of cases coincides with the creation of the WTO.
Despite the persistence of several procedural obstacles, the cases of this
generation can be read as more open and sensitive to environmental issues. See
Appellate Body Report, United States--Standards for Reformulated and
Conventional Gasoline, P 70, WTO Doc. WT/DS2/AB/R (adopted May 20, 1996);
Appellate Body Report, EC Measures Affecting Meat and Meat Products, P 123, WTO
Doc. WT/DS26/AB/R (adopted Jan. 16, 1998); Appellate Body Report, United
StatesImport Prohibition of Certain Shrimps and Shrimp Products, P 4, WTO Doc.
WT/DS58/AB/R (adopted Oct. 12, 1998); Appellate Body Report, European
Communities--Measures Affecting the Prohibition of Asbestos and Asbestos
Products, P 2, WTO Doc. WT/DS135/AB/R (adopted Mar. 12, 2001); see also John H.
Jackson, Comments on Shrimp/Turtle and the Product/Process Distinction, 11 EUR.
J. INT'L L. 303, 303-07 (2000).





n80  The United States--Standards for Reformulated and Conventional Gasoline
dispute deals with a petroleum-derived product, and specifically concerns a U.S.
measure providing imported and domestic gasoline with different treatments.
While it certainly offers incredible insights on the interpretation of several
GATT rules, it does not address the central theme of this article--the specific
role played by energy in the WTO framework. See Paolo Davide Farah & Elena Cima,
Energy Trade and the WTO: Implications for Renewable Energy and the OPEC Cartel,
16 J. INT'L ECON. L. 707, 707-40 (2013); Paolo Davide Farah & Elena Cima,
L'energia nel contesto degli accordi dell'OMC: sovvenzioni per le energie
rinnovabili e pratiche OPEC di controllo dei prezzi, 2 DIRITTO DEL COMMERCIO
INTERNAZIONALE 343, 343-81 (2013).





n81  See, e.g., Canada Panel Reports, supra note 43.





n82  Id.





n83  Id.





n84  Id.





n85  Id.





n86  Id.





n87  The other claims regarded the alleged violation of Article 2.1 of the
Agreement on Trade Related Investment Measures ("TRIMS") and GATT Article III:4.
Id.; Canada Appellate Body Reports, supra note 43.





n88  The Panel rejected the complainants' claim regarding the violation of SCM
Articles 3.1(b) and 3.2 because the complainant could not prove that a "benefit"
was conferred through the measures at issue and therefore could not prove the
existence of a benefit according to Article 1 of the SCM. Canada Panel Reports,
supra note 43, P 8.3. The other claim--regarding the violation of TRIMS Article
2.1 and GATT Article III:4--was accepted. Id. P 7.222.





n89  Id.





n90  China--Wind, supra note 27.





n91  The U.S. Trade Representative investigation was based on a petition filed
on September 9, 2010 by the United Steelworkers. See Petition for Relief under
Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, as amended, United Steel, Paper and
Forestry, Rubber, Manufacturing, Energy, Allied Industrial and Service Workers
International Union, AFL-CIO CLC (USW) re: China Policies Affecting Trade and
Investment in Green Technology, United States Trade Representative, Vol. 1 of 9:
Petition and Exhibits Section 1 (2010), at 208,
https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/09-09-2010%20Petition.pdf. The United
States then requested a consultation with the WTO Dispute Settlement Body.
China--Wind, supra note 27.





n92  China--Wind, supra note 27.





n93  Id.





n94  Id.





n95  China Ends Wind Power Equipment Subsidies Challenged by the United States
in WTO Dispute, OFFICE OF THE UNITED STATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE (June 2011),
https://ustr.gov/about-us/policy-offices/press-office/press-releases/2011/june/c
hina-ends-wind-power-equipment-subsidies-challenged.





n96  Request for Consultations by the United States, India--Certain Measures
Relating to Solar Cells and Solar Modules, WTO Doc. WT/DS 456/1 (Feb. 6, 2013)
[hereinafter India--Solar Cells].





n97  Request for Consultations by China, European Union and Certain Member
States--Certain Measures Affecting the Renewable Energy Generation Sector, WTO
Doc. WT/DS452/1 (Nov. 5, 2012).





n98  India--Solar Cells, supra note 96.





n99  See The Tariff Classification of Ethanol (ethyl alcohol) for Fuel Use from
Peru, UNITED STATES CUSTOMS AND BORDER CONTROL (Mar. 18, 2004),
http://rulings.cbp.gov/index.asp?ru=k83935&qu=k83935&vw=detail.





n100  SCM Article 3.1(b) identifies the following subsidies as prohibited: "
subsidies contingent, whether solely or as one of several other conditions, upon
the use of domestic over imported goods." See SCM, supra note 4, at art. 3.





n101  See, e.g., Rubini, supra note 20.





n102  Rubini, supra note 7, at 20. Luca Rubini frames the issue precisely,
stressing that "the elusive and broad category of regulatory measures is
generally considered to be beyond the reach of subsidy laws and is subject only
to other provisions . . . . Regulatory measures remain the true, and unclear,
frontier of subsidy laws" and "as a consequence, regulatory intervention has
been the traditional object of other provisions. The breadth of the concept of
regulation entails that its legal treatment is particularly complex . . . and
often involves difficult distinctions between measure and measure." LUCA RUBINI,
THE DEFINITION OF SUBSIDY AND STATE AID: WTO AND EC LAW IN COMPARATIVE
PERSPECTIVE 191 (2009).





n103  ROBERT HOWSE, POST-HEARING SUBMISSION TO THE INTERNATIONAL TRADE
COMMISSION: WORLD TRADE LAW AND RENEWABLE ENERGY: THE CASE OF NON-TARIFF
MEASURES 22 (2005),
http://www.law.nyu.edu/sites/default/files/ECM_PRO_060053.pdf.





n104  The same reasoning underlies the carefully chosen wording of the chapeau
of GATT Article XX, which makes exceptions to GATT rules contingent upon the
proof of non-protectionist interests. See GATT, supra note 5, art. XX.
Specifically, the chapeau of GATT Article XX allows members to adopt measures
inconsistent with GATT rules provided that they fall in one of the paragraphs of
the provision and are "subject to the requirement that such measures are not
applied in a manner which would constitute a means of arbitrary or unjustifiable
discrimination between countries where the same conditions prevail, or a
disguised restriction on international trade." Id.





n105  RUBINI, supra note 102, at 121; Sadeq Z. Bigdeli, Incentive Schemes to
Promote Renewables and the WTO Law of Subsidies, in INTERNATIONAL TRADE
REGULATION AND THE MITIGATION OF CLIMATE CHANGE (Sadeq Z. Bigdeli et al. eds.,
2009).





n106  See Steger, supra note 51, at 781, 784.





n107  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 1.





n108  SCM Article 1: "For the purpose of this Agreement, a subsidy shall be
deemed to exist if: (iv) a government makes payments to a funding mechanism, or
entrusts or directs a private body to carry out one or more of the type of
functions illustrated in (i) to (iii) above which would normally be vested in
the government and the practice, in no real sense, differs from practices
normally followed by governments." Id. at art. 1. For a detailed analysis of SCM
Article 1, see VERMULST & GRAAFSMA, supra note 39, at 281-305.





n109  Canada Appellate Body Reports, supra note 43, P 5.118.





n110  Id.





n111  Id.





n112  Id.





n113  Id.





n114  Id. P 7.224.





n115  Id. P 7.227.





n116  Id.





n117  Id.





n118  Id. P 7.229.





n119  Whether the subsidy affects competition needs to be analyzed later and
separately when assessing the actual impact of the subsidy, and so this analysis
will take place only when it is proved that the specific financial contribution
falls within the scope of SCM Article 1. Bigdeli, supra note 105; Rubini, supra
note 7, at 24-25; see also Civilian Aircraft, supra note 78, P 149.





n120  See Civilian Aircraft, supra note 78, P 149.





n121  These kinds of support measures, because renewable energy producers face
costs significantly higher than those faced by producers of fossil fuels,
"simply reimburse or compensate the enterprise for taking some action that it
would otherwise not take, and the enterprise has not necessarily acquired any
competitive advantage over other enterprises that neither take the subsidy nor
have to perform these actions." ROBERT HOWSE, CLIMATE CHANGE MITIGATION
SUBSIDIES AND THE WTO LEGAL FRAMEWORK: A POLICY ANALYSIS 13 (2010).





n122  As stated by the Appellate Body in Civilian Aircraft, "the marketplace
provides an appropriate basis for comparison in determining whether a 'benefit'
has been 'conferred', because the trade-distorting potential of a 'financial
contribution' can be identified by determining whether the recipient has
received a 'financial contribution' on terms more favorable than those available
to the recipient in the market." Civilian Aircraft, supra note 78, P 157. See
also Panel Report, Canada--Export Credits and Loan Guarantees for Regional
Aircraft, WTO Doc. WT/DS222/R (adopted Jan. 28, 2002); Panel Report, United
States--Tax Treatment for "Foreign Sales Corporations" PP 7.278-7.296, WTO Doc.
WT/DS108 (adopted Aug. 20, 2001). The same conclusion was reached by the panels
in Canada Panel Reports, supra note 43, P 7.272. Here, the panels stressed that
the importance of the marketplace in this analysis is further supported by
Article 14 of the SCM, which sets some rules for calculating the level of the
subsidy in terms of the benefit to the recipient and which has been proved to be
"relevant context in interpreting Article 1.1(b)." Id. According to this
provision, for the government purchase of goods to confer a benefit, it needs to
be made for "more than adequate remuneration," and the adequacy of this
remuneration must be evaluated in relation to the "prevailing market conditions"
for the good in question in the country of purchase. Id.





n123  Civilian Aircraft, supra note 78, P 157.





n124  Appellate Body Report, United States--Final Countervailing Duty
Determination with respect to Certain Softwood Lumber from Canada P 93, WTO Doc.
WT/DS257/AB/R (adopted Jan. 19, 2004) [hereinafter United States--Softwood
Lumber].





n125  Id. Several authors argue that this is a problem affecting energy in
general: the energy market is extremely distorted because of heavy public
intervention, especially in support of fossil fuels. ROBERT HOWSE, WORLD TRADE
LAW AND RENEWABLE ENERGY: THE CASE OF NON-TARIFF BARRIERS 11 (2009); RUBINI,
supra note 102, at 226-33.





n126  Panel Report, United States--Final Countervailing Duty Determination with
respect to certain Softwood Lumber from Canada, WTO Doc. WT/DS257/R (adopted
Oct. 27, 1999).





n127  Canada Appellate Body Reports, supra note 43, P 5.169.





n128  Id.





n129  Id.





n130  Id. P 5.224.





n131  GATT, supra note 5, at art. XX.





n132  Id.





n133  See, e.g., Goodman & Loveman, supra note 6, at 26.





n134  According to the SPS Preamble, members' desire "to elaborate rules for the
application of the provisions of GATT 1994 which relate to the use of sanitary
or phytosanitary measures, in particular the provisions of Article XX(b),"
Agreement on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh
Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, 1867 U.N.T.S.
493, while Article 2.4 reads as follows: "[S]anitary or phytosanitary measures
which conform to the relevant provisions of this Agreement shall be presumed to
be in accordance with the obligations of the Members under the provisions of
GATT 1994 which relate to the use of sanitary or phytosanitary measures, in
particular the provisions of Article XX(b)," id. at art. 2.





n135  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 3.





n136  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 8.





n137  Id.





n138  Rubini, supra note 7, at 35.





n139  With specific reference to this principle in the context of the WTO, see
JOOST PAUWELYN, CONFLICTS OF NORMS IN PUBLIC INTERNATIONAL LAW: HOW WTO RELATES
TO OTHER RULES OF INTERNATIONAL LAW 385 (2003). See also Tim Graewert,
Conflicting Laws and Jurisdictions in the Dispute Settlement Process of Regional
Trade Agreements and the WTO, 1 CONTEMP. ASIAARB. J. 287 (2008).





n140  GATT, supra note 5, at art. XI.





n141  Appellate Body Report, China--Measures Affecting Trading Rights and
Distribution Services for Certain Publications and Audiovisual Entertainment
Products, WTO Doc. WT/DS363/AB/R (adopted Dec. 21, 2009).





n142  Id. PP 205-233.





n143  In this dispute, the United States challenged a variety of provisions
within various Chinese measures as inconsistent with paragraph 5.1 of China's
Accession Protocol, related to the regulation of the right to import the
specific products at stake into China. Rubini, supra note 7, at 36. China
invoked GATT Article XX(a) as a defense, especially relying upon the
introductory clause of paragraph 5.1 of its Accession Protocol, which recognizes
"China's right to regulate trade in a manner consistent with the WTO Agreement."
Id.





n144  See World Trade Organization, Accession of the People's Republic of China,
WTO Doc. WT/L/432 (2001).





n145  See, e.g., Collapse of Doha Round of Global Talks Disappointing, Says Ban,
UN NEWS CENTRE (July 30, 2008),
http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=27534#.VfE75xFVhBd.





n146  SCM, supra note 4, at art. 8.





n147  Id.





n148  Id.





n149  Id.





n150  Goodman & Loveman, supra note 6.


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 1, 2013 Saturday

Iran election TV debate: Targeted subsidies

LENGTH: 1296 words


At 1131 gmt on 31 May, the Iranian state-run TV Channel One (IRTV1) started to
broadcast live the first election debate ahead of the 14 June polls.

All the eight candidates, whose eligibilities have been approved by Iran's
powerful Guardian Council and have been holding election campaigns since 24 May,
were present to participate in the panel debate.

They are Iran's senior lawmaker Gholam Ali Haddad-Adel, the Expediency Council
Secretary, Mohsen Reza'i, the secretary of the Supreme National Security
Council, Sa'id Jalili, the director of the Strategic Research Centre of the
Expediency Council, Hasan Rowhani, Tehran's mayor Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf, former
Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, the former telecommunication minister,
Mohammad Gharazi and former Vice-President Mohammad Reza Aref. Eight questions
were put to the candidates during the debate and each candidate was allotted
three minutes to answer the questions or reply to the comments by their
contenders.

Implementation of the targeted subsidies law

The seventh question to candidates came at 1324 gmt. "How would you implement
the second phase of the targeted subsidies law and what measures would you
take?" was the question asked from the candidates.

Sa'id Jalili, the first to respond, referred to the first phase of the
implementation of the targeted subsidies law, noting that although the law was
useful, it was not implemented properly, due to the incapability of the previous
government.

"Regarding these same targeted subsidies, all [previous governments] had agreed
upon it. However, why did it encounter problems at the level of implementation?"
he asked.

"If we do not start from the executive structure of the government and the
mechanism which should execute them [economic policies], no good policy will be
successful in practice," Jalili said.

Speaking of the lack of support for the industry during the implementation of
the first phase of the law, he said that no proper mechanisms were envisaged for
this. "Not that our colleagues in the government do not wish to do so, but the
mechanisms have not been defined properly," he said. Thus, he added, for the
implementation of the second phase, too, structures have to be reformed.

The second candidate to answer was Mohsen Reza'i. "We will carry out the second
phase taking into account the income and industrial sectors," Reza'i said. He
said he would employ the sums accumulated for the expansion of the industrial
and investment sectors. "This money, which is around 65,000 tomans, as I have
calculated, will make 110,000 tomans in total [presumably, adding 45,000 tomans,
distributed among the people monthly at the first phase of implementation of the
law]. This will be used on industry and investment and will have an impact on
the consumption and demand," Reza'i said.

Responding to Jalili's suggestion, he said that changing the structure would not
suffice, and the head of the government, the government's operation and
behaviour, too, had to be changed. "We should revive the government in its
structure, operation, behaviour and management and form a government that can
accumulate wealth and money and get the wheels of national production and wealth
moving," Reza'i added.

Another presidential candidate, Seyyed Mohammad Gharazi, said that the first
phase of the implementation of the targeted subsidies law was not successful, as
no expertise was applied to its implementation and it was used for political
means.

"The issue of how money, pseudo-money and inflation should be distributed in the
country so that it improves people's welfare is a professional and technical
issue. When we act without considering this issue, and, God forbid, wish to
follow political goals through the subsidies, we can get only such
[unfavourable] results," he said, noting that subsidies were distributed to some
extent during his tenure as oil minister as well.

The next presidential candidate, Mohammad Baqer Qalibaf, too, confirmed that he
would implement the second phase of the targeted subsidies and would allocate
sums to agricultural and industrial sectors, as envisaged by the law. However,
he said he would take care of the low-income strata as well, as the liquidity
increased by the distribution of targeted subsidies did not lead to any change
in the purchasing power.

Qalibaf added that prices on basic commodities and housing should be controlled
and fixed. "We have not made the prices realistic through targeted subsidies,"
he added. He said that at the start of implementation of the targeted subsidies
1 litre of petrol cost 100 tomans, while its real price was 700 tomans. Now that
the price for 1 litre of petrol has become 700 tomans, the real price of 1 litre
of petrol has shot to 2,800 rials.

Qalibaf also called on the government to produce low energy-consuming goods in
order to reduce household costs.

Gholamali Haddad-Adel also noted that the increase of targeted subsidies would
increase the inflation. Thus, he proposed that the better-off stratum gets less
subsidies than poorer strata. He also criticized the fact the subsidies were not
paid to the industrial sector. "If the first phase of the targeted subsidies law
is carried out properly, maybe there will not be a need for promises of second,
third and other phases," Haddad-Adel said.

Mohammad Reza Aref noted that the targeted subsidies had to serve to establish
social justice. However, it remained incomplete and did not reduce the gap
between the rich and the poor. Also, it did not lead to the development of the
industrial sector. "I think that initially, the first phase should be
implemented in full, and the share of the production sector, which was not given
to them, should be paid," Aref said.

He also called for more focus on the health sector in the implementation of the
targeted subsidies law.

Hasan Rowhani also noted that the law did not establish social justice. He said
that payment of 45,000 tomans monthly to each Iranian should continue, as people
already rely on this sum in their monthly calculations. However, he said
inflation should be curbed. He proposed increase of subsidies for some strata,
like pensioners, workers and state employees.

He also offered to introduce subsidies in terms of basic commodities. "My
government proposes to add to the current payment, subsidies in kind, so that
people have guarantee and confidence in regard with the supply of the basic
commodities," Rowhani said.

Ali Akbar Velayati said that the targeted subsidies law had to be implemented,
as it was approved by the parliament. However, he said that while the sum of
40,000bn tomans was injected to the market, or 8 per cent of GNP was infused,
GNP being around 500,000bn tomans, the inflation was 30 per cent. Hence, he
noted that people requested that subsidies be cancelled and prices return to
those before the implementation of the law. "The reason is that the liquidity
was injected to the society without consideration," he said, adding that the
liquidity exceeded the quantity of goods and this had to be reformed.

Sa'id Jalili summed up the discussion, saying that Velayati's calculations were
not correct and the liquidity was not the reason for problems.  He noted that
other sums, like unpaid large bank loans, also added to the liquidity. "I am
saying that the targeted subsidies were planned with right economic logic; it
has become a law and our approach to it should not be politically-tainted,"
Jalili said. However, he said that the shares of agriculture, industry and other
sectors from the targeted subsidies should be paid.

He reiterated that if proper structure and mechanisms are used, targeted
subsidies law can prove to be effective.

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 1, Tehran, in Persian
1131 gmt 31 May 13

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 29, 2013 Friday

Energy subsidies exceed three percent of GDP: IMF

BYLINE:  TAHIR AMIN

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 87

LENGTH: 512  words


Energy subsidies in Pakistan exceeded 3 percent of GDP which is substantially
higher than critical social spending (health and education), a policy paper
compiled by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) stated. The policy paper
titled 'Energy Subsidy Reform: lessons and implications' stated that countries
in emerging and developing Asia were responsible for over 20 percent of global
energy subsidies.

They amounted to nearly 1 percent of regional GDP or 4 percent of total
government revenues, with petroleum products and electricity accounting for
nearly 90 percent of subsidies. Energy subsidies exceeded 3percent of GDP in
four countries (Bangladesh, Brunei, Indonesia, and Pakistan), the IMF paper
stated.

The study also stated that Pakistan provided 0.13 percent of GDP on pre-tax
subsides for petroleum products, 1.31 percent on electricity and 2.54 on natural
gas. Furthermore, the country provided 7.7 percent of government revenue on
post-tax subsidies for petroleum products, 12.76 percent on electricity, 26.13
percent on natural gas and 1.22 percent on coal.

While aimed at protecting consumers, subsidies aggravate fiscal imbalances,
crowd-out priority public spending, and depress private investment, including in
the energy sector, maintained in the paper. According to the study, subsidies
also distort resource allocation by encouraging excessive energy consumption,
artificially promoting capital-intensive industries, reducing incentives for
investment in renewable energy, and accelerating the depletion of natural
resources.

Most subsidy benefits are captured by higher-income households, reinforcing
inequality. Even future generations are affected through the damaging effects of
increased energy consumption on global warming. Some countries spent more on
energy subsidies than on public health and education. Reallocating some of the
resources freed by subsidy reform to more productive public spending could help
boost growth over the long run, it said.

Subsidies diminish the competitiveness of the private sector over the longer
term. Although in the short-run subsidy reform will raise energy prices and
increase production costs, over the longer term there will be a reallocation of
resources to activities that are less energy and capital intensive and more
efficient, helping spur the growth of employment.

Removing energy subsidies helps prolong the availability of non-renewable energy
resources over the long term and strengthens incentives for research and
development in energy-saving and alternative technologies. Subsidy reform will
crowd-in private investment, including in the energy sector, and benefit growth
over the longer term.

It further states that subsidies create incentives for smuggling. If domestic
prices are substantially lower than those in neighbouring countries, there are
strong incentives to smuggle products to higher-priced destinations. Illegal
trade increases the budgetary cost for the subsidising country while limiting
the ability of the country receiving smuggled items to tax domestic consumption
of energy.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Toward common sense

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A41

LENGTH: 579 words


America's $19 billion system of farm subsidies encourages farmers to grow too
much of certain crops, then taps the taxpayers for subsidies when prices fall,
as they inevitably do. It favors farmers who grow corn, soy, cotton, rice and
wheat over those who grow fruit and vegetables or raise livestock. Growers of
the five favored crops now receive 90 percent of U.S. farm aid.

The system is, in two words, a mess and, in a few more words than that, welfare
for the wealthy. Last year, the United States sent subsidy checks to 80,000
farmers whose incomes were greater than $200,000 per year and to large-scale
corporate farms as well.

One way or another, the program has to change. The World Trade Organization
already has ruled that American cotton subsidies violate international trade
agreements, and other crop subsidies are similarly vulnerable. That raises the
possibility of retaliatory tariffs against American exports.

President George W. Bush has proposed a reasonable reform plan, but some members
of Congress, led by Sen. Richard Lugar, R-Ind., have a better one. In either
case, with corn prices already sky-high because of the ethanol boom, this is an
excellent time to move farmers toward a more sensible system.

The president says his plan would shift the program back to its roots as a
safety net for farmers during bad times. The levels of subsidies would have less
to do with crop prices and production and more to do with income: Subsidies
would rise as farm income fell. That would reduce the distortion of crop prices
that leads to international trade complaints. The president's plan also would
eliminate those subsidy checks to people earning hundreds of thousands of
dollars per year.

Finally, Mr. Bush would direct more subsidy money to soil conservation, wetland
preservation and reductions in fertilizer runoffs that poison streams. As
proposed, the president's five-year plan would save $18 billion over the cost of
today's subsidies.

The stronger congressional reform plan would move away from direct farm
subsidies and toward a sort of rainy-day savings program. The government would
contribute to the account, and farmers of all sorts also could chip in. When
farm incomes fall, farmers could dip into the account to help cover shortfalls.
Such a program would remove most of the price distortions caused by direct
subsidies.

The congressional plan also would add $5 billion to food stamps and other food
programs for the poor and direct another $6 billion to farm-based conservation
programs. Overall, the congressional proposal would save about $5 billion over
five years, compared to existing subsidy programs.

American agricultural subsidies, and those extended by our European trading
partners, are the chief obstacles to a new international trade deal that could
open up more foreign markets to American food products and manufactured goods.
Both the Bush plan and the Lugar plan would move us closer to reaching an
agreement that could expand trade and help raise living standards around the
world.

All these common sense positions, however, face stiff opposition from the
special interests that benefit from the existing farm subsidy program. Those
interests won a round last week when a House agriculture subcommittee working on
the farm bill voted unanimously against both reform plans. The reformers'
chances may be better on the House floor.

Taxpayers, farmers and the U.S. economy all stand to gain from a more rational
system of farm aid.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Our View  |  THE FARM BILL OPINION

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 12, 1988, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Europe lacks will to end subsidies

SECTION: SECTION 2, SPECTRUM; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 568 words


  The harm wrought by farm subsidies, import quotas, price supports, prickly
regulations and other barriers to agricultural trade is well known. Those
attending the midterm ministerial review of the Uruguay Round of negotiations
under the General Agreement on Tariffs & Trade in Montreal this past week are
more aware than most of the damaging effects. Yet, no real progress was made at
the meeting toward ending the subsidy wars.

Subsidies and other protective measures result in too much food produced in the
wrong places, rip off taxpayers, and drive farmers off the land. Import
restrictions and price supports help keep domestic farm-product prices high,
thereby stimulating output.

When the inevitable surpluses pile up, they are unloaded on the world market
with the help of export subsidies. Farmers in other countries can't meet the
competition and are driven to the wall. Despite the powerful evidence of the
damaging effects of subsidies, there wasn't enough political will at Montreal to
end them.

The Americans pressed hard for an end to trade-distorting agricultural subsidies
. Although they agreed not to set a firm deadline for the end of subsidies, they
insisted on a commitment to finish them. (Since the word ''eliminate'' caused
such anguish among the Europeans, there was a search for a less brutally frank
word that may be acceptable. The search was in vain.)

The Canadians, among others, worked for a compromise, suggesting that the
meeting agree to adopt agricultural policies that would have a ''minimal effect
on trade.'' But even that was too specific for the members of the European
Community. It was also unacceptable to the Americans, but for the reason that it
was not specific enough.

The dispiriting fact is that the EC is unwilling to face dislocation and
adjustment for farmers in the short run if subsidies and support are abandoned,
even though the benefits to consumers, taxpayers and deficit-ridden governments
- and in the long run to farmers as well - are clear.

Canada was willing to go the extra mile and commit to end trade-distorting
subsidies even though we are in the game with the best of them. The Organization
for Economic Co-operation & Development estimates that producer subsidies and
equivalents constitute 45.7% of Canadian farmers' income. For the EC, the figure
is 49.3%, for the U.S. 35.5%, for New Zealand 31.1% and for Australia 15.3%.

While the EC and U.S. are major-league subsidy players, all countries pale in
comparison with Japan. The OECD estimates that producer subsidy equivalents
account for 75% of Japanese farmers' income. The Japanese, probably figuring the
U.S. and EC would wrangle to an inconclusive finish, safeguarding, at least for
now, the existing subsidies, adopted a low profile in Montreal. ''The Japanese
have not said a word all week about agriculture,'' noted Nicholaas Victor, EC
spokesman on agriculture.

All was not lost at Montreal. The GATT members will come back to the topic in
four months, and progress was made in other areas. So far as agriculture is
concerned, the Americans were right to press for a commitment to end the subsidy
madness. Over time, members of the EC may come to realize how out of step they
are with other agricultural producers when it comes to a commitment to free
trade in agriculture. At least the Montreal meeting put that fact up in lights.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

No gas: Celebs surrender LPG sop

BYLINE: Sivakumar B

SECTION: CHENNAI

LENGTH: 451 words


CHENNAI: Eight per cent of all consumers in the country who have surrendered
their LPG subsidy are from Tamil Nadu, and they include such celebrities as
actor Kamal Haasan, singer Yesudas and director Mani Ratnam.

Latest data shows Tamil Nadu accounts for 48,032 of the total 6.03 lakh people
who have surrendered the subsidy. As many as 23,326 Indian Oil Company (Indane)
consumers in the state have given up the sop, as have 16,561 Bharat Petroleum
consumers and 8,145 Hindustan Petroleum consumers in TN.

Indane has the most customers across the country who have given up the subsidy,
with 3 lakh, followed by HP (1.68 lakh) and BP (1.35 lakh). The subsidy per 14.2
kg cylinder is 215 in Chennai. Households that are willing to pay the market
price for 12 cylinders a year, thus give up 2,580 in subsidies.

Most of those who have surrendered the subsidy are, one may assume, affluent
consumers who hope the funds from the government subvention will, in turn, reach
needy beneficiaries.

Apart from Kamal Haasan and Mani Ratnam, the families of late Sivaji Ganesan's
sons Ramkumar and Prabhu have also given up the sop. "Punitha Prabhu, actor
Prabhu's wife, and Kannamma Ramkumar, Ramkumar's wife, have surrendered the LPG
subsidy," an oil ministry official said. "Actor Prashanth and singer Chinmayi
have also given up the subsidy."

Politicians should ideally show the way by handing in their LPG subsidy but
clearly few have bothered to do the math to see if their budgets could permit
this. But there are exceptions, like Rajya Sabha MP P Kannan from Puducherry,
and an MLA from the Union territory, who has demonstrated some measure of social
responsibility.

"Subsidies are meant for poor people who cannot afford a product or facility. I
am self-sufficient and must not pocket the fruits of others," Kannan told TOI. "
Subsidies should reach needy and deserving people. I gave up subsidy following
the Union government's call."

He said he had pushed for the affluent to surrender LPG subsidy since he was
speaker of the Puducherry Assembly but there was no provision that the money
would go back to the government and eventually subsidise cooking gas for the
needy.

In Karnataka, Wipro chief Aziz Premji's wife Yasmeen Premji has surrendered the
sop as has Rajaji Nagar MLA S Sureshkumar.

The Centre bears a huge cost on supplying LPG, one of the most subsidised
commodities in the country, spending 40,000 crore on subsidy in 2013-14. If the
government does not spend the money on subsidies, it could use it to fund
development projects, the oil ministry's website says. Only time will tell if
more consumers will be willing to give up the sop.

With inputs from Bosco Dominique

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

Textile export subsidy under WTO scanner; end sops soon, says US;
At a time when the textiles sector is reeling under liquidity crunch and poor
demand, export subsidies for textiles and garments...

BYLINE: Arun S,Banikinkar Pattanayak

LENGTH: 695  words


At a time when the textiles sector is reeling under liquidity crunch and poor
demand, export subsidies for textiles and garments - the fourth-largest product
group in India's outbound shipment basket - could soon be withdrawn if the
country heeds concerns raised by nations, including the US and Turkey, at the
World Trade Organisation (WTO).

According to the WTO's Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, when
the share of a developing country - with per capita income below $1,000 a year -
in global exports touches 3.25% in any product category for two straight years,
thereby gaining "export competitiveness", it has to phase out export subsidies
for the items eight years from the second year of breach. In case of nations
with higher income levels, such subsidies are a strict no-no.

Countries like the US contend that India's "textiles and clothing" (T&C) exports
first breached the threshold in 2005 and remained above the  level in 2006 also
and it should, therefore, end its export subsidies for these items by January
2015 (see table). India, however, cites the WTO rule book to counter this and
insists it has time until January 2018 as the multilateral trade body asked the
country to consider phasing out the subsidies for T&C only in 2010.

The WTO rule book says: "Export competitiveness shall exist either (a) on the
basis of notification by the developing country member having reached export
competitiveness, or (b) on the basis of a computation undertaken by the (WTO)
Secretariat at the request of any member."

India offers export subsidies for T&C under certain heads such as the Focus
Market Scheme, Focus Product Scheme (FPS), market-linked FPS, Export Promotion
Capital Goods Scheme, interest subvention on pre- and post-shipment export
credit as well as tax breaks for special economic zones.

India's textile and garments sector employ over 35 million people and accounts
for over 12% of its total exports.

Sources said India has sought clarification from the WTO on the definition of
"product" and the "applicable period of phasing out the subsidy" under the
agreement. New Delhi believes that although as a category T&C may have exceeded
the stipulated trade share level globally, many items within the group may not
have attained export competitiveness, and, therefore, need continued support.

However, the sources said the commerce ministry feels since the new foreign
trade policy will be applicable for the 2015-20 period, export subsidies for the
textile and apparel sectors should be phased out mid-way, and if possible, much
before 2018. This is because India is keen on honouring its WTO commitments on
subsidies. Meanwhile, the ministry wants the textile and garment sectors be
given subsidies to incentivise production, rather than exports.

The WTO prohibits subsidies linked directly to exports, but it does not bar
production-based subsidies. However, subsidies for production fall in the
"actionable" category where the affected importing country can impose
countervailing duties to offset the disadvantage to its local manufacturers due
to the cheaper imported item.

However, since the general WTO norms permit import duty neutralisation for
exports, the duty drawback scheme available for the sector will not be affected,
the sources said. Moreover, schemes such as technology mission on cotton and the
technology upgradation fund scheme are also unlikely to be hit as they are
ultimately meant for incentivising production. "If the government decides to
stop export subsidies completely in 2015 under international pressure, the
textile industry will face serious trouble. Already, even with a drop vis-a-vis
last year, domestic cotton prices are still higher than the global levels, and
producers are facing problems in passing on costs to consumers in many segments,
as demand remains subdued," said DK Nair, secretary-general of the Confederation
of the Indian Textile Industry.

Exports in many textile segments have been under pressure (Cotton yarn shipments
dropped 16% between April and October from a year before) due to a poor demand
from top consumer China, while the growth in cotton garment exports is also
slowing.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2012 Sunday

Iran's parliament bans paying subsidies by selling currencies

BYLINE: G. Mehdi, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 253 words


Oct. 21--The Iranian parliament (Majlis) approved a bill on Sunday, according to
which paying cash subsidies by selling foreign currencies will be stopped, ISNA
reported.

The administration does not have the right to expend revenues of selling foreign
currencies gained through exports of crude oil and gas condensates for the
purpose of paying cash subsidies, MPs said.

The central bank is obliged to deposit these revenues to the treasury on the
daily basis.

On October 7, the Majlis approved a bill to cancel the implementation of the
second phase of the subsidy reform plan. The Majlis decided to increase the
amount of subsidies to families in cash or in a way which allowed the
administration to begin the implementation of the second stage of the subsidy
reform plan.

Accordingly, the administration approved to increase the per capita cash
subsidies by 275,000 rials to reach 610,000 rials.

The subsidy reform plan pays out $37 to Iranians while eliminating subsidies for
fuels and some commodities.

When the plan started in December 2010, it was expected to cause about $32
billion in liquidity. But greater demand for the cash subsidies and the
government's money borrowed from the central bank to pay for the subsidies led
to $45 billion in liquidity.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

Tags: subside reform plan in iran, usd rate in iran

___ (c)2012 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121021-1AZ-Iran-s-parliament-bans-paying-subsidies
-by-selling-currencies-1021-20121021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2012


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 1983 Emory University School of Law.
                               Emory Law Journal

                                  SUMMER, 1983

                               32 Emory L.J. 745

LENGTH: 5303 words

SYMPOSIUM: COMMENTARY ON REDISTRIBUTION OF INCOME THROUGH REGULATION IN HOUSING

NAME: Michelle White *

BIO:



   * Professor, Department of Economics, University of Michigan, A.B., Harvard
University, 1967; M.S., London School of Economics, 1968; Ph.D., Princeton
University, 1973.

 TEXT:
 [*745]  It is always tempting for governments to do their good deeds at someone
else's expense, i.e., to supply public goods by forcing the private sector to
provide and pay for them, rather than providing them publicly and paying for
them with tax revenues.  Examples of such behavior exist throughout society.
For example, the federal government requires local school systems to provide
education for the handicapped and public and private educational institutions to
provide access for the handicapped.  This redistributes income to a needy group,
but not at the expense of the federal budget.  Similarly, state governments
require localities to exempt non-profit institutions from local property taxes,
thereby redistributing income to needy organizations at the expense of other
taxpayers in the localities where the organizations are based.  Also, the
federal government tries, but often not very hard, to require private employers
to achieve affirmative action goals by hiring needy groups such as blacks and
women who have been discriminated against in the labor market.  Utilizing a
"private" remedy apparently relieves the government of responsibility to use
public tax revenues to compensate these needy groups for the effects of past
discrimination.

   Richard Muth's analysis carries this theme to the housing sector, where
examples of legally mandated redistribution programs are many and varied.  Muth
surveys this "private" form of redistribution of income, analyzing the effects
of rent control, condominium conversion, local land use controls and building
codes.  He concludes, however, that none of these programs have had substantial
effects on the distribution of income.

   I would like to sound a slightly different theme in this analysis.  The
housing field appears to be an area where, either by design or  [*746]  by
historical accident, the government's purse strings are wide open and
substantial redistribution of income occurs via the public sector using what are
in effect public sector funds.  The major public sector redistribution programs
in the housing field are: tax subsidies to owner-occupied housing; tax subsidies
to rental housing; and tax subsidies to local public expenditures.  It is
interesting to ask why the federal government has been willing to use its own
resources to redistribute income through housing subsidies, when in the other
areas mentioned above, it has preferred to use other peoples' money for
redistribution.  The answer may be that tax expenditures are viewed as being
cheaper than tax dollars, so that "spending" uncollected taxes by inertia is
easier than spending collected tax revenues.  Or, the answer may be that income
redistribution via the housing sector flows primarily from the poor to the rich,
and that this type of redistribution is politically attractive.

   Part I of this paper calculates the tax subsidy to rental and owned housing
for households in various income groups.  Part II discusses the efficiency and
equity effects of these subsidies.  Part III considers tax subsidies to the
local public sector.  Part IV briefly considers some issues related to local
zoning.

   I.  THE TAX SUBSIDY TO RENTAL AND OWNED HOUSING

   In this section the tax subsidy to owned and rental housing is calculated
using a variant of the analysis of capital taxation developed by Hall and
Jorgenson.  n1

   Define a rental price for housing, which is the price charged by an owner to
a renter.  (In the case of owner-occupied housing, the owner and renter are the
same person.) The assumption is made that in long-run equilibrium, the market
equates the price of housing to the net present value of any tax deductions or
tax credits.

   Suppose p is the price of housing, c is the rent per period, r is the nominal
discount rate, f is the rate of inflation, d is the rate of economic
depreciation, and i is the nominal interest rate on borrowed funds.  Both
economic depreciation and inflation are assumed  [*747]  to occur according to
smooth exponential functions, and at a constant rate over the life of the
housing.  Let b equal the fraction of the cost of housing which is borrowed, or
the marginal debt/value ratio.  Also, let m and s equal the percent of the price
of housing spent each year on maintenance and property taxes.

   Then in the absence of income taxes, we have:

   (1) p(1-b) = [0] intgl. <infin.> ce<-(r+d-f)t>dt - (bi + (m+s))p [0] intgl.
<infin.> e<-rt>dt

   The first term on the right hand side (r.h.s.) of (1) is the net present
value of future rent payments, where rent declines over time at the rate of
economic depreciation, d, increases over time at the rate of inflation, f, and
is discounted at rate r. In the second term, interest cost per period, bip, and
maintenance costs and property taxes per period, (m + s)p, are discounted at
rate r. The r.h.s. of (1) is therefore the return to equity from investing in
housing.  This must equal the fraction of the cost of housing paid for by the
equity owner, or (1-b)p.

   Integrating (1) and solving, we get:

   (2) c/p = r+d-f/r [(1-b)r + bi + m + s]

   Since i = r in the absence of taxes, (2) becomes c/p (r+d-f) (r+m+s)/r.

   Now add income taxes to the model.  Examine first an investment in
owner-occupied housing.  Rents are tax free and interest and property tax
payments are tax deductible, but maintenance costs must be paid using after tax
income.  Thus (2) becomes:

   (3) (c/p)' = (r'+d-f)/r' [(1-b)r'+bi(1-tau)+m+s(1-tau)]
(r'+d-f)(r+m+s(1-tau))/r'

   where (c/p)' is the rental/price ratio given taxes, and tau is the
owner-occupier's marginal income tax rate.  Here taxes affect the
owner-occupier's discount rate, which is assumed to be r' i(1-tau).  This is the
rate at which the housing owner can move assets across time assuming that she
can borrow at rate i at the margin.

    [*748]  Now turn to investments in rental housing, and assume that these
investments are made by individuals.  Rents are taxable, but interest payments,
property taxes, maintenance costs, and depreciation for tax purposes are all
deductible.  Assume that depreciation for tax purposes occurs at a smooth
exponential rate, d', which is generally greater than d. Note that d' is used to
parameterize both the length of time over which housing must be depreciated and
the method of depreciation -- accelerated or straight line -- that is used.
Some rental housing is also eligible for the investment tax credit (ITC), which
lowers its price by k percent.  Assume further that the building is held by the
original owner for its entire lifetime for tax purposes, 1/d', or for its entire
economic lifetime, 1/d, whichever is greater.  Therefore, there is no need to
introduce capital gains taxes or recapture provisions for accelerated
depreciation or the tax credit.

   In the rental housing case, equation (1) becomes:

   (4) p(1-b) = (1-tau)c[0] intgl.<infin.> e<-(r'+d-f)t>dt

   -(1-tau) [(1-k)bip + (m+s)p][0] intgl.<infin.> e<-r't>dt + taup[0]
intgl.<infin.> d'e<-(d'+r')t>dt + kp.

   The first and second terms on the right hand side of (4) are analogous to
those in equation (1).  The third term is the value of the depreciation
deductions for tax purposes.  Allowed depreciation in period t per dollar of
capital is d'e<d't>. Future depreciation deductions are discounted at rate r',
so their net present value is d'e<(d'+r')t>dt. The last term is the investment
tax credit.  Integrating (4), equation (5) is obtained:

   (5) (c/p)' = r'+d-f/(1-tau)r' [(1-k-kb)r' + (m+s)(1-tau) -taud'r'/d'+r']

   The difference between the rental/price ratio in the tax and no tax cases, (c
/p)' - (c/p), equals the amount of taxes paid per dollar of housing investment.
The percentage differential is:

   (6) (c/p)' - (c/p)/(c/p)

   This provides a percentage measure of the overall tax, or tax subsidy to
housing.  If, for example, (6) equals 50%, then the overall  [*749]  effect of
taxes is to add 50% to the rental/price ratio necessary to make the investment
attractive.  If (6) equals -50%, then taxes lower by 50% the necessary
rental/price ratio.

   One implication of equations (2), (3) and (5) is that the amount of leverage
has no effect on the price of owned housing or on the price of rental housing,
as long as there is no ITC for rental housing (i.e., k=0).  This means that the
amount of leverage also has no effect on the tax or tax subsidy to owned or
rented housing.  The reason for this is the assumption that all borrowing occurs
at the short term interest rate, i. Thus if inflation occurs, borrowers are not
assumed to profit from reduced real interest rates on long-term debt.  This
assumption is made because such gains (when they exist) come at the expense of
private lenders, not the government, while we are interested in measuring tax
subsidies from the government to housing owners.

   Three equations are used to evaluate the returns and the tax subsidy to
investments in owned and rented housing by households of different income
levels.  Parameter assumptions are as follows.  Marginal income tax rates, tau,
are 20%, 30%, 40% or 50%.  Inflation, f, is either zero or 10%.  The pre-tax
borrowing rate, i, is assumed to equal the sum of a 4% real interest rate, a 6%
risk premium, and a 10% inflation premium if inflation exists.  Thus i = 10% or
20% in the two cases.  The rate of economic depreciation is .025, implying a 40
year economic life for both owner-occupied and rental housing.  The costs of
maintenance and property taxes, m and s, are both 2% per year.

   The tax parameters used are taken from the 1981 Economic Recovery Tax Act and
are in effect at the present time.  Under ERTA, rental housing investments can
be depreciated for tax purposes using 175% declining balance schedules (shifting
to straight line depreciation), based on a lifetime for tax purposes of 15
years.  n2 The resulting series of depreciation allowances for tax purposes per
dollar of rental housing is $ .117 in year k, then $ .103, $ .91, $ .80, $ .71,
$ .63, $ .55 in year 7 and $ .52 per year for the remaining years.  If these
amounts are discounted at rate r', the following is obtained:

    [*750]  (6) <T> D(t) / (1+r')<t> = <d'e-(d'+r')tdt> = d' / d'+r' t=1

   D(t) is the series of depreciation allowances given above and T is the
lifetime allowed for tax purposes.  The discounted present value of the
depreciation allowances for tax purposes can be expressed as the net present
value of smooth exponential depreciation allowances occurring at rate d', where
d'e<-d't> is the exponential depreciation allowance at time t and d'e<-d'+r')t>
dt is the net present value of these allowances discounted are rate r'. For the
depreciation schedule given above, when inflation equals zero and the marginal
tax rate is 50%, d' = .136.  Other values of d' are calculated using the same
procedure.

   The results of these calculations are given in Table 1.  The first row shows
that the breakeven rental/price ratio in the absence of taxes is .175 for both
owner-occupied and rented housing, regardless of inflation.  The tax system has
the effect of subsidizing all housing investments, but the rate of subsidy
varies widely.  Examine the results for owner-occupied housing first.  With zero
inflation, the subsidy rate varies from 22% for low tax households (t=20%) to
31% for high tax households (t=50%).  With 10% inflation, the subsidy becomes
both deeper and more valuable depending on the individual's tax bracket.  Low
tax households get a 41% subsidy in this case, while high tax households get an
81% subsidy.  The higher tax subsidy under inflation results from the fact that
as nominal imputed rents and nominal interest payments both rise during
inflation, the value of excluding the former and deducting the latter from
taxable income also rises.  These inclusions and deductions are clearly more
valuable as the investor's marginal tax bracket rises.
                        Table 1:
                Breakeven Rates of Return
                    and Subsidy Rates
                    on Investments in
                Rental and Owner-Occupied
                         Housing
                               Marginal tax rate
                        .20      .30      .40      .50
No tax                .175     .175     .175     .175
Owner-occupied
   housing
   zero inflation     .137     .130     .125     .120
   (subsidy rate)     (22%)    (26%)    (29%)    (31%)
   10% inflation      .104     .087     .057     .033
   (subsidy rate)     (41%)    (50%)    (67%)    (81%)
Rental Housing
   zero inflation     .167     .163     .159     .155
   (subsidy rate)     (4.3%)   (6.7%)   (9.1%)   (11%)
   10% inflation      .118     .098     .075     .045
   (subsidy rate)     (32%)    (44%)    (57%)    (74%)

    [*751]  The next two rows give the breakdown rental/price ratio and the rate
of tax subsidy for investments in rental housing for investors at different
marginal tax brackets.  In this calculation it is assumed that the investment
carries no ITC (k=0).  The results suggest that rental housing is less highly
subsidized than owned housing at all income levels.  Rental housing benefits
from depreciation deductions in excess of the rate of economic depreciation, but
rental income is taxable.  The calculations suggest that overall, the latter
outweighs the former, so that rental housing is less highly subsidized than
owned housing.  Inflation reduces the value of depreciation deductions for tax
purposes, but increases the value of nominal interest rate deductions.  Perhaps
surprisingly, inflation has an  [*752]  overall effect of increasing, rather
than reducing, the rate of tax subsidy to rental housing.

   The most striking result obtained from these calculations is that the rate of
tax subsidy to rental housing increases rapidly with the investor's tax bracket.
For investors in a 30% marginal tax bracket, owned housing has a 50% subsidy
rate given 10% inflation, while rental housing has only a 33% subsidy rate.  But
for 50% tax bracket investors, owned housing has an 81% subsidy rate while
rental housing has a not much lower subsidy rate of 74%.

   II.  EFFICIENCY COSTS OF TAX SUBSIDIES TO HOUSING

   What do these subsidies mean in actual dollars?  We can construct some rough
estimates of the subsidy to homeowners at various income levels by using the
fact that the dollar subsidy to a household equals the percentage change in the
rental/price ratio (given in Table 1) times the household's yearly expenditure
on housing services.  We can also compute the deadweight cost of this subsidy by
making use of the consumer surplus triangle formula: - 1%2 (delta p/p)<2>(pq)xi.
Here, xi is the price elasticity of housing demand (assumed to be minus one), pq
is yearly expenditure on housing services by households of a given income level
and delta p/p is the percentage change in the price of housing due to the tax
subsidy for households of that income level.

   The average income of "poor" households having a marginal tax rate of 20% is
about $ 16,000.  Since about 15% of income is spent on housing at all income
levels, the amount of housing consumption expenditure for these households is $
2,400 per year.  With the subsidy rate of 41% calculated above (assuming 10%
inflation), the resulting yearly subsidy is $ 984.  The deadweight cost of this
subsidy is (-1/2) (-1) ($ 2,400)(.41)<2>, or $ 200 per year per household.

   For "rich" households in the 50% marginal tax bracket, average income is
about $ 60,000 and average housing consumption is about $ 9,000 per year.  The
resulting subsidy is $ 7,300 per household per year and the resulting deadweight
cost is $ 2950 per year.  Thus the subsidy per household is about 7 times as
great for "rich" households as for "poor" households, while the deadweight cost
of the subsidy to rich households is about 15 times the deadweight cost of
[*753]  the subsidy to poor households.

   For households in the intermediate 30% and 40% brackets, the results are
given in Table 2.  These figures suggest that there is substantial
redistribution of income through housing, except that it is accomplished through
the public sector via tax subsidies to housing that vary with income, rather
than through the private sector via regulation.  Furthermore, the redistribution
is from poor households to rich ones.  Hence, the higher the household's income,
the higher its marginal tax rate and its housing consumption, and the higher its
subsidy.  In fact these figures underestimate the distributional impact of the
subsidy, since only households that itemize on their federal tax returns receive
the subsidy and poor households are much less likely to itemize than rich
households.  Table 3 gives the proportion of itemizing for households of
different income levels.  n3
                    Table 2:
      Tax Subsidy to Owner Occupied Housing
      and Deadweight Cost for Households at
             Different Income Levels
                         Tax         Deadweight
                       Subsidy          Cost
Income and
Tax bracket
$ 16,000 (20%)             $ 1,312        $   200
$ 28,000 (30%)             $ 2,100        $   525
$ 38,000 (40%)             $ 3,800        $ 1,279
$ 60,000 (50%)             $ 7,300        $ 2,950
                      Table 3:
         Proportion of Households Itemizing
             at Different Income Levels
                       Number of     Number
Adjusted Gross Income   Returns   of Itemizers   %
    $ 2-4,000               9,234           179   2%
  $ 10-12,000               6,101         1,011  17%
  $ 14-16,000               5,010         1,441  29%
  $ 18-20,000               4,278         2,003  47%
  $ 25-30,000               5,386         3,891  72%
  $ 30-50,000               6,535         5,586  86%
  $ 50,-100,000             1,471         1,372  93%
     Total                 89,771        25,756  29%

    [*754]  How much money is involved in subsidizing owner-occupied housing?
The total value of services provided by owner-occupied housing was $ 143 billion
in 1978, according to the Statistical Abstract of the U.S.  n4 About 20% of
owner-occupied households itemized on their federal tax returns that year.  If
we assume, conservatively, that these households occupy housing of average
value, then the amount of housing services used by households who itemize and
who also own their own housing is about $ 41 billion.  Assuming an average
marginal tax rate of 30% for itemizers, we get an estimate of the total yearly
subsidy to homeowners equal to ($ 41)(.50) = $ 20.5 billion.  The deadweight
cost of the subsidy is then $ 5.1 billion per year.

   It is also of interest to compare the above estimates of the size of the tax
subsidy to owner-occupied housing and the associated deadweight cost to those of
other studies.  The Office of Management and Budget calculates the size of the
tax expenditure due to deductability of mortgage interest and property taxes for
owner-occupied homes.  n5 For 1979, the government's calculations indicate
[*755]  a loss of tax revenues of $ 17.5 billion, slightly lower than the
calculated estimate.  Another comparison is the deadweight cost figure
calculated for the tax subsidy to owner-occupied housing in 1970 by White and
White,  n6 which was about one billion dollars per year.  In 1979 dollars, this
is equivalent to a deadweight cost per year of $ 2.5 to 3 billion dollars.  n7

   What about the tax subsidy to rental housing?  Here the basis for calculating
deadweight costs is weaker.  If the rental housing market is competitive, one
would expect that at least part of the tax subsidy to rental housing owners
would be passed on to tenants in the form of lower rents.  Suppose, however,
that the best alternative to investing in rental housing is investing in tax
free municipal bonds.  These bonds have the same after tax return to investors
regardless of their income level, while investing in rental apartments has a net
tax rate of return which rises with the investor's marginal tax rate.  Suppose
investors at the 40% marginal tax bracket are just indifferent between investing
in tax free bonds and in apartments.  Then investors with lower marginal tax
rates would do better by investing in tax free bonds, while investors with
higher marginal tax rates would prefer rental apartments.

   What conclusion can we draw from this analysis?  First, the analysis suggests
that rental housing, like owner-occupied housing, acts as a tax shelter and is
therefore more valuable to high income households.  Therefore Muth's suggestion
that ownership of rental housing could be distributed evenly over the income
distribution seems unlikely.  Rather, it is more likely to be concentrated among
high income/high tax bracket households.  Second, if the rental housing market
is perfectly competitive, the value of the tax subsidy to the marginal landlord
will be passed on to the tenants in the form of lower rents.  This means that
owners of rental housing, having higher tax rates than the marginal investor,
receive a part  [*756]  of the tax subsidy as a pure transfer.  This transfer
clearly has a regressive impact, since it goes only to investors having high
marginal tax brackets, and thus high incomes.

   We can, however, approximate the size of the tax subsidy to rental housing.
The total value of rental housing services in 1978 was $ 54 billion per year.
Suppose the marginal owner has a marginal tax rate of 40%.  Then the total tax
subsidy given 10% inflation would be, from Table 1, 57% of $ 54 billion, or $ 31
billion.  This is larger than the subsidy to owner-occupied housing.  Suppose,
however, that the rental housing market is competitive and that the entire
subsidy to landlords at the 40% bracket is passed on to tenants in the form of
lower rents.  Also suppose that half of all rental housing is owned by taxpayers
in the 50% marginal tax bracket.  These taxpayers receive a windfall transfer
equal to a tax subsidy that reduces the rental/price ratio of rental housing by
74% - 57% = 17%.  Thus their tax subsidy is .17(.5)($ 54 billion) or $ 4.5
billion per year.  This is a substantial amount and probably still an
underestimate.  If the rental housing market is not perfectly competitive, then
the level of the pure subsidy to owners would be greater.  n8

   III.  TAX SUBSIDIES TO THE LOCAL PUBLIC SECTOR

   Local public expenditures are also subsidized to homeowners who itemize on
their income taxes.  Local public services in part are financed by property
taxes and it has been widely recognized that these property tax payments are
basically fees for services rendered by the community or "benefit taxes".
However, these fees are tax deductible since, legally, they are taxes.
Therefore the price of local public services is subsidized by the federal
government at an increasing rate as the taxpayer's income and marginal tax rate
rise.

   These subsidies have several effects.  First, they redistribute income from
taxpayers in general to taxpayers who itemize and taxpayers  [*757]  who have
high marginal tax brackets.  Second, they encourage wealthy communities to
increase their expenditures on local public goods.  Since local communities in
U.S. metropolitan areas, particularly those in the suburbs, tend to be fairly
homogeneous by income level, residents of wealthy communities face a low net tax
price of local public goods and they respond by voting larger public
expenditures.  This generates deadweight costs due to excessive consumption of
these goods.

   Third, wealthy communities have an incentive to supply more services through
the local public sector, since this reduces their cost by moving them from the
unsubsidized to the subsidized account.  It is especially easy for many suburban
communities to do this, since their residents are relatively homogeneous in
tastes and income levels.  One example of this phenomenon is the provision of
services, such as summer day camp and tennis lessons, as public services in
California communities.  Another example is the recent proposal by a well-known
conservative economist that his town in the suburbs of a northern U.S. city
provide lawn mowing for its residents as a public service.

   Finally, it is interesting to note that capital expenditures by local
communities are subject to a double subsidy.  When a local community builds a
school, for example, it raises the money by floating a tax free bond.  The bond
bears a subsidized interest rate since the income from it is untaxed, but in
addition the property taxes levied on residents to pay the interest charges are
tax deductible.  Thus local capital projects are even more heavily subsidized by
taxpayers in general.

   IV.  ZONING

   Finally, I would like to make some comments about zoning, from the
perspectives of efficiency and redistribution viewpoints.  First, Professor
Muth, in his paper, commented on the increase in municipal borrowing rates and
the incentives this implies for communities to limit growth.  Growth limitations
result from the incentive for existing community residents to avoid sharing
their cheap municipal bond financing of public services with new residents and
incurring higher financing costs to provide new public services to  [*758]  new
residents.  This author has argued that changes in the demographic
characteristics of occupants of different types of housing provided an
additional reason for communities to limit growth.  n9 Over the decade of the
1960's, there was a decrease in the average size of households occupying rental
apartments and an increase in the average size of households occupying single
family houses.  As a result, the number of school age children per housing unit
was much lower for apartments and townhouses than for single family detached
houses.  In a study of new housing built in New Jersey in 1970, the number of
school age children was .9 per single family house, .5 per townhouse, .16 per
garden apartment, and .07 per high rise apartment.  Using data for the average
value of the different types of housing units, it is easy to establish that
while single family houses generate higher revenues, they also generate higher
costs which more than offset the extra revenue.  n10 Thus if a community wants
to limit construction of new housing which will be a fiscal drain on existing
residents, it should ban new single family housing construction.  If any housing
is built, it should be apartments.  If apartments are considered to be
undesirable, then growth should be stopped completely.

   The impact of such no-growth zoning, if adopted on a widespread basis, is to
raise the cost of housing for everyone, with existing owners of housing
incurring capital gains.  The redistribution effects, however, are somewhat
capricious.  Existing owners of housing benefit, while prospective buyers of
housing are hurt.  Buyers of single family housing are hurt more than buyers of
apartments.  The equity effects of this change are probably more significant by
age and demographic status than by income level -- young households, households
with children and renters are hurt, while older households, those without
children, and owners of housing benefit.

   Last, I would like to take issue with the assertion made by both Professors
Muth and Siegan, that the land use pattern would be  [*759]  the same with or
without zoning, i.e., that "clustering of like land uses" occurs even without
zoning.  White and Wittman posed a model of location incentives in situations
where land users cause or are victims of externalities such as pollution, or, as
a special case, are unaffected by pollution.  n11 The model assumed that all
possible bidders for sites reduced their bids by the cost to them of pollution
plus the cost of pollution abatement measures, or liability for pollution
damage.  Thus for each site, the market capitalized the cost of pollution
abatement and damage for the least affected land user.

   The model implies that in the absence of zoning, or pollution taxes, or legal
liability for pollution damage, the land use pattern is different from what it
would be if zoning were in effect and in general is economically inefficient.
In particular, polluters are insufficiently deterred from entering areas already
occupied by pollution-sensitive land uses, such as housing.  There are also
economically inefficient incentives for pollution-sensitive land uses to enter
areas already occupied by polluters, although the distortion is smaller and its
direction could go either way.

   These results suggest that it is impossible to draw any conclusions
concerning the efficiency of the land use pattern from either spatial mixing, or
spatial segregation of polluters and pollution-sensitive land uses, when
polluters are not held liable for damages.  Spatial mixing of polluters and
pollution victims can imply either that such a pattern is optimal, or that
polluters were not sufficiently deterred from entering an area that is best
occupied by pollution-sensitive land uses.  On the other hand, spatial
segregation of polluters in an area may be optimal, or it may only suggest that
pollution-sensitive land uses could have made the best use of the area but were
driven out because entry by polluters was insufficiently deterred.

   Thus, both spatial segregation and spatial mixing of incompatible land uses
may be economically efficient and inefficient, depending on the situation.
Zoning, or taxes on externalities, or a liability rule or some combination of
these, can be imposed to give land  [*760]  users efficient location incentives,
i.e., to internalize the externality, but they must be carefully designed.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Real Property LawLandlord & TenantRent RegulationGeneral OverviewTax LawFederal
Income Tax ComputationDeductions for Amortization, Depletion &
DepreciationAmortization, Cost Recovery & Depreciation (IRC secs. 167-169, 171,
178, 194-195, 197, 216, 248, 280F)General OverviewTax LawState & Local
TaxesIncome TaxGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Hall & Jorgenson, Tax Policy and Investment Behavior, 57 AM. ECON.  REV. 391
(1967).




n2  26 U.S.C. § 168.




n3  Table 3 was constructed using data in INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE, STATISTICS
OF INCOME, INDIVIDUAL INCOME TAX RETURNS (1980), Table 1.3 (All Returns: Source
of Income and Adjustments), id. at 20; Table 2.1 (Returns with Itemized
Deductions and Deductions by Type and Size of Adjusted Gross Income), id. at 35.




n4  See BUREAU OF THE CENSUS, STATISTICAL ABSTRACT OF THE UNITED STATES (1980),
Table 1401 (Total Value of Housing Output), id. at 789.




n5  See OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, SPECIAL ANALYSIS, BUDGET OF THE UNITED
STATES GOVERNMENT (1981), Table G-1 (Tax Expenditure Estimates by Function), id.
at 231.




n6  White & White, The Tax Subsidy to Owner-Occupied Housing, 7 J. PUB.  ECON.
111 (1977).




n7  These calculations assume a perfectly elastic supply of housing.  White and
White show that if the supply curve for housing is upward sloping, deadweight
costs are lower but redistribution effects between renters and owners of housing
are greater, since the subsidy to owner-occupied housing causes an increase in
the (gross of tax) price of housing, which both owner-occupiers and renters
face.  Id.




n8  It is interesting to note that the OMB estimate of the tax expenditure on
excess depreciation of rental housing is only about $ 300 million per year.  See
OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET, SPECIAL ANALYSIS BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES
GOVERNMENT 221 (1981).




n9  See White, Self-Interest in the Suburbs: The Trend Toward No Growth Zoning,

    POL'Y ANALYSIS     (1978), for a fuller discussion of this argument.




n10  Id. at    .  Sample calculations indicate a net surplus for the local
community of $ 340 per unit for new high rise apartments, $ 86 for townhouses, $
18 for new garden apartments, and -$ 187 for new single family houses.  The
calculations use 1970 dollar values.  Id.




n11  White & Wittman, Optimal Spatial Zoning Under Pollution: Liability, Rules
and Zoning, 10 J. LEG. STUD. 249 (1981).


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Column: DBTL benefits could be transitory

BYLINE: Renu Kohli

LENGTH: 1129  words


LPG-subsidy savings from shifting to direct benefits transfers (DBT) using
Aadhaar has been controversial due to vastly varying estimates. The savings
accrued are mainly attributable to the elimination of nearly 33.4 million ghost
consumers. The ministry of petroleum and natural gas claims to have saved Rs
14,672 crore in FY15. Researcher Kieran Clarke of International Institute for
Sustainable Development (IISD) figures that the sum of savings directly due to
LPG DBT (DBTL) could be far less-Rs 12-14 crores in FY15 and Rs 120.9 crore in
FY16. The contention here is that a larger chunk of savings came from measures
taken to eliminate ghost/duplicate accounts by the oil marketing companies
(OMCs) before DBT was even implemented.

Whatever be correct, it is undeniable that budgetary savings on LPG subsidy from
elimination of nearly 33.4 million ghost accounts must have been significant.
And the fact that another 16.5 million active consumers are no longer availing
the subsidy must have further increased the sum saved. From a fiscal
perspective, however, the more important point to recognise is that these
savings are one-off, and future subsidy payouts could rapidly rise as more
households are brought under coverage through issuing fresh gas connections.
Thus, while Aadhaar-linked direct benefits transfer does exclude the possibility
of a return of ghost consumers, per se it may do little or nothing to reduce or
get rid of the LPG subsidy burden in the medium- to long-run.

Here is how this could pan out. Period 1 (t): LPG subsidy savings one-time only

The current estimated reductions in the LPG subsidy or savings arise from
knocking off any false, fraudulent claimants who had opened numerous accounts
with the oil marketing companies (OMCs). Such customers bought subsidised gas
cylinders for either personal use or black-marketing. Before and after
introduction of DBTL, the OMCs have been weeding out the duplicate and ghost
customers; in the process, millions of previously fake gas connections have been
freed.  Let us call this time period 't'. Savings in the subsidy bill, whatever
be the amount, genuinely accrue to the government in the first round, i.e., in
t. This comes from reduction in the number of beneficiaries. The freed gas
connections will show up as excess or surpluses with OMCs in the current period
and can potentially be sold at market prices.

LPG subsidy rises in t+1, t+2, t+3

In the next round, or periods t+1, t+2, t+3 onwards, the surplus LPG connections
that have reverted to the OMCs will be sold or given as fresh, genuine LPG
connections to new consumers as there is still a large gap between demand and
supply. The active consumer base size of 162.7 million is 66% of the total
households (246.7 million) and the LPG-subsidy exclusion threshold has been set
at much higher income level of R10 lakh per annum. Given the strong buzz around
Aadhaar-based benefits being directly credited to individual bank accounts, it
is reasonable to expect the demand for subsidised gas cylinders will soon begin
to rise.

From the standpoint of the subsidy load, the relevant parameter is the rate at
which the demand for new gas connections increases. The addition of new
customers, or subsidy claimants/beneficiaries, will be determined by the pace at
which information and awareness about subsidised LPG connections under DBTL
spreads. Note that a supply constraint that previously restrained the expansion
rate of new LPG connections, is considerably relaxed at present because of the
millions of freed gas connections lying surplus with the OMCs. As new customers
are added, the demand for subsidised LPG cylinders and hence, the government's
LPG subsidy payout, will once again begin to rise. Simultaneously, the one-off
gains from getting rid of duplicate, false accounts will also begin to
dissipate.

Government intervention could accelerate the pace

The previous scenario can be regarded as a normal rate of expansion, i.e., one
that is determined as well as restricted by a standard rate of information
spread and rise in household incomes. But the normal rate could accelerate due
to government intervention. Schemes like Ujjwala, announced in the recent
budget, could be one such example. This aims to provide LPG connections to 15
million women belonging to below poverty line (BPL) families during FY17.

What's more, the scheme will continue for at least two more years to cover a
total of 50 million BPL households. The targeted addition of these new customers
will thus advance an otherwise normal expansion rate of new LPG-subsidy
beneficiaries. The  LPG subsidy, in that case, may not just return to previous
levels, but is well likely to exceed those simply because of accelerated
inclusion of new beneficiaries into its fold as well as augmented supply
conditions. In other words, the scale and scope of coverage of the LPG-subsidy
-availability and the budgetary weight-will rapidly increase in the next
two-three years!

Thus, while the Ujjwala-scheme has laudable objectives, viz., health and
ecological benefits, from a purely fiscal (subsidy) perspective, its
contribution of R1,600 for each LPG connection to BPL households can be viewed
as re-routing or diversion of yesterday's ghost accounts that are now free and
lying surplus with the OMCs. Ujjwala beneficiaries will be identified in
consultation with state governments and Union Territories; however, previously
uncovered populations will be prioritised. This means that information spread
about cooking gas subsidy from the government will accelerate. It is anybody's
guess if, at a later date, state governments start adding on as they have been
doing with the popular rice-wheat schemes. The incontrovertible facts are that
the LPG-subsidy payout could increase sharply in t+1, t+2, t+3and so on, while
the roots of cooking-gas subsidy culture will get more deeply entrenched.

So while Aadhaar-linked direct benefit transfers are likely to result in
substantial benefits from better targeting of universal schemes like food
security, DBTL in the case of LPG-subsidies is unlikely to yield any significant
budgetary savings beyond the short-run. DBT or no DBT, the fiscal burden from
LPG-subsidies will continue to rise for a very long period. That is, until the
entire population's needs for cooking gas are satisfied and/or exhausted - five,
ten, fifteen or as many years it may take. Further, it also needs flagging that
when international gas prices begin to harden the problem could multiply
manifold in no time. There is no way that the cooking gas subsidy burden is
going to reduce because of DBT. The only logical solution is outright
elimination with a shift to market-based pricing and purchases by consumers.

The author is a New Delhi-based economist

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Hong Kong Government News

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Tenants in Public Housing Estates Affected by Excess Lead in Drinking Water to
Receive Subsidies for Water Charges

LENGTH: 672  words


Nov. 11 -- The following is issued on behalf of the Hong Kong Housing Authority:

From January 1, 2016, tenants in 11 public rental housing (PRH) developments in
which excess lead in drinking water has been found, will receive subsides for
offsetting part of the water charges and sewage charges payable.

The cost for implementing this subsidy scheme, involving some $20 million, will
be provided by the four contractors concerned, namely China State Construction
Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited, Paul Y General Contractors Limited, Shui On
Building Contractors Limited and Yau Lee Construction Company Limited. The
subsidy scheme is implemented in light of the situation that the incident of
excess lead in drinking water has brought about some inconvenience to the
tenants in the affected estates, and that permanent rectification works take
time to complete. We also note that there are demands for providing certain
relief measures to the tenants in the community.

Under the scheme, each domestic household, and each non-domestic tenant in a
domestic block, in the 11 affected PRH developments will receive a subsidy
amount of $660. This amount, which represents the average sum of water charges
and sewage charges payable by each household in a year, is calculated based on
the average sum of actual water charges and sewage charges payable by all
domestic households (under their most recent bills) of these 11 affected
developments.

From January 1, 2016, the subsidy will be allocated to a subsidy reserve for
each of the tenants on a daily basis, throughout the 366 days in 2016, for
paying the tenant's water bills. If the subsidy amount is less than the sum of
water charges and sewage charges payable, any excess amount will have to be paid
by the tenants themselves. If the subsidy amount is larger than the sum of
charges payable, the unutilised amount will remain in the subsidy reserve, for
paying the tenant's water bills incurred in three years' time. The arrangement
of adopting a daily subsidy amount is to allow a more equal distribution of the
subsidy to tenants of the relevant PRH unit in that year, as there may be
tenants moving in and out of the same unit.

Given the water consumption pattern vary from tenant to tenant in the 11
affected estates, and that the water charges payable by some of them may be less
than the subsidy amount, the subsidy scheme concerned will last for three years,
such that the subsidy could be more fully utilised. In cases where existing
tenants move out of any of these affected estates during the above-mentioned
three-year period, any unutilised subsidy will apply to the new tenants moving
in.

Based on the data of the most recent water bills, the subsidy amount of $660 is
equal to or more than the sum of water charges and sewage charges payable by
each of the some 21,000 (70 per cent) domestic households in a year. However,
among these some 21,000 domestic households, around 5,100 did not need to pay
any water charges at all.

According to the concerned contractors, the subsidy is provided as a matter of
good faith, good will and civic mindedness, without any admission or acceptance
of any liability on their part and without prejudice to their legal rights and
position.

The Water Supplies Department is now carrying out some necessary adjustments to
its computer billing system.

"Since the discovery of excess lead in drinking water in some PRH estates, the
Government, the Housing Authority and the contractors concerned have promptly
implemented relief measures to minimise tenants' inconvenience in gaining access
to safe drinking water, including the supply of bottled water, standpipes,
connection of pipes from the roof-top tank to each floor of the block, and
installing filters/replacing filter cores in two years for affected domestic
households free of charge. We hope that all the measures and initiatives in
place would be able to address the different circumstances and needs of affected
tenants", said the Government spokesman.

Source: Hong Kong SAR Government

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


      Copyright 2015 Hong Kong Government News, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Ghanaian Chronicle (Accra)

                               November 19, 2013

ECG Outlines How to Refund Subsidy

BYLINE: Fatima Adam

LENGTH: 512 words


After asking for a week to configure their system to reflect on the 25% subsidy
on electricity that government announced last week, the Electricity Company of
Ghana (ECG) says the subsidy would take effect from 18 November, 2013.

Since the new tariff increment of 78.9% which took effect on 1st October, 2013,
countless pressure was mounted on the government by the general public to reduce
it. The government last week announced her decision to subsidize 25 percent of
the 78.9% adjustment earlier announced.

Addressing a news conference in Accra yesterday, the Head of Regulative and
Government Business of the ECG, Mr. Daniel Azu said they (ECG) would refund to
the general public in unit terms the subsidy from the day the tariff increment
took effect, 1 October, 2013.

Explaining how that was going to be done, he said they have three different
customers, which included prepaid (cash based), prepaid (unit based) and
post-paid (credit meters) customers who would all receive their subsidies in
different forms.

Continuing, Mr. Azu explained that prepaid (cash based) will receive their
subsidy of October when they do their first deposit of cash from 18 November,
2013, adding that, beyond the first deposit, other subsequent deposits would be
refunded at the beginning of the ensuing month.

"For example, if a customer's monthly consumption is 70 units, which corresponds
to a deposit of GHc25, the customer will receive a subsidy of GH¢5.32 on his/her
account at the first deposit of cash the following month. The receipt shall
indicate the amount deposited the applicable subsidy and the total credits
offered to the customer".

Whilst the prepaid (unit based) users shall get their subsidy of October 2013,
refunded as units at the first purchase of units on 18 November, 2013 or after
which other purchase of units would include the applicable subsidy. "Customers
buying GH¢25 will now pay GH¢19.68 ", he said.

And the last one being the credit meters, customers' subsidy would be applied in
their billing, the bill he noted would show what the customer is required to pay
less the applicable subsidies.

"We wish to emphasize that the implementation of the subsidy shall commence on
Monday 18 November, 2013 for prepayment metering customers and subsequently for
the post-paid customers", Mr. Azu assured.

To that end, he said their revised reckoner would be published to assist
customers in understanding the application of the subsidy during vending as he
announced that, all statutory levies like Value Added Tax, street light levy and
others was to be paid by the customer.

Speaking in an interview on government's commitment in paying the subsidy, the
Public Relations Officer (PRO) of ECG, Mr. William Boateng said they have no
idea how government intend paying the subsidy for now until after three months
when they send the bill to government.

"But we are hoping that government will not delay payment, the government knows
that the backbone of every economy is energy and we hope government will not
delay payment of subsidy to ensure efficient energy supply", he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Al-Shorfa

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Egyptian government considers restructuring fuel subsidies

LENGTH: 756  words


The Egyptian government is considering restructuring its fuel subsidy system --
and evaluating alternative energy prospects -- in an effort to reduce its
subsidies bill and ensure subsidies reach deserving recipients, officials and
experts told Al-Shorfa.Osama Kamal, Egypt's minister of petroleum and mineral
resources, said in televised remarks Monday (October 8th) that there is no
alternative to rationalising fuel subsidies, adding that many people who
currently receive subsidies do not deserve them."If the fuel subsidy system is
not restructured at the earliest [possible date], we will face a major economic
problem and an increase in the state's budget deficit," he said during an
interview with the Dream television channel.The Egyptian government has
considered various ways to change the country's fuel subsidy system.The amount
allocated for fuel subsidies in the government's general budget dropped from
95.5 billion Egyptian pounds ($15.7 billion) in the 2011-2012 fiscal year, to 70
billion pounds ($11.5 billion) in the 2012-2013 fiscal year, according to
ministry data.And last month, Kamal said the ministry was considering a proposal
to reduce fuel subsidies by issuing car owners subsidised fuel coupons, Egypt's
Al-Ahram reported.According to the proposal, each privately-owned car would be
issued coupons to obtain 1,800 litres of subsidized fuel per year.

After coupon holders exhausted their coupons, they could buy gasoline at regular
prices.Meanwhile, vehicles that run on diesel fuel and are used for mass
transport or transporting goods would have access to 10,000 litres of subsidised
fuel at 75 piasters (0.12 dollars) per litre, after which their owners would pay
2 pounds (0.30 dollars) per litre.More recently, Kamal said the ministry is also
considering issuing smart cards instead of coupons because coupons can be
forged, sold or lost.There are four types of gasoline sold in the Egyptian
market: 80, 90, 92 and 95 octane gasoline, as well as diesel fuel, which is used
by giant transport trucks.Dr. Houssam Arafat, head of the General Division for
Petroleum Products at the Federation of Egyptian Chambers of Commerce, said,
"Reducing the subsidies on some of the petroleum products at this time,
particularly on diesel fuel, would result in a big spike in prices, especially
since diesel is the fuel used in mass transit and in transporting
goods.""Restructuring the subsidies budget and implementing new mechanisms to
ensure they reach deserving recipients, whether via coupons or smart cards, will
take a long time," he told Al-Shorfa.He said he does not expect the government
to make any decision in this regard until the new People's Assembly -- the lower
house of parliament -- is elected and is able to review all plans related to
rationalising expenditure on fuel subsidies.Economist Dr. Hamdi Abdel Azim,
however, said there is an urgent need to rationalise and restructure subsidies
now.He told Al-Shorfa the government should proceed on two fronts to do
so.Firstly, it should create "new mechanisms to ensure that subsidies reach
those who deserve them", like the poor. Currently, everyone -- including those
with high incomes -- receive subsidies, Abdel Azim saidThe second front requires
combating the corruption that has pervaded the subsidy system, by way of getting
rid of the black market -- in which subsidised goods are sold at high prices --
and by stopping the smuggling of subsidised fuel to neighbouring countries,
which has increased in the past 18 months, he said."A law must be enacted to
impose stiff financial penalties on and imprison fuel smugglers and black market
dealers," he added.Abdel Azim also said he believes the government should stop
subsidising fuel for factories that consume a lot of energy.Price controls
should be imposed on these factories' products so the ordinary consumer does not
have to shoulder an additional expense, he added."The entire energy system in
Egypt must be reviewed before the fuel subsidy budget is reduced," said Safwat
Atta, a member of the Board of Directors at the Qarun Petroleum Company. "In
other words, [we must find] alternatives to oil for power generation, such as
expanding use of solar and wind power.""If the government starts reducing fuel
subsidies without a clear plan to provide alternatives [to oil], it will
ultimately have to increase the subsidies once again, as other governments
before it have done in past years, because citizens and factories alike are
continually increasing their fuel consumption," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 851


                            Copyright 2012 Al-Shorfa
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

On PM's call, 4141 in Pune 'give it up'

BYLINE: Nisha Nambiar

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Pune


Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "give it up" slogan urging well-to-do families
and individuals to give up their LPG subsidy has led to as many as 4,141 people
relinquishing it in Pune so far. Responding to the PM's appeal, they have
submitted forms available with dealers to give up LPG subsidy. Among those who
gave up the subsidy on domestic gas cylinders were several LPG dealers.

There were 1,376 customers of the Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL), 1,590
of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited and 1,175 of Hindustan Petroleum
Corporation Limited (HPCL) who decided to give up subsidy in the district.

District civil supplies officer Jyoti Kadam said that they had spread the PM's
appeal. "We requested people...and got good a response," said Kadam. The civil
supplies office has been reaching out to dealers of all gas agencies through
"word of mouth". The response has been good, supplies officials said.

State LPG agency federation president Usha Poonawalla said that many
distributors themselves had given up subsidy. "Many of the distributors came
forward to give up their LPG subsidy and they are spreading the word that people
should respond to the PM's appeal,'' said Poonawalla.

Customers can give up LPG subsidy online by visiting the gas agency website, or
else approach the dealer and fill up a form. They would get a notification on
his/her mobile that subsidy has been cancelled.

"It is all about conscience... People, whether distributors or IT officials or
top government officials, from a cross-section of society have given up subsidy
," said another agency dealer.

Several who had given up subsidy said that the Prime Minister explaining that if
each of them could give up Rs 200-Rs 250 subsidy, it would benefit a crores of
poor people, had appealed to them. "Not getting Rs 200-250 subsidy is not a big
deal for us and we prefer to give it up,'' said Ujwal Oak, an IT professional
who has given up the subsidy.

Several other IT professionals and citizens are now urging people to give up the
subsidy.

"A group of officials from an IT company decided to give it up,'' said Raj Naik,
an IT professional who was one of those who wanted to "give it up".

Meanwhile, Aadhaar linkage has reached 86 per cent in the district, officials
said. The district administration had conducted drives to reach out to customers
to get them link their LPG IDs to banks or Aadhaar numbers. The drive was on
until March and it is being followed by a two-month parking period, after which
customers will not get subsidy is their bank accounts and Aadhaar numbers are
not linked.

The drive on at a slow  pace had picked up to reach 86 per cent. Even after
Aadhaar linkage, people can give up LPG subsidy by approaching the distributor
and filling up a form which generates a one-time password. On confirmation of
having given up the subsidy, a message is generated, official said.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Subsidies, top-ups will cushion premium rise;
For low and lower middle income groups, premiums will be lower

BYLINE: Salma Khalik Senior Health Correspondent

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS

LENGTH: 614 words


PREMIUM increases for the better benefits of MediShield Life will be less than
$360 a year, and most or all of them will be absorbed by various subsidies and
top-ups for the majority in the first year.

The MediShield Life Review Committee yesterday released its full report, which
included details of premiums, benefits, subsidies and the suggestion that the
Government work with insurers to set up a standard higher plan pegged at the
private, B1-class ward.

Given the significant increase in benefits - such as the removal of the lifetime
limit and higher daily and annual claims - and the inclusion of the old and the
sick, people had feared premiums would rise so much that they would not be
affordable to many.

But the biggest rise in premiums before subsidies will be $355 a year for people
aged 75-77 years - from $775 to $1,130.

In fact, for the low-income and lower middle income groups in this age band, the
revised premiums will actually be lower with the government subsidy.

Their MediShield Life premiums will be $678 and $735 a year respectively if they
do not qualify as pioneers - such as permanent residents and those who became
citizens only after 1987 - and $517 if they do qualify as pioneers. The pioneer
generation refers to those who were citizens before 1987 and are 65 years and
older this year.

High-income people in this age band who are non-pioneers will get transitional
subsidies for four years. They will pay $846 in the first year, and the full
$1,130 in the fifth year, after the subsidies run out.

A transitional subsidy of 80 per cent will be given to anyone whose premiums
have gone up after the permanent subsidies have kicked in. The transitional
subsidy will be reduced to 60 per cent, 40 per cent and 20 per cent in
subsequent years. The low premiums are possible with the Government underwriting
more than 40 per cent of MediShield Life premiums for the first five years.

Past that, the 15 per cent to 50 per cent premium subsidy for two in three
people will continue as a permanent feature. This subsidy now costs $230 million
a year, but is expected to increase beyond the initial five-year period.

In a statement yesterday, the Ministry of Health (MOH) said: "With the
substantial government subsidies and support, premiums will be more affordable
for most Singaporean households."

It added that all pioneers will pay less in premiums than they do today, with
those aged 80 years and older not having to come up with any money as their
premiums will be fully covered between the subsidies and the Medisave top-ups
they will receive.

This is regardless of how rich or poor they are.

The committee has decided to follow the current MediShield practice of each age
band paying for itself - so inevitably, premiums will rise with age.

To cushion the impact, it has recommended significantly higher "advance"
premiums to be paid by working adults, which will reduce what they need to pay
when they get older.

So someone aged 30-39 will have his premium almost tripling - from $105 to $310
a year.

However, this would still be affordable, especially with the 1 per cent increase
in employer Medisave contributions from next year.

This same person will start getting an annual premium rebate from the age of 66
- instead of the current 71. The rebate increases with age and the amount
depends on the age the person joined MediShield.

The maximum rebate, given when a person is 86 years and older, goes up from $449
a year today, to $537 with MediShield Life.

salma@sph.com.sg

www.facebook.com/ST.Salma

@STHealth

To calculate your own MediShield Life premiums, visit the website
www.moh.gov.sg/content/moh_web/medishield-life/premium-calculator.html

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

Amid shake-up, US cell carriers look to new models

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 893 words


BARCELONA, Spain (AP) How"s this for gall? Take away hundreds of dollars in
subsidies that cellphone customers have enjoyed for years. Then pass it off as
an improvement.

The major U.S. wireless companies are doing just that. And many of their
customers seem to like it.

The U.S. wireless industry is in the midst of a shake-up, sparked by T-Mobile"s
decision in March to stop subsidizing phones bought by its customers. National
rivals followed with similar plans. Since then, U.S. carriers have been
announcing new prices and plans every few weeks.

The move is essentially giving the customer more flexibility at a price.

With subsidies, consumers typically pay $200 up front for a phone that costs
$600 or more. Wireless companies make up the difference by padding the monthly
service charges over the life of the two-year contract. Under that approach,
customers save some money but are stuck with a phone for two years, which can be
frustrating when a new model comes out just months or weeks later.

By forgoing subsidies, customers aren"t locked into contracts and can upgrade
more frequently.

Driving this trend is the rapid pace with which new phones are released from
Apple Inc., Samsung Electronics Co., Sony Corp., LG Electronics Inc., HTC Corp.,
Nokia Corp. and others.

"It"s happening at least every 12 months, if not even faster," said David
Christopher, chief marketing officer for AT&T Inc."s wireless business. "The
tech cycles are speeding up."

Many models will be unveiled this week at the Mobile World Congress wireless
show, which begins Monday in Barcelona, Spain. Among the most keenly awaited
will be Samsung"s successor to its flagship Galaxy S4.

The bevy of new phones could push even more U.S. customers into subsidy-free
installment plans such as AT&T"s Next, Verizon"s Edge or Sprint"s Easy Pay.
These all let people trade in phones before the two years are up. T-Mobile US
Inc., which now sells all phones without subsidies, also lets people trade in
phones early if they join a $10-a-month Jump program.

The carriers are beneficiaries from these programs because they no longer have
to pay for the subsidies. Instead, they get their customers to pay the entire
cost of the phones, all at once or in installments.

In a sense, the shift away from subsidies is inevitable. Subsidies helped
attract customers as the wireless industry grew. But most Americans now have
cellphones.

Even if T-Mobile hadn"t made the move to end subsidies as part of an effort to
lift itself from fourth place in the market, competition likely would have
forced carriers in the U.S. to do so, just as they already had in parts of
Europe.

There, low-cost carriers were poaching customers from the big companies just as
they were breaking even on the subsidies, said John Strand, CEO of the telecom
research firm Strand Consult in Copenhagen, Denmark. Instead of enjoying profits
on that customer, the big carrier had to spend money to acquire a new one.
Ultimately, many carriers decided to end subsidies and charge for phones
separately.

Mike Katz, vice president of marketing at T-Mobile, said phone bills had gotten
confusing with the true costs of phones hidden in monthly service fees. He said
many customers mistakenly thought that phones cost just $200, without realizing
they were really paying back the carriers for the subsidies over time.

He described subsidies as a drug for carriers. It was an easy way of retaining
customers, he said, as subsidies "put handcuffs on and forced people to stay"
until their contracts expired. Without subsidies, he said, carriers can try to
lure customers with good service and prices instead.

Of course, subsidies haven"t gone away entirely in the U.S. and might never do
so. T-Mobile is the only national carrier to have dropped subsidies completely.
There"s no exact number on how many subscribers are opting for subsidy-free
plans. AT&T Inc. said 15 percent of new smartphones and upgrades in the last
three months of 2013 were through Next. That"s significant, but hardly a
majority.

So far, these plans appeal to those who absolutely must have the latest device
and the newest features. But there are spillover benefits for remaining
customers, too.

Customers benefit most from subsidies when they upgrade phones right at the
two-year mark. If they hold on to phones longer, they still have to pay for the
cost of subsidies through what"s baked into the monthly phone bills.

Now, those people will benefit from the same service discounts enjoyed by
frequent upgraders.

"A lower-priced service plan coupled with a financed handset may not be much
cheaper than a subsidized plan initially, but if you"re going to keep your
handset for a while it can be a big savings," said Craig Moffett, a telecom
analyst with MoffettNathanson.

In addition, subsidies encourage people to buy expensive devices because the
overall cost is spread out, so getting rid of them could make cheaper phones
more appealing.

Dan Hays, U.S. wireless advisory leader at the consulting firm PwC, said buying
phones will ultimately be like buying a car: You can buy one outright or in
installments. You can lease and upgrade to new models. You can buy a used model
or trade in an old one.

It may seem unfair to consumers that phone companies are backing away from
subsidies.

But consumers may indeed be the big winners in getting choice and freedom
instead.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 27, 2013 Friday

Washington: Obamacare Is a Bad Deal for Young People

LENGTH: 658  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

By now, young adults have heard that they are key to making Obamacare work, and
the Obama administration has spent ample resources trying to convince them that
the law is a good deal for them.

But they don't seem to be buying in. A new Harvard poll shows that 57 percent of
young adults polled disapprove of the health care law. And with good reason: The
law will impact young adults' wallets far more negatively than older adults in
two big ways.

1. Higher premiums. First, it's the Obamacare community rating rule. This rule
forces insurers to limit the difference they are allowed to charge based on age.
The result is that younger adults will have to pay artificially higher premiums
than they would have paid before Obamacare, to help offset the higher costs of
insuring older and sicker people.

This means young adults are by far hit the hardest when it comes to the massive
premium increases consumers will face moving from their previous policies to
Obamacare-approved policies - many will pay more than double.

2. Not such a great deal on subsidies. The law's supporters always claim that
the rate shock factor isn't a big deal because most people in the exchange will
qualify for subsidies. Moving past the fact that subsides are not free - the
Congressional Budget Office projects they'll cost taxpayers over a trillion
dollars by 2023 - many young adults won't qualify for subsidies, or if they do,
their subsidies will be far less than those received by older adults.

Here's how the subsidies work: In the exchanges, those who aren't offered
minimal essential coverage elsewhere (like through an employer) and who earn
between 100 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty level (FPL) are
eligible for a premium subsidy after they pay a certain percentage of their
income in premiums. The applicable percentage of income increases with income
level. Subsidies will be based off of the second-lowest cost silver-level plan
in a given area.

Premiums vary by age, but the applicable percentage of income for premiums does
not. Thus, older adults with the same income will receive a more generous
subsidy than younger adults at the same income level.

The National Center for Public Policy Research examined premium data in 15
exchanges and found that subsidies for most young adults phase out at 300
percent of FPL, while older adults (51-64) will receive subsidies up to the
threshold of 400 percent of FPL.

The authors provide this example:

Compare two individuals each making $35,000 annually, the first age 30 and the
second age 60. For both, the dollar amount of their applicable percentage is
$3,325. In only two of the 13 exchanges examined in this study would the
30-year-old receive a subsidy, while the 60-year-old does in every exchange. On
average, the 60-year-old would receive a subsidy of $3,354.

The authors then apply the weighted average nationally: "If the average incomes
at which subsidies end in the 15 exchanges examined in this study are extended
to the nation as a whole, then over 1.1 million of those age 18-34 who are
single, do not have children and have incomes below 400 percent FPL will receive
no exchange subsidies."

Another study by The 2017 Project determines the median and average subsidies by
income and age for 50 of the most populated counties in the U.S. and finds
similar results - young people will receive far less in subsidies than older
adults.

Substantially higher premiums and no subsidy or smaller subsidies - this doesn't
sound like a "good deal" for young adults.

When you consider that the penalty for not purchasing insurance is far less than
the cost of coverage, it doesn't bode well for incentivizing the population
Obamacare so desperately needs to make the premium math work for the rest of
exchange enrollees.

Originally distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Washington: Obamacare Is a Bad Deal for Young People

LENGTH: 658  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

By now, young adults have heard that they are key to making Obamacare work, and
the Obama administration has spent ample resources trying to convince them that
the law is a good deal for them.

But they don't seem to be buying in. A new Harvard poll shows that 57 percent of
young adults polled disapprove of the health care law. And with good reason: The
law will impact young adults' wallets far more negatively than older adults in
two big ways.

1. Higher premiums. First, it's the Obamacare community rating rule. This rule
forces insurers to limit the difference they are allowed to charge based on age.
The result is that younger adults will have to pay artificially higher premiums
than they would have paid before Obamacare, to help offset the higher costs of
insuring older and sicker people.

This means young adults are by far hit the hardest when it comes to the massive
premium increases consumers will face moving from their previous policies to
Obamacare-approved policies - many will pay more than double.

2. Not such a great deal on subsidies. The law's supporters always claim that
the rate shock factor isn't a big deal because most people in the exchange will
qualify for subsidies. Moving past the fact that subsides are not free - the
Congressional Budget Office projects they'll cost taxpayers over a trillion
dollars by 2023 - many young adults won't qualify for subsidies, or if they do,
their subsidies will be far less than those received by older adults.

Here's how the subsidies work: In the exchanges, those who aren't offered
minimal essential coverage elsewhere (like through an employer) and who earn
between 100 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty level (FPL) are
eligible for a premium subsidy after they pay a certain percentage of their
income in premiums. The applicable percentage of income increases with income
level. Subsidies will be based off of the second-lowest cost silver-level plan
in a given area.

Premiums vary by age, but the applicable percentage of income for premiums does
not. Thus, older adults with the same income will receive a more generous
subsidy than younger adults at the same income level.

The National Center for Public Policy Research examined premium data in 15
exchanges and found that subsidies for most young adults phase out at 300
percent of FPL, while older adults (51-64) will receive subsidies up to the
threshold of 400 percent of FPL.

The authors provide this example:

Compare two individuals each making $35,000 annually, the first age 30 and the
second age 60. For both, the dollar amount of their applicable percentage is
$3,325. In only two of the 13 exchanges examined in this study would the
30-year-old receive a subsidy, while the 60-year-old does in every exchange. On
average, the 60-year-old would receive a subsidy of $3,354.

The authors then apply the weighted average nationally: "If the average incomes
at which subsidies end in the 15 exchanges examined in this study are extended
to the nation as a whole, then over 1.1 million of those age 18-34 who are
single, do not have children and have incomes below 400 percent FPL will receive
no exchange subsidies."

Another study by The 2017 Project determines the median and average subsidies by
income and age for 50 of the most populated counties in the U.S. and finds
similar results - young people will receive far less in subsidies than older
adults.

Substantially higher premiums and no subsidy or smaller subsidies - this doesn't
sound like a "good deal" for young adults.

When you consider that the penalty for not purchasing insurance is far less than
the cost of coverage, it doesn't bode well for incentivizing the population
Obamacare so desperately needs to make the premium math work for the rest of
exchange enrollees.

Originally distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               THE LAWYERS WEEKLY

                                August 18, 2000

TAX VIEWS
A subsidy by any other name

BYLINE: Vern Krishna

SECTION: Vol. 20, No. 14

LENGTH: 1360 words


Subsidies can offend international trade agreements. A trade subsidy is
pecuniary aid, generally in the form of a grant or contribution of money. The
aid can take the form of direct cash grants or indirect tax subsidies. Indirect
subsidies may reduce tax rates or offer tax base reductions through accelerated
write-offs.

Each form ultimately reduces the cost of production, but some are more efficient
than others. Thus, if one can wrap a direct cash subsidy into an indirect tax
subsidy and hide its economic effect, one might achieve the same result and not
violate international trade agreements.

The direct cash subsidy is the easiest to understand and, therefore, regulatory
bodies scrutinize them the most carefully. The concept is simple. The government
simply sends a cheque to the qualifying candidate or business enterprise.

Alternatively, a government can subsidize an enterprise through a development
bank, such as the Canada Development Corporation (CDC), through interest-free or
low-cost loans.

In some circumstances, the grant may be refundable, but even so, few enterprises
repay them in any event. Government subsidies can conflict with international
trade rules. If they do, the government may have to defend itself before the
World Trade Organization (WTO) and face sanctions. Thus, planning subsidies
require careful camouflage to avoid trade sanctions.

Canada's victory in its four-year trade battle with Brazil illustrates the
dangers for a government that hands out blatant subsidies to companies that sell
their products on world markets.

In the latest case, Canada and Brazil have been battling over financial help to
Bombardier Inc., which manufacturers the Canadair Regional Jet, and Brazil's
assistance to Embraer, a Brazilian company that also manufactures regional jets.

Last year, the WTO ruled that both Canada and Brazil violated international
trade rules by providing industrial subsidies for their respective jets. Canada
revamped its Technology Partnerships program to comply with the WTO ruling.
Meanwhile, Brazil continued its subsidy program. Now, Canada is considering
punitive trade sanctions.

Although direct trade subsidies offend under the WTO rules, one can indirectly
achieve the same result through tax concessions. Tax concessions typically take
two forms, rate adjustments and accelerated write-offs. The objective of tax
concessions is to reduce the cost of production and improve the rate of return
on invested capital.

A rate adjustment can offer a partial or complete tax holiday for a limited or
indefinite time. The government simply says that a particular industry or type
of corporation in a particular region need not pay any taxes for a certain
number of years.

For example, some years ago the Ontario government granted small Canadian
corporate businesses carrying on an active business in Ontario a tax holiday for
three years. In other circumstances, the federal government grants tax holidays
for mining operations, manufacturing and processing, etc. The theory underlying
a tax holiday is to indirectly provide financial assistance through the tax
system to enterprises that meet certain criteria. The criteria can be political,
economic, social or cultural.

A tax holiday need not be a complete holiday. A government may simply reduce the
rate of tax from its normal corporate rate to a nominal amount for an indefinite
period.  Ireland, for example, has a 10 per cent corporate tax rate for certain
financial activities around the Dublin area. This in effect amounts to a partial
tax holiday in comparison with the normal corporate tax rate on all other
businesses that do not qualify for the low rate. Thus, if a business normally
pays 40 per cent taxes on its profits and gets a rate reduction to 10 per cent,
the tax holiday is equivalent to 30 per cent of the capital invested in
perpetuity.

Governments do not like tax holidays. Worse still, they do not like permanent
tax holidays that permanently reduce the tax rate to zero. The OECD recently
issued its Report on Unfair Tax Competition and published a list of so-called
"black list"countries (a.k.a. tax havens) because they do not levy corporate
taxes.

The OECD says this is unfair to countries that levy high taxes because
businesses will migrate from the high-tax jurisdictions to low-tax countries.
They say that this is unfair. Everyone should have high tax rates to protect
against the flight of capital. The Report identifies Canada as a mild offender.

Indirect subsidies through tax credits and fast write-offs also work well.
Montreal-based Bombardier Inc., for example, has plans to spend $100 million to
build an aircraft assembly plant near Mirabel Airport. The plant will account
for 1,000 new jobs. Last October, the Quebec government announced a Montreal
Free Trade Zone at Mirabel to attract companies with offers of substantial tax
credits running through to the end of 2010. The subsidies, which target
manufacturing and aviation, are in the form of tax credits of up to 40 per cent
on wages and 25 per cent on equipment purchases. Overall, the subsidies will
reduce the cost of manufacturing, which, of course, will make the subsidized
industries more competitive in international markets.

Thus, one can achieve through a tax subsidy exactly the same result that one
achieves through a direct cash subsidy. Trade experts, however, do not look too
closely at tax subsidies. They live in the world of direct trade rules.

Which works best -direct trade subsidies, tax holidays or indirect tax subsidies
? In fact, they all work in exactly the same way, but with varying degrees of
government intervention.

Each method reduces the cost of production so that the subsidized enterprise can
compete better (and even unfairly) in domestic or international markets. If the
unfair competition is only in the domestic market, the problem does not attract
the attention of the WTO.

If the subsidy violates global trade rules, however, the government of a
competitor country can bring charges and seek compensation or trade sanctions
against the offending country.

Governments will not publicly admit the reality of tax subsidies. There is
little doubt as to their purpose and economic objectives, however, and the
courts recognize them for what they do. The Supreme Court of Canada recently
approved the following characterization of certain manufacturing and processing
incentives:

" It is clear from the total context of the legislation, including the passages
from the House of Commons Debates to which I have referred, that Parliament's
objective in enacting the legislation was encouragement of increased production
of manufactured and processed goods to be placed on the domestic and
international markets in competition with foreign manufacturers. That that is
the activity which Parliament sought to encourage is, to my mind, plain from the
Debates.

It is equally plain that Parliament intended to benefit manufacturers and
processors who engaged in those activities. In other words, the relevant
statutory provisions were designed to give Canadian manufacturers and processors
an advantage over their foreign competitors in the domestic and foreign markets.

It is also clear that Parliament had in mind specific target groups and specific
target activities. The legislation was not intended to benefit every
manufacturing activity or every manufacturer."

The Supreme Court merely acknowledges what tax legislators have known all along.
Subsidies offend trade rules. If, however, one can wrap a direct cash subsidy
into an indirect tax subsidy and hide the economic effect through fast
write-offs, one can achieve exactly the same end, but without violating
international trade rules.

Whether in writing the law or in complying with it, form usually prevails over
substance, except when a court retrospectively says that substance should
prevail over form on the particular facts.

Vern Krishna, QC, FRSC, FCGA is Executive Director of the CGA Tax Research
Centre at the University of Ottawa Law School and Tax Counsel, Koskie Minsky,
Barristers & Solicitors, Toronto. Web: Counsel.ca

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright © 2002 LexisNexis Canada Inc.


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 10, 2012 Monday

Subsidy growth to be flat, easing way to deficit target

BYLINE: KG Narendranath

LENGTH: 903  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The Centre's subsidy burden during 2012-13 could turn out to be much less than
what many thought, helping finance minister P Chidambaram in his plan to
restrict the fiscal deficit to 5.3% of the gross domestic product (GDP).

The Controller General of Accounts' (CGA) provisional estimate of the Centre's
accounts for 2011-12, published at the beginning of 2012, revealed that actual
payments towards the three major subsidies - oil, fertiliser and food - were a
whopping 30% less than the revised estimate (RE) in the Budget presented in
March. The CGA's provisional account conventionally gives the first peek into
the actual inflows and outflows in the preceding year, after the approximation
done in the RE.

Although the finance ministry's monthly economic report (MER) released in May
also cited the CGA's account, few analysts seem to have noticed the big gap
between the actual spending on subsidies and the RE.

What the CGA said is only R1,46,951 crore was paid towards the three major
subsidies in 2011-12, against the RE of R2,08,503 crore and R1,64,516 crore
(actuals) in 2010-11. In other words, the finance ministry, then headed by
Pranab Mukherjee, did not expend R61,552 crore of the amount shown in the RE on
subsidies although this estimate is supposed to be arrived at with full
knowledge of what has been (going to be) spent in the year concerned. A good
part of this liability has been liquidated in the first half of FY13 - part
reason for the annual increase of 89% in the first-half subsidy expenditure (MER
October) to R1,41,903 crore.

This is good news for Chidambaram, who returned to the finance ministry in
August, because it implies that contrary to popular notion, the subsidy claims
haven't ballooned this year. It has remained more or less at the same level as
the corresponding period last year in the first half. It would therefore be
reasonable, rather than unduly hopeful, to assume that the expenditure on the
major subsidies in the second half can be restricted closer to R75,000 crore
(actuals of H1 last year) than R1.4 lakh crore disbursed in the first half of
this year. What buttresses this notion is that the global demand outlook remains
subdued for most commodities including crude, fertiliser inputs and vegetable
oil and, so, their prices are unlikely to flare up in the second half of this
fiscal and push up subsidy claims.

Which means the 2012-13 budget estimate (BE) of subsidies - R1,90,000 crore
including R1,79,554 crore major subsidies - is not as unrealistic as it would
seem at first glance.

This is despite Parliament's approval sought last week for an additional
expenditure of Rs 32,120 crore (cash outgo Rs 30,804 crore) mainly to meet the
oil subsidy bill.

The three major subsidies accounted for some 11.5% of the 2011-12 budget. Since
there is a big external factor about the size of subsidies (oil and key
fertiliser inputs are largely imported), these constitute an expenditure head
much less amenable to the finance minister's discretion than other items. And
here, the minister has got a much-needed reprieve.

The practice of issuing bonds to oil and fertiliser firms was dispensed with in
Budget 2010-11, and these firms are now being compensated for sale of goods at
subsidised rates only in cash. However, it continues the custom of deferring
roughly a quarter of the subsidy bill in a year (after making good the arrears)
to the following year. Yet the revised estimate on any major
expenditure/receipts item hasn't been so far removed from reality any time in
recent history as in 2011-12. Many would find inexcusable a 30% difference
between the RE and the actuals estimated soon after.

There is already a proposal to allow fertiliser companies to raise Rs 40,000
crore from banks, till the government can foot the pending subsidy bill. The
expected flat growth in subsidy claims in H2 coupled with the oft-used option of
deferring payment of a quarter of the year's subsidy bill to the next year would
come handy for Chidambaram.

Of course, the fiscal deficit in the April-October period reached 71.6% of the
budgeted level for the full year and 20% above the level in the same period last
year at Rs 3,67,920 crore. This slippage is, however, attributable to a large
extent to the fact that the bulk of the Rs 61,552 crore subsidy bill that
Mukherjee avoided paying last year has been footed this year.

Gross tax revenue growth in 2012-13, to meet the Budget target of Rs. 10.78 lakh
crore, should be 21%. Going by the pace of tax revenue growth, there could be a
shortfall of Rs 30,000-40,000 crore on this front. Spectrum revenue too would be
Rs 20,000 crore or so lower than the budgeted level. But Chidambaram can save
more on the expenditure front - apart from the expected gain from the slow/flat
growth in subsidies, he could achieve significant savings in the remaining part
of the year in Plan capital expenditure where the growth in the first seven
months has been about 34% as against the budgeted 27%.

So Chidambaram could try and restrict the fiscal deficit to around Rs 5.4 lakh
crore, as against the budgeted Rs 5.14 lakh crore. That means the deficit in the
final five months should be restricted to Rs 1.7 lakh crore. That is a tough
task but not an impossible one. The slowdown in GDP growth will have an adverse
effect on the fiscal deficit when expressed as percentage of the GDP. Yet, a
figure of 5.3-5.4% doesn't seem to be beyond reach.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 28, 1995, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Subsidies to business cut by 60%

BYLINE: by Jonathan Ferguson TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - The federal government is turning off the tap of taxpayers' money
that subsidizes Canadian businesses.

Finance Minister Paul Martin yesterday announced a 60 per cent cut in federal
business subsidies - from $3.8 billion this year to $1.5 billion in 1997-'98.

The hit list includes elimination this year of the annual $650 million grain
transportation subsidy, an 8 per cent cut in postal subsidies for books and a
mandate for regional development funds to make more loans than grants.

"These subsidies do not create long-lasting jobs," Martin told the House of
Commons.

"Nobody has made the case more strongly than business itself. And the world
over, the conclusion is the same."

Canada's business community had expected, and in many cases lobbied for, huge
cuts in the federal subsidies.

Hardest hit will be the transportation subsidies, slashed from $696 million this
year to $19 million in 1997-'98.

The regional development subsidies budget will also shrink dramatically - from
$700 million this year to $234 million in three years.

Martin said it was time to act.

"Decades ago, even into the last century, those subsidies were put in place to
respond to Canada's transportation and agricultural needs then existing," he
said.

"As time has passed, those needs have changed, but the subsidy structure has
not. We cannot postpone action any longer."

To that end, Martin has:

* Eliminated the Crow Rate subsidies under the Western Grain Transportation Act
effective in 1995-'96, which will save $2.6 billion over the next five years.

* Ended Atlantic freight subsidies, another $500 million savings over five
years.

Ottawa simultaneously announced a package to help the subsidized grain farmers
make the transition. It included:

* $1.6 billion to owners of Prairie farm land.

* $300 million to assist in the conversion to a more efficient transportation
system.

* Credit guarantees on up to $1 billion of sales to foreign buyers of Canadian
Wheat Board agrifood products.

Martin said the three big regional agencies play an important role in job
creation.

"However, we do not believe that handouts are the way to do it," the finance
minister said.

"Therefore, consistent with our new policy to sharply reduce business subsidies,
assistance to firms will be provided primarily through repayable loans on terms
tailored to foster genuine opportunity."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 11, 1990, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DIPLOMATS BUDGE ON SUBSIDIES AGREEMENT SOUGHT ON AID TO FARMERS

BYLINE: Lawrence M. O'Rourke Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1680 words


HOUSTON - U.S. and European diplomats worked Tuesday to find an agreement on
farm subsidy cuts that would give President George Bush a success story as the
host for the Houston economic summit meeting.  Treasury Secretary Nicholas F.
Brady said Tuesday evening that Bush and other leaders at the conference made
''substantial progress'' toward reconciling their differences over farm
subsidies but had not agreed on ''conclusive language'' on the subsidies.  He
said their principal delegates would work all night if necessary to hammer out
language that all the leaders of the seven industrialized democracies could
accept.  Brady said that both the Europeans and Bush retreated from their
initial positions to make a compromise possible. ''Both sides moved,'' he said.
The United States and the Europeans had disagreed over whether to promise
''substantial reductions'' or a ''phaseout'' of the $10 billion in annual
subsidies for European farm exports. Bush would promise the same course of
action for the $500 million in subsidies for U.S. farm exports.  Bush was asking
his Houston guests to agree on a ''phaseout'' - a complete end to export
subsidies - by the end of the century.  But European leaders, including West
German Chancellor Helmut Kohl and Jacques Delors, president of the European
Economic Community, told Bush that they could not promise to end subsidies
because of the political power of Europe's 13 million farm families. The United
States has about 2 million farmers.  The 12-nation European Economic Community -
the Common Market - spends about $52 billion a year on farm subsidies. U.S. farm
subsidies are estimated at $32 billion. French President Francois Mitterrand
said that he would prefer a commitment to work toward an end of all special
protections for farmers rather than focus on the narrower export subsidy issue,
French diplomats said. But they indicated Mitterrand would accept language
calling for the gradual reduction in subsidies because he wanted to preserve
Western unity on the issue.  While Bush and Kohl disagreed over farm subsidies,
they struck a tentative deal on the conference's central environmental issue,
efforts to limit air pollution that is believed to contribute to global warming.
Before the conference, Kohl had said he would try to persuade Bush to set
targets for reducing the release of carbon dioxide, which some scientists say
contributes half of the gases involved in global warming. In the United States,
carbon dioxide is produced in roughly equal amounts by motor vehicles, electric
utilities and industrial and residential buildings.  Bush has held that there
was too much scientific uncertainty about the subject to commit the United
States to any program. Such controls would cost U.S. business and consumers
billions of dollars and would damage U.S.  economic vitality, White House Chief
of Staff John H. Sununu said.  Bush and Kohl struck their agreement Monday
morning during an hour-long meeting. West German officials said Kohl offered a
plan to withdraw his proposal for a global warming commitment in exchange for a
statement by Bush that the United States would join an effort to expand measures
to preserve the world's tropical rain forests, especially those in Brazil's
Amazon basin.  Aid To Soviets Another highly contested area - money and credits
to the Soviet Union - also was close to resolution, White House officials and
Western diplomats said.  The Soviet aid compromise, as contained in the
political communique read Tuesday by Secretary of State James A. Baker III,
accepts the right of West Germany, France, Italy and other nations to give aid
to the Soviet Union if that is their individual nation's wish, without damaging
the Western alliance's unity.  Bush and the other leaders said in the communique
that they ''commit themselves to working with the Soviet Union to assist its
efforts to create an open society, a pluralistic democracy, and a
market-oriented economy.'' They said each nation ''stands ready to help in
practical ways those countries that choose freedom, through the provision of
constitutional, legal and economic know-how and through economic assistance, as
appropriate.'' Baker said the only appropriate U.S. aid to the Soviet Union now
was technical assistance. Methods of aiding the Soviet Union may be spelled out
more precisely in the economic communique to be released this afternoon.  On
economic issues, White House officials and Western diplomats said Bush would
authorize a study of the Soviet Union's economic problems and the cost to fix
them. U.S. spokesman Roman Popadiuk said the study would be conducted by the
World Bank, the International Monetary Fund, the European Bank for
Reconstruction and Development and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development.  Brady said that Bush's agreement to conduct such a study did not
mean that the United States planned to give money or other direct aid to the
Soviet Union.  The agreement to conduct a study was accepted by European
leaders, Western diplomats said, as a means to paper over a split among the
conference participants over aid to the Soviets.  French officials reported that
Mitterrand had told Bush in a closed session that U.S. refusal to give money and
credits to the Soviet Union ''risks the fall'' of Mikhail S. Gorbachev as Soviet
president and ''the termination of his reforms.'' Mitterrand, Kohl, Italian
Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti and Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney favor
direct aid to the Soviet Union. Bush, British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher
and Japanese Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu said it is not the right time to aid
Gorbachev.  According to German sources, Kohl argued that Bush and Kaifu were
applying a double standard to the main Communist powers, approving aid to the
government in China but withholding it from the Soviet Union.  Picking up that
point, Mitterrand said the double standard was ''humiliating'' to the Soviet
Union and would cause trouble in the years to come.  Andreotti said that Bush's
refusal to join in a sizeable aid package for the Soviet Union could sink
Gorbachev and be ''a catastrophe for Eastern European countries.'' Bush and his
colleagues also opened the door a crack for aid to China. They noted improvement
in China's human rights behavior since its crackdown June 1989 on pro-democracy
demonstrators in Tiananmen Square.  While agreeing to maintain sanctions against
China, the leaders accepted a proposal by Kaifu whereby they will keep the
sanctions ''under review for future adjustments to respond to further positive
developments in China.'' (3* edition continuation) At the urging of Bush and
Thatcher, the communique made no mention of continuing sanctions against the
white government in South Africa.  They welcomed ''positive events'' in South
Africa and expressed hope that these events would develop into a ''non-racial
democracy and the complete dismantlement of the apartheid system.''

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           February 2, 1995 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

US gives vague assurances on subsidies

BYLINE: CRAIG THOMAS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 415 words


Canberra.

The United States has the "political will" to ensure Australia's interests would
not be trampled on by US agricultural subsidies programs, the US Deputy
Secretary of State, Mr Strobe Talbott, said yesterday.

Mr Talbott, in Australia on the final leg of a five-nation tour, said the US's
controversial export subsidy program would be "fully consistent with the spirit
as well as the substance of GATT".

But he would not be drawn on what action the US Government would take to
minimise the damage to Australia's dairy markets in Asia by the latest round of
dairy subsidies.

Mr Talbott was speaking after a round of talks on the US dairy subsidies with
the Prime Minister, Mr Keating, the Trade Minister, Senator MacMullan, and the
Foreign Minister, Senator Evans, in Canberra yesterday.

"The US will continue to take account of Australia's interests . .

. and we do so because Australia is indeed a friend, an important trading
partner, a free trader, a non-subsidy exporter," he said.

"We are convinced we have the mechanisms in terms of political will to make good
on that commitment."

After the meeting, Senator MacMullan said Mr Talbott gave undertakings to convey
Australia's outrage over the dairy subsidies back to Washington. Senator
MacMullan said the Australian Government and industry would provide the US
administration with "accurate market intelligence" as a basis for the US to set
more sensible export subsidy levels.

Industry sources said the recent subsidised sale of 3000 tonnes of skim milk
powder to the Philippines was done at the world price of $US1975.

They said the massive subsidies paid to the US exporters were basically pocketed
and did not result in a lower price, because no other countries had sufficient
skim milk powder supplies to sell into the market.

The sources said the US Department of Agriculture had not been aware of the
situation and there was little need for subsidies to sell US dairy products into
Asia.

The US announced last week that Australian dairy export markets in Asia would be
targets for export subsidies. It launched its assault on Australia's markets in
Asia last weekend, when it dumped thousands of tonnes of skim milk powder in the
Philippines, Thailand and Malaysia.

The move came after the European Union decided to cut export subsidies for
butter, butter oil and wholemilk powder.

Senator MacMullan said yesterday that the US would be better placed to hand the
money used for the overpayment of dairy subsidies to America's homeless.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1995 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               December 19, 2015

Speak Straight, End Fuel Subsidy Now

LENGTH: 936 words


The broadest hint that the Federal Government is considering bringing to an end
the costly and wasteful regime of fuel subsidies was dropped in Abuja last
Monday by Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, who
doubles as Group Managing Director [GMD] of the Nigeria National Petroleum
Corporation, NNPC. Appearing before the National Assembly's Joint Committee on
Finance, Appropriation and National Planning which was considering the
government's Medium Term Expenditure Framework (MTEF), Kachikwu said fuel
subsidy will cost the treasury over N1 trillion in 2015. He added that it is no
longer sustainable.

The minister however used complicated technical language to get his message
across. He said, "The total subsidy figure for 2015 when taken along with NNPC
will be in excess of N1 trillion. We can get the specifics but the point is
largely that it does not involve NNPC because the agency takes its off-cuff. We
will work towards taking those figures off our budget in 2016." He added, "The
government doesn't need to fund subsidy. There is energy around the removal of
subsidy. Most Nigerians we talk to today would say, that's where to go...I have
since left the dictionary of subsidy by going to price modulation, which is a
bit more technical. Price of refined products today is N87. It was N97 before it
was removed and we really have to go back to that because we don't really have
the finance to remove it. There are lots of safety barometer between the N87 and
N97 per litre regime between which government does not have to fund subsidy
...Yet the prices would be fairly close to what it used to be today. That is the
first mechanism we are going to work on. It is when that mechanism fails that we
will begin to look at a total subsidy exit. We believe we could achieve that."

Kachikwu's complicated statement was widely interpreted in the following day's
newspapers to mean that the cost of a litre of petrol in Nigeria will go up to
N97 and that if that does not work, then the whole subsidy regime will be
gradually phased out. Kachikwu however said that was not what he meant. He
clarified his position by saying, "I did not say that refined product will sell
for N97 next year. I said that between the band of N87 and N97 we are going to
look at prices. Today the prices are largely close to N87 so there might be no
need to change prices. By January oil may well go up slightly, by February it
may go slightly, by April it may come down. It is all a dynamics of what the
price of crude is. I have not put a certain figure. I and PPPRA will sit down
and do those calculations and be able to announce what price PMS will sell for
in January. We do not anticipate any shift in the price of crude today."

We advise Dr. Ibe Kachikwu to use simpler and more straight forward language in
future when he is addressing Nigerians either directly or through their elected
representatives. We were initially hopeful that his statement indicated that an
end to fuel subsidy is in sight. This is not because we at Daily Trust will be
happy to pay higher prices for fuel. Rather, it is because fuel subsidy has
become a very big drain on the public treasury at a time when falling oil prices
have taken a heavy toll on the Federation Account. State governments and even
the Federal Government are having trouble paying their workers but so much money
goes into the subsidy fund which at the end of the day has made fuel supply
epileptic rather than stable. One trillion naira has been spent on subsidy this
year when for most parts of the year there was acute shortage of the commodity,
with long queues at the filling stations and with most Nigerians buying fuel at
prices much higher than the official N87 a litre.

Quite clearly, the subsidy regime has become a blackmail instrument used by oil
marketers to hold the government by the jugular. Every now and then they squeeze
it by hoarding fuel, forcing the treasury to cough out hundreds of billions of
naira. We thought that with Kachikwu's statement, federal government has had a
rethink because President Muhammadu Buhari's body language since he took over
showed that he is not amenable to removing fuel subsidy. Back in July when he
received a briefing from the Ministry of Petroleum Resources, NNPC and other
agencies in the oil sector, Buhari said, "I have received much literature on the
need to remove subsidies, but much of it has no depth. When you touch the price
of petroleum products, that has the effect of triggering price rises on
transportation, food and rents. That is for those who earn salaries, but there
are many who are jobless and will be affected by it." He added that lack of
transparency rather than subsidy itself is the problem, but experience in the
last six months has not borne him out.

Many local and international experts have advised the president to end fuel
subsidies now. His reluctance is understandable because Buhari is supported by
ordinary folks who might see subsidy removal as betrayal by a man they fought so
hard to install. This need not be so. The reality on ground should be explained
to everyone's understanding that fuel subsidy payments have exceeded the
Federation Account in recent months and that the only visible gainers are
crooked oil importers, oil distributors and their collaborators in government,
followed by middle class folks who own many vehicles.

President Buhari should find a way to ameliorate the masses' real concern that
subsidy removal will lead to higher transport fares. Once that fear is
addressed, fuel subsidy should be removed. Not in phases, but once and for all.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

Fuel Subsidy Transactions May Hurt Credit Ratings, Reserves, Economy

BYLINE: Blessing Anaro

LENGTH: 1100 words


The opacity of transactions involving fuel subsidy is likely going to undermine
the little successes so far recorded in the nation's economy. At a time, when
the economies of many countries are showing signs of distress and actually
looking for a bail out, Nigeria seems to be spending about 50 percent of its
entire budget bailing out other economies through the payment of subsidy.

This is because, when you import finished goods, you are indirectly helping
those economies to be more productive and keep their employment levels high. In
Nigeria, people are losing jobs, whereas the country is paying the wages of
people in other countries.

As 'blackmails' from some dubious petroleum product marketers intensifies, the
federal government recently showed signs of buckling and hinted that it may
resort to using the funds under the Excess Crude Account (ECA) in paying for
petroleum products subsidy, which real amount is yet to be ascertained.

"Why this subsidy thing may likely undermine the economy is that, very little is
known about what the actual amount of the subsidy is", said one analyst.

The finance minister and co-ordinating minister for the economy Ngozi
Okonjo-Iweala, said that additional $4 billion or N620 billion be plunged into
ensuring subsidy is paid. In other words, the payment will ensure that some
people outside the country keep their jobs by producing petroleum products for
Nigeria.

The N620 billion is outside the N888 billion earlier earmarked in this year's
(2012) budget for subsidy payment. If, eventually, the government goes ahead to
spend the monies initially meant for the three tiers of government on subsidy
payment, then a whopping N1.51 trillion would have gone into paying for subsidy.

The matter did not just stop there. The complexity of the subsidy issue is
deeper. This is because, the marketers are said to be owing international banks
another $3.4 billion, about N530 billion.

This is where analysts fear that such debt overhang could debase Nigeria's
credit rating, if the debts are not paid as at when due.

But another implication for the economy is that, if that amount owed
international banks is part of the subsidy, then what government will pay this
year would be N2.04 trillion.

As if that amount is not enough, the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC) is also said to be covering additional cost of imports with opaque crude
swaps. Here the amount in value terms is not yet ascertained. All these point to
the fact that, Nigeria may actually be spending more than 50 percent of its
budget on subsidy.

Based on these facts, Razia Khan, Regional Head of Research, Africa Global
Research, Standard Chartered Bank, London said the risks posed to the Nigerian
economy by the continuation of the fuel subsidy are significant, and made a lot
worse by the opacity of the sector.

"Fundamentally, the problem is Nigeria's continued heavy dependence on oil
revenue. In the event of a severe global shock hurting oil prices, Nigeria does
not have much of a buffer to safeguard any spending, let alone spending on the
fuel subsidy. It is crucial, given this risk, that buffers are rebuilt - and
this should take some priority over any other discretionary spending.

"The problem is that the indebtedness of the oil sector creates ultimate claims
on the Nigerian government, potentially hurting the country's credit standing.
This is something that could easily spiral, if not properly addressed", she
warned.

On whether the Nigerian economy will survive this, Khan said she is almost
certain it will do. She however said; to minimise risks, timely action is
required.

According to her, the money already spent on the subsidy needs to be properly
investigated, and questions need to be asked about whether Nigeria can continue
to prioritise subsidy spending, with the current flawed system, ahead of all
other spending.

"It's a tax on the poor, and the country's development prospects and future
creditworthiness, in order to add something to the pockets of a select few", she
said.

Samir Gadio, Analyst with Standard Bank, London agreed with Khan, saying
depleting the ECA further is certainly not the appropriate step at a time when
the oil price is under heavy pressure.

"This would exacerbate the recent negative shift in confidence in the naira and
put more upward pressure on dollar/naira", he said.

Gadio is of the view that the fiscal cost associated with the subsidy was
becoming unbearable and has amplified already severe fiscal distortions.

According to him, not only does the subsidy perpetuate a vicious cycle of
refined fuel dependency, but it diverts sizeable resources that could be used to
bridge Nigeria's substantial infrastructure gap.

"So what is the actual benefit from the fuel subsidy?", he wondered.

Bismarck Rewane, chief executive officer of Financial Derivatives Company (FDC)
Limited recalled that the recent Monetary Policy Report (MPR) clearly evidences
the fact that the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is seriously concerned about the
risk of a potential depreciation in the naira, as a result of the recent
developments in the international commodity and financial markets.

He said this concern was understandable as the Nigerian economy is heavily
dependent on oil, the possibility of a softening in crude oil prices with
potential fiscal revenue losses could lead to renewed pressure on the exchange
rate.

If the weakening in the naira persists, which we expect, then the nation's forex
reserves could deplete even faster than the CBN anticipates. The market would
likely see such depletion as a sign of weakness which could lead to a further
increase in currency speculation.

Last week, Rewane warned that with the events in the world markets, Nigeria may
not be able to maintain robust external reserves.

According to him, the federal government's budget is bench-marked to oil price
at pb$72, while Bonny Light crude is trading at pb$98. This is a variance of
pb$26.

"Using our regression model, at the current rate of decline, we expect foreign
exchange (forex) inflows to fall from $4.31bn in January to $3.34 billion in
July. If oil prices were to drop to $80 per barrel ( which is 50 percent
likelihood based on current trends), there is a 95 percent likelihood that forex
inflows will decline to approximately $3.03 billionn. In this situation
Nigeria's external reserves would be expected to follow suit and drop to a value
as low as $22 billion, covering less than three months of imports. Resultantly,
the CBN may be forced to allow the naira to depreciate sharply to N165/$, to
compensate for the substantial loss in oil revenue.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            December 26, 2005 Monday

U.S. farm subsidies hurt America

BYLINE: Nicholas D. Kristof

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: ALTUS, Oklahoma


Here's a gift Americans should give themselves this Christmas season: a firm
commitment to cut farm subsidies sharply, above all for cotton.

Sure, American subsidies hurt poor African countries. But the biggest problem
with farm subsidies is that they are a cancer on rural America itself. They
raise land prices significantly, which makes it hard for young farmers to get
started, and they arguably undermine the family farm by creating incentives for
the consolidation of agriculture.

That's why those who raise livestock [#x2039] who generally don't enjoy
subsidies [#x2039] often speak derisively of those who ''farm the government.''
Despite the stereotype that all rural America is on the socialist teat, it's
largely the farmers of specific commodities like cotton, rice and corn who had
the political pull to push a subsidy through Congress.

I came here to cotton country to talk to farmers, because I thought I owed them
that much. And I sympathize with them. They are good, hard-working people who
are struggling [#x2039] and who are terrified of losing the price supports that
sustain their entire way of life.

Danny Robbins, a fourth-generation cotton farmer here, has already told his
14-year-old son not to take over the family farm as a full-time job.

''I will encourage him to have something to fall on beside his backside,''
Robbins said. ''We're a stroke of a pen from going out of business. It's pretty
scary.''

But subsidies are the problem, not the solution. They have kept marginal land in
production, resulting in overproduction and lower prices [#x2039] and here in
Oklahoma, subsidies kept people farming cotton when the market tried to switch
them to canola, peanuts, wheat or other crops.

Consider corn. From 2000 through 2004, the average American farmer has, at first
glance, lost money every year planting corn [#x2039] up to $128 per acre in
losses, depending on the year. Yet the acreage planted in corn has been
increasing. Why? Partly because U.S. taxpayers more than covered the losses with
$25 billion in subsidies in that period. Without the subsidies, according to a
study cited by Oxfam, U.S. corn production would have been 15 percent lower and
world corn prices 7 percent higher.

I grew up on a farm in Oregon, and my teen years centered on the Future Farmers
of America. But this column isn't a betrayal [#x2039] because subsidies don't
strengthen rural America, but sap it.

The cotton farmers here in Oklahoma raise some valid arguments [#x2039] above
all, the need to aid struggling communities. But handing out cash to full-time
cotton farmers whose average net worth is around $1 million doesn't help the
most desperate agricultural families. And I get a farm subsidy of $588 each
year, because I own farmland in Oregon that is in the conservation reserve
program; surely there are better ways to help struggling farm towns than by
sending subsidies to New York journalists.

I raised sheep in FFA, and my parents still keep a few ewes. And almost no
industry has suffered more than sheep ranching, with the numbers of sheep in the
United States falling from 56 million head in 1942 to just 6 million today. But
imagine if we had started a major sheep subsidy to ease the trauma. Today we
might have 100 million sheep, a $10 billion annual subsidy, and ranchers would
still be struggling.

At this month's World Trade Organization meeting in Hong Kong, the arguments
against subsidies focused on the harm they do to poor countries. Europe is the
worst offender, subsidizing each cow to the tune of $2.20 a day [#x2039] more
than much of the world lives on. I agree that one of the most effective ways to
help poor countries would be to cut our subsidies.

But the biggest reason to reform American agriculture is at home. My heart goes
out to the struggling cotton farmers here in Oklahoma. But the existing system
has failed, and it's time to rely on the market.

***

E-mail: nicholas@nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             March 11, 2003 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Australia in tough stand on subsidies

BYLINE: Lenore Taylor LONDON

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 525 words


Australia has warned the European Union and the United States that some of their
biggest farm subsidies will become vulnerable to World Trade Organisation
challenge at the end of this year a threat aimed at either unlocking
agricultural trade negotiations or attacking unfair farm subsidies under
existing agreements.

The Australian Ambassador to the WTO, David Spencer, pointedly suggested at an
Agriculture Committee meeting in Geneva last week that the EU considered how
vulnerable some of its farm subsidies might become once a "peace clause"
inserted into the previous Uruguay Round agriculture agreement expired at the
end of this year, according to European press reports.

The peace clause stops subsidies which comply with the agriculture agreement
from being challenged under other WTO pacts.

After it expires, farm subsidies would be open to challenge for the first time
in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade or WTO history, under general WTO
agreements.

According to a study by Stanford University professors Richard Steinberg and Tim
Josling, European grain, meat, dairy and sugar subsidies and US wheat, rice,
dairy and cotton subsidies would then become vulnerable to challenge either
because they harm non-subsidising countries' sales into third markets or serve
to depress world prices for the commodities.

The EU wants the peace clause to be extended while the Doha negotiations go on,
but the Australian-led Cairns group rejects this approach.

"We have been waiting for 50 years to end the injustices in world agricultural
markets and see no reason why agricultural subsidies should continue to be
exempt from disciplines under the WTO Subsidies and Countervailing Measures
Agreement," Mr Spencer told The Australian Financial Review. "Export subsidies
on industrial products were prohibited in 1960. It's high time the same rules
applied to agriculture."

Other nations have proposed compromise plans. India proposes a peace clause
should continue only for developing countries and Canada suggests the least
trade-distorting "green box" subsidies should continue to be exempt from
challenge until a new agreement can be concluded.

The blueprint for the agricultural talks released by the chair of the
negotiations, Stuart Harbinson, did not mention the peace clause issue.

But given the entrenched positions in the stalled Doha talks, the pointed
warning from Australia is being interpreted as indicating the Cairns Group
intends to use the peace clause expiry either to force some major EU concessions
or to start taking action regardless of the outcome of the Doha round talks.

Agricultural subsidies have emerged as the make or break issue in the Doha round
of talks, and so far nations have been unable to agree even on the starting
point for their negotiations.

Professors Steinberg and Josling said: "If, as our conclusions suggest, the
expiry of the peace clause is seen as a significant threat to the subsidy
policies of major countries, then there will be more incentive for competing
exporting countries, such as those in the Cairns Group, to bargain in the shadow
of its expiry to get agreement on further subsidy reduction."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2003 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

KP, Sindh refuse to contribute to fertilizer subsidy scheme

BYLINE: FAZAL SHER

SECTION: Vol. 53 No. 26

LENGTH: 485  words


Provincial governments of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Sindh have refused to
contribute to the continuation of fertilizer subsidy for the remaining six
months of the current fiscal year and only Punjab has agreed to contribute its
share to the subsidy scheme. Sources in the Ministry of National Food Security
and Research (MNFS and R) told Business Recorder on Wednesday that the
representatives of provincial governments of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Sindh have
refused to contribute their shares for subsidy scheme at a meeting called after
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's recent directives for continuation of provision of
subsidy on fertilisers.

They said that the representative of government of Balochistan did not attend
the meeting and only the government of Punjab agreed to contribute its share for
the subsidy scheme.

Secretary MNFS and R Muhammad Abid Javed, when contacted, confirmed the meeting
but he refused to share details of the meeting.

The sources said that Rs 27.96 billion were allocated in budget for financial
year 2016-17 for the subsidy to be equally shared by the federal and provincial
governments. The subsidy included Rs 17.16 billion for urea and Rs 10.8 billion
for DAP.

However, government withdrew subsidy scheme on fertilizer on January 9 on the
grounds that the amount which had been allocated in the budget for fertilizer
subsidy had been consumed.

Following, huge political pressure Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on January 13
ordered continuation of provision of subsidy on fertilisers for the benefit of
farmers. The government had announced cash subsidy of Rs 300 per bag for DAP and
Rs 156 per bag for urea fertilizer in the budget 2016-17. Annual offtake of urea
was estimated at around 110 million bags and the subsidy amount was calculated
at Rs 17.160 billion at the ratio of 50:50 between federal and concerned
provincial government.

The annual offtake of DAP was estimated at around 36 million bags and the
subsidy amount was calculated at Rs 10.08 billion with 50 per cent provincial
share, the NFS and R document revealed.

Following the announcement of subsidy, the price of urea had gone down from Rs
1,790 to Rs 1,400 per bag. The market dynamics further reduced per bag price and
producers are selling urea bag as low as Rs 1,200-1,300 and same trend was
witnessed in DAP and other fertilisers.

Out of a total of Rs 27.96 billion, the due share of federal government was Rs
13.98 billion, Punjab, Rs 10.20 billion, Sindh, Rs 2.65 billion, Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Rs 0.70 billion, and Balochistan, Rs 0.42 billion. The provincial
governments of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa have been unable to generate
estimated budget surplus and only Balochistan and Sindh governments generated
some budget surplus during the fist six months. The provincial governments'
expenditures would increase further on account of providing subsidy on
fertilisers in the remaining period of the fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                             April 23, 2002 Tuesday

Subsidy said wrongly OK'd

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 667 words


A former senior official of the Tokyo metropolitan government who was in charge
of welfare provisions for the elderly approved in 1999 a subsidy worth about 450
million yen for a project to build a home for the elderly in Nishi-Tokyo despite
knowing that the subsidy was inappropriate, informed sources said Sunday.

The Saitama District Public Prosecutors Office has began investigating the case
and has questioned several metropolitan government officials, the sources said.

According to the sources, the former senior official, 61, ordered subordinates
to apply for the subsidy from the central government concerning the plan to
construct the facility in the city in western Tokyo.

Though the official knew that a welfare corporation that runs the facility was
ineligible to receive the subsidy, the corporation received the money from state
coffers.

The former official was chief of the metropolitan government's section for the
promotion of welfare for the elderly, the highest-ranking bureaucrat among Tokyo
government officials in charge of welfare services for the elderly, at the time.

The former senior official reportedly overcame colleagues' opposition to
granting the subsidy with the help of a then Liberal Democratic Party member of
the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly. The former assemblyman, 44, has been indicted
in connection with another bribery case.

The prosecutors office began its investigation on suspicion that the provision
of the subsidy violated a law on the appropriate use of state subsidies.

The metropolitan government's Social Welfare Bureau has already voluntarily
submitted related documents to the prosecutors, the sources said.

According to the sources, the former senior official instructed his subordinates
to apply for a state subsidy for the corporation in May or June 1999, when the
corporation planned to construct a home for the elderly in Nishi-Tokyo that
would offer medical services.

At the time, the application for a state subsidy for the plan had been suspended
because the metropolitan government had been unable to confirm the financial
condition of the corporation through examining its bank accounts, and the
corporation had been unable to secure funds for the plan.

Despite being aware of the situation, the former senior official told his
subordinates to apply for the subsidy during a meeting, the sources said.

The subsidy to the corporation was unofficially approved in September 1998, but
was later temporarily suspended due to the uncertainty over the corporation's
financial condition.

The former assemblyman apparently lobbied on behalf of the corporation and a
construction company in Ome, Tokyo, that won the contract for the construction.

The subsidy was finally approved in November 1999. The home for the elderly in
question opened in April 2000.

When a special home for the elderly with medical services is built, the central
and prefectural governments may subsidize the construction cost. In addition,
the metropolitan government has its own subsidies for the purchase of land.

The central and metropolitan governments had extended a total of about 1.24
billion yen in subsidies to the corporation for the construction and purchase of
the land by May 2000.

Of the approximately 900 million yen offered for the construction of the home,
prosecutors suspect that about 450 million yen may have been illegally supplied
by the central government.

The former senior official, who is currently the director of a social welfare
organization in Tokyo affiliated with the metropolitan government, denied that
the subsidy was extended illegally in an interview with The Yomiuri Shimbun.

"Though the corporation had problems, I permitted the subsidy because the
problems were cleared up. I've never ordered subsidies to be extended that
shouldn't have been extended," he said.

But an official of the corporation admitted that there were inappropriate
features about the application for the subsidy.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2002 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                            November 22, 2009 Sunday

News in brief

LENGTH: 820 words


PepsiCo to invest $100 million in Egypt in 2010
US soft drinks and snacks maker PepsiCo Inc plans to invest $100 million in
Egypt next year, a senior company official said in a speech on Thursday.
The company's vice president for global public policy and government affairs,
Elizabeth Avery, said "PepsiCo is investing $100 million in Egypt."
A PepsiCo spokesman later confirmed the amount and that it would come in 2010.
Avery spoke briefly at a luncheon given by the Business Council for
International Understanding in honor of Egyptian Trade and Industry Minister
Rachid Mohamed Rachid.
Emerging markets, which are seeing growing urbanization and widening middle
classes, are critical to Pepsi and rival Coca-Cola Co, as growth slows in more
developed markets.
Coke said earlier this week that it expects emerging markets to contribute 60
percent of its incremental sales volume growth from now until 2020. -Reuters

Egypt to cancel El Wadi Cement license over delays
Egypt's licensing committee has decided to cancel the production license for El
Wadi Cement over start-up delays, and is reviewing four other licenses, the head
of the Industrial Development Authority said on Sunday.
"They decided to cancel the license because they didn't start for such a long
time," Amr Assal said. -Reuters

Egypt to raise purchase price for local wheat
Egypt will raise the price at which it buys Egyptian wheat from farmers to LE
270 ($49.50) per ardeb (150 kg), a ministry of agriculture adviser said on
Sunday.
"The decision was announced to parliament by the Agriculture Minister," Saad
Nassar told Reuters.
The price was set at LE 240 per ardeb last year. -Reuters

Egyptians to choose bread subsidy form: reports
Egyptian citizens will be allowed to choose their preferred bread subsidy form,
reported Al-Masry Al-Youm, quoting Minister of Social Solidarity Ali Moselhy.
Citizens will be allowed to choose between receiving cash subsidies of LE 13.5
per month or buying bread at its subsidized price, he said, with the cash amount
being determined after careful studies of bread consumption, costs and subsidies
.
In its daily market report, Belton Financial said that maintaining the
availability of subsidized bread aims at meeting the demand of groups that will
be difficult to access to pay cash subsidies to, if bread subsidies are all
monetized.
Food subsidies constitute around 25 percent of total subsidies, with subsidies
on wheat and corn representing 16 percent, Beltone reported.
"While we expect a gradual reduction in energy subsidies, we do not expect a
reduction in food subsidies, which we believe will be rather subject to an
improvement of disbursement process to better target subsidies," Beltone added.
Around 60 percent of total subsidies goes to energy.
NBE, Banque Misr to set up real estate management company
The National Bank of Egypt and Banque Misr said they will establish a company to
manage real estate assets that the banks will receive as part of settlements of
public sector companies' debt.
In the first phase, an estimated 1.27 square meters of land worth around LE 3.2
billion will be transferred to the new company. The second phase will involve
transfer of assets worth an estimated LE 4 billion, and a third phase will take
place at a later date. -Al-Mal

CBE says banks to be Basel II compliant by 2011
Central Bank of Egypt (CBE) Governor Farouk El-Okdah said that Egyptian banks
are expected to be compliant with Basel II by the end of 2011.
He added that there will be no new banking licenses issued and that there are no
near term plans to privatize Banque du Caire.
The United Bank will be offered to the public once it is fully restructured. The
bank saw its provisioning deficit drop from LE 4.7 billion to LE 1.4 billion
currently.
El-Okdah added that the CBE doesn't plan to sell its stake in Arab African
International Bank (AAIB) until market conditions improve. -Al-Ahram

New sodium carbonates complex in Suez
The Industrial Development Authority approved the Holding Company for Chemical
Industries' project to establish a sodium carbonates complex in the Gulf of
Suez, with investments totaling $600 million.
The complex will be developed in partnership with a Turkish company and will be
built on a total area of 1 million square meters. It will have a production
capacity of 600,000 tons of sodium carbonates per annum, 60 percent of which
will be exported.
Complex will require around 500,000 cubic meters of natural gas per annum for
production, in addition to another 500,000 cubic meters of gas per annum to
operate an electric power station for the complex. -Al-Masry Al-Youm

TE resorts to arbitration over rates
Telecom Egypt (TE) has resorted to arbitration over its interconnectivity rates
dispute with mobile players Mobinil and Vodafone Egypt.
TE is claiming LE 372 million from both operators as per the new interconnect
rates. Mobile companies have filed counter claims. -Al-Borsa

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2013 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 10, 1985

Economics Agenda: Supporting British jobs can pad foreign profits / Argument for
cuts in subsidies to industry

BYLINE: By DAVID METCALF

LENGTH: 1424 words


British consumers and taxpayers provide subsidies costing pounds 8,500 a year
for every one of the 600,000 people working in farming. Large sums of money are
also being spent by British consumers and taxpayers to support jobs or to boost
incomes in other industries.

Recently there have been thorough studies which costed the assistance given to
BL, to textiles and clothing via the Multi-Fibre Arrangement and to agriculture,
and the coal strike brought into focus the large subsidies given to the NCB in
the past few years. It is possible that if these subsidies were spent
differently the total number of jobs in our economy would increase, even if
employment fell in the sectors where the subsidies were cut.


There are two types of subsidy. First, there is the explicit Exchequer subsidy -
paid for by taxpayers - which appears in the White Paper on Public Spending or
in the annual accounts of BL or the NCB.

Second, there is the hidden subsidy - paid by British consumers - because prices
in the British market are kept above prices of the same or very similar goods
elsewhere in the world. The costs to consumers of these concealed subsidies are
far greater than the amount which British producers get.

When our car prices are kept higher than corresponding European car prices to
keep BL in business, most of the benefits of this disguised subsidy end up in
European or Japanese pockets because foreign car firms are also able to charge
higher prices and because BL only has a fifth of the British car market.
Likewise the CAP results in UK consumers not only featherbedding British
farmers, but also their EEC counterparts.

Aubrey Silberston has calculated the cost per British job protected by the
MultiFibre Arrangement (MFA) which restricts the increase of imports of many
textiles and clothes from the developing into the developed countries. If the
MFA was abandoned, British consumers would pay pounds 550 million (1985 prices
are used throughout this article) less a year for textiles and clothes. Two
thirds of these savings to consumers would be losses to foreign producers and
only one third to British firms.

The number of British jobs directly protected by the MFA is between 10,000 and
48,000 depending on your assumptions. So the annual cost per British job
supported by the MFA is between pounds 11,000 and pounds 55,000, which is
substantially greater than the pay or value added per worker in these sectors.

Between 1976 and 1984 BL received financial assistance from the Government
amounting of over pounds 3 billion. BL also gets - presumably with Government
connivance - a concealed subsidy because Brttish car prices are held above those
in many other European countries. This arrangement is buttressed by the
restraint on imports of cars from Japan.

In the early 1980s the hidden subsidy to BL was of the same order of magnitude
as the Exchequer subsidy (though it has been cut a bit in the mid-1980s), but it
costs British consumers around five times the amount it benefits BL. As Brian
Hindley of the Trade Policy Research Centre puts it, 'foreign motor car
manufacturers are systematically mulcting British citizens of large sums of
money.'

In 1980 BL got pounds 346 million of Exchequer assistance and a concealed
subsidy of pounds 389 million. But the cost to the consumer of the concealed
subsidy was pounds 1946 million. So the cost of this support came to pounds 2.3
billion. If we assume that in 1980 this directly protected 100,000 jobs, the
cost per job supported comes out at pounds 23,000, some three times greater than
male pay in the car industry then.

It is often argued that many other jobs in the economy depend on the continued
existence of BL. Some motor industry experts put the total number of jobs
supported by the subsidy to BL at over half a million. If this is so, the money
incurred to subsidise BL was much more cost effective, well under pounds 5,000
per job.

Farm support costs are stratospheric. The free market Institute of Economic
Affairs recently published a study by Richard Howarth which uses conservative
assumptions to calculate the subsidies, yet implies that in the early 1980s
every farmer was costing the British consumer/taxpayer nearly pounds 20,000 a
year. If the subsidy costs are allocated across both farmers and farm workers
the cost is over pounds 8,500 for each of the 600,000 people in the industry.

In 1980 the total cost of agricultural support was pounds 5 billion. One third
of this came directly from the Exchequer and the remainder was because the
variable levy and intervention buying system of the CAP artificially raises home
food prices. British farming only got a little over pounds 2 billion of the
total subsidy cost of pounds 5 billion. Mr Howarth shows that the other near
pounds 3 billion part of the subsidy 'went into the pockets of European farmers,
to storage agencies, to subsidise surplus disposals or was otherwise swallowed
up by the CAP.'

It really is hard to imagine that the welfare of British citizens is raised by
making our consumers pay over vast sums of money to inefficient and efficient
European farmers, multinational car producers and owners of clothing sweatshops
in Hong Kong, Korea and Taiwan.

What is the rationale for providing such assistance? There are at least three
possibilities. The balance of payments might be helped, the support might be
thought fair, or the support boosts employment.

We should certainly worry about the balance of payments, where a potential
deficit can operate as a constraint on domestic expansion. But in at least two
cases - farming and cars - it seems likely that the losses on the balance of
payments through paying higher prices for imports outweigh the gains through
restricting the quantity. Other people, including the Government, who argue that
the balance of payments is of no concern in a regime of floating exchange rates
might be expected to question even more seriously the arguments for such
subsidies.

The distribution argument can also be questioned. For example, the MFA has
resulted in greater relative price increases for lower quality clothing and
textiles, which are bought mainly by people with low incomes.

The farm support system is doubly regressive. It taxes poorer households
proportionately more than richer ones, and the money is used to give bigger
handouts to richer farmers than poorer ones.

In their major study of farm incomes, John Bowers and Paul Cheshire recently
concluded that our farm subsidies are 'quite literally producing millionaires
from the public purse.'

This leaves the employment argument. Presumably employment is higher in the
supported industries than it otherwise would be - in most cases that is the
purpose of the subsidy, and it may be quite sensible. For example, some
loss-making pits where there are no alternative job opportunities might not be
uneconomic when the labour is valued properly.

If the concealed subsidies paid by consumers to sectors like textiles, cars and
farming were stopped, the increase in consumers purchasing power would be treble
the loss in incomes experienced in those sectors, because so much of the subsidy
costs currently end up in foreigners pockets. It seems quite possible that
axeing such subsidies would increase aggregate employment.

The open Exchequer subsidy is more difficult: it all depends what the money is
spent on. Income tax cuts are not a cost effective way of generating jobs. We
would, for example, end up with less total employment if money used to support
loss-making pits was used instead for tax cuts. But if some of the existing
Exchequer subsidies were used for public spending total employment would
probably rise. Current public spending on nursery school teachers, nurses, staff
for old people's homes, the Community Programme and the Youth Training Scheme is
a cost-effective way of getting more employment.

Even if the Government is not prepared to relax its fiscal and monetary policy,
it is still within its power to increase the total number of jobs by putting a
spotlight on all the concealed and open subsidies that presently substitute for
a proper industrial policy.

References: Brian Hindley. Why a pounds 9,000 car in Britain costs pounds 6,000
in Belgium, The World Economy, September 1982; Richard Howarth, Farming for
Farmers? IEA 1985; Aubrey Siberston. The Multi-Fibre Arrangement and the UK
Economy, HMSO 1984.

David Metcalf is Professor of Economics, Kent University.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

We don't want to pay for porn; Society supports efforts to close a loophole that
allows taxpayers' money to fund obscene movies -- despite nonsensical cries of
censorship

BYLINE: Charles McVety, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 905  words


Opponents of subsidies for pornography face the same arguments given generations
ago by defenders of government assistance for tobacco production.

If you opposed tobacco subsidies, you were against farmers, against agriculture,
and probably against any government assistance to weak sectors of the economy.

If you opposed tobacco subsidies then, you must have been religiously motivated
(read "irrational," "unscientific," "medieval") at best.

You were a closet killjoy at worst. After all, for many Canadians smoking three
packs a day was the main pleasure and recreation that they could enjoy, insisted
the subsidy defenders. If tobacco subsidies were stopped, where would it all
end?

The domino theory that an end to tobacco subsidies would mean an end to joy and
happiness is now being borrowed by the defenders of subsidies that could be used
to create pornography. If we end subsidies for porn today, we will end subsidies
for culture tomorrow, and perhaps bring an end to joy and happiness the day
after.

These critics will ultimately lose for the same reason that the defenders of
tobacco subsidies ultimately lost. Society got tired of paying the costs of
subsidizing a habit that risked harm to human health, family cohesion, and even
family survivability if the breadwinner(s) were smokers. Society got tired of
paying to cause a problem and then paying a second time in a sometimes vain
attempt to fix it. Not all lung cancer was curable.

As in the case of tobacco, defenders of porn subsidies use a kind of attempted
character assassination in saying that only the religiously minded are against
it. One doesn't have to be religious to recognize inanity. A COMPAS poll
released this week shows that three-quarters of Canadians oppose subsidies for
porn films. They can't all be religious and they can't all be Christian. In
fairness, it is possible that a high proportion of Sikhs, Muslims, Jews and
people of no faith oppose such subsidies.

According to the poll, in practice, opposition to such subsidies is especially
strong among women, 30 per cent of whom would ban porn films outright.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians oppose the idea of subsidizing
pornography because they intuitively understand the wastefulness of spending
taxpayers' money in this way instead of on health care, caring for the poor, or
in other productive ways. They understand that pornography has become especially
destructive of human, sexual, and family happiness in the Internet era.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians do not want to see the precious resources
that support the arts and culture industry of Canada diverted to a handful of
films that feature an abundance of gratuitous sex and/or violence, including a
few that I would describe as pornographic.

Since the inception of the film and television subsidy program, the Tax Credit
Guidelines have deemed pornographic films not to be an "eligible genre" of
production. Once a film is given a certificate of approval for production,
however, the government currently has no avenue to enforce this or any other
regulation after the film is completed.

Canada's auditor general, Sheila Fraser, cites this process as one of the least
accountable expenditures of government funds and recommends changes. In her
audit of 2005, Ms. Fraser stated that the government cannot even be assured that
it is funding real expenses.

Like the vast majority of Canadians, I believe unequivocally in free speech and
freedom of expression, not censorship. The apparently offending clause in Bill
C-10 only creates the requirement of "the Minister of Canadian Heritage
certifying that the production is a Canadian film or video production in respect
of which the Minister is satisfied that ... (b) public financial support of the
production would not be contrary to public policy." No reasonable person would
suggest that the government should fund films that do not meet the standards the
producers undertook to receive a certificate of approval. This same clause has
existed for years in four provinces and no one has ever called it censorship
until now, and productions have increased.

An overwhelming majority of Canadians agree with the unanimous vote of the House
of Commons that this clause is necessary to ensure that taxpayer funds do not go
to pay for the production of pornographic films.

Almost every week I hear of the hardship of my friend's family with their
autistic daughter. Each day the mother has to put on a football helmet and
shoulder pads to go in the room to care for her 18-year-old daughter. Their
family budget has been decimated yet the government cannot find one dollar to
assist them or help the many thousands of families dealing with autistic
children.

Like any other beneficiary of taxpayer support, the film and television industry
should be grateful for the $22 billion it has received for 12,000 productions
over the past 12 years. Surely taxpayers can expect that producers should be
willing to maintain the commitment they make when applying for a tax credit
certificate.

Instead the free speech of 75 per cent of Canadians is oppressed as we are
vilified, accusations of censorship are levelled, and yet no one can give a good
reason to allow tax dollars to fund pornography, or to fund films focusing on
sex with corpses, or others with memorable names such as Young People F---king
and The Masturbators.

Charles McVety is president of the Canada Family Action Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Peter J. Thompson, National Post; Christian leader Charles McVety writes
that there's currently no way to ensure federal tax money doesn't go to pay for
pornographic films. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

KP, Sindh refuse to contribute to fertilizer subsidy scheme

BYLINE: FAZAL SHER

SECTION: Vol. 53 No. 27

LENGTH: 485  words


Provincial governments of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Sindh have refused to
contribute to the continuation of fertilizer subsidy for the remaining six
months of the current fiscal year and only Punjab has agreed to contribute its
share to the subsidy scheme. Sources in the Ministry of National Food Security
and Research (MNFS and R) told Business Recorder on Wednesday that the
representatives of provincial governments of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Sindh have
refused to contribute their shares for subsidy scheme at a meeting called after
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif''s recent directives for continuation of provision
of subsidy on fertilisers.

They said that the representative of government of Balochistan did not attend
the meeting and only the government of Punjab agreed to contribute its share for
the subsidy scheme.

Secretary MNFS and R Muhammad Abid Javed, when contacted, confirmed the meeting
but he refused to share details of the meeting.

The sources said that Rs 27.96 billion were allocated in budget for financial
year 2016-17 for the subsidy to be equally shared by the federal and provincial
governments. The subsidy included Rs 17.16 billion for urea and Rs 10.8 billion
for DAP.

However, government withdrew subsidy scheme on fertilizer on January 9 on the
grounds that the amount which had been allocated in the budget for fertilizer
subsidy had been consumed.

Following, huge political pressure Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on January 13
ordered continuation of provision of subsidy on fertilisers for the benefit of
farmers. The government had announced cash subsidy of Rs 300 per bag for DAP and
Rs 156 per bag for urea fertilizer in the budget 2016-17. Annual offtake of urea
was estimated at around 110 million bags and the subsidy amount was calculated
at Rs 17.160 billion at the ratio of 50:50 between federal and concerned
provincial government.

The annual offtake of DAP was estimated at around 36 million bags and the
subsidy amount was calculated at Rs 10.08 billion with 50 per cent provincial
share, the NFS and R document revealed.

Following the announcement of subsidy, the price of urea had gone down from Rs
1,790 to Rs 1,400 per bag. The market dynamics further reduced per bag price and
producers are selling urea bag as low as Rs 1,200-1,300 and same trend was
witnessed in DAP and other fertilisers.

Out of a total of Rs 27.96 billion, the due share of federal government was Rs
13.98 billion, Punjab, Rs 10.20 billion, Sindh, Rs 2.65 billion, Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, Rs 0.70 billion, and Balochistan, Rs 0.42 billion. The provincial
governments of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa have been unable to generate
estimated budget surplus and only Balochistan and Sindh governments generated
some budget surplus during the fist six months. The provincial governments''
expenditures would increase further on account of providing subsidy on
fertilisers in the remaining period of the fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Grappling with fuel reforms

BYLINE: Keoni Indrabayu Marzuki

SECTION: Comment; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1091 words


SUBSIDY HURDLE: Jokowi must overcome policy issues left over from previous govt,
writes Keoni Indrabayu Marzuki

DESPITE having won the president and vice-president's posts, respectively, Joko
Widodo and Jusuf Kalla will possess little control, if at all, on the
formulation of the next state budget for the 2015/2016 fiscal year. One issue
that concerns the new administration is the large portion of funds for energy
subsidies, particularly fuel subsidies.

To ensure his administration will have more fiscal space to fund new government
projects and minimise the budget deficit, president-elect Jokowi, as he is
usually called, has proposed to outgoing President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to
increase the price of subsidised fuel as his final policy gesture before
stepping down. Susilo turned down the request on the grounds that increasing the
price of subsidised fuel would aggravate the economic burden of the people.

The amendment to the fuel subsidy budget would be an important step towards fuel
subsidy reform. The government has allocated 300 trillion rupiah (about RM81.8
billion) on energy subsidies this year. Around 80 per cent of the energy subsidy
fund, or about 250 trillion rupiah, has been spent on fuel subsidies alone. In
the proposed 2015/2016 Budget, Susilo has allocated 290 trillion rupiah for fuel
subsidies. The new budget also portends a relatively larger deficit ratio of
2.32 per cent to gross domestic product. Finance Minister Chatib Basri has
estimated that by increasing the price of fuel and, thereby, reducing subsidies,
the government could reduce the deficit ratio to 1.32 per cent.

External influence, such as the cessation of quantitative easing by the United
States Federal Reserve, may negatively affect the rupiah in coming months. The
weakening of the currency would mean that the new administration would have to
spend more to procure oil from the international market. Consequently, fuel
subsidies would impose a severe burden on the budget.

The persistence of the annual fuel subsidy policy is a predicament for the
government. There has been strong advocacy to reform the fuel subsidy scheme to
eliminate or alleviate its negative consequences on the budget. There are other
pressing concerns as well.

First and foremost, fuel subsidies are ineffective. It was initially intended to
grant access of affordable energy supplies to the poor. However, as the economy
progressed, fuel subsidies benefited the middle and upper classes instead. The
Energy and Mineral Resources Ministry has estimated that around 70 per cent of
subsidised fuel is consumed by the middle and upper classes.

Fuel subsidy also impairs the country of much-needed infrastructure development.
As fuel subsidies take about 20 per cent of the state budget, it constrains the
remaining fiscal allocation for infrastructure development. Consequently,
Indonesia suffers from basic infrastructure deficiencies in numerous public
sectors, namely clean water, sanitation, health, public transport,
communication, education and electricity, despite the booming economic growth in
recent years.

Ultimately, fuel subsidies undermine Indonesia's energy security by encouraging
extravagant demand as fuel price is relatively low. With Indonesia's oil
production output stagnating, the government will have to import more oil.
Dependence on foreign sources renders Indonesia's energy security vulnerable to
supply disruptions and rapid price fluctuations.

In addition, heavily subsidised fuel consumption undermines Indonesia's efforts
to diversify its energy intake, as demand for cheaper fuel will undermine demand
for other forms of available energy. Furthermore, excessive consumption leads to
a supply crisis, as it propels fuel consumption far beyond the allotted quota.

The path to reallocate fuel subsidy funds is arduous and faces many impediments,
especially politically. Firstly, Jokowi will have to convince the opposition to
pass the proposed revision to the budget, which had been approved by Parliament
last month. The government coalition will have to secure an additional 20 per
cent of parliamentary votes to acquire a simple majority. Golkar and the
Democrat Party (PD) would be ideal allies. However, political development in
Golkar and the Indonesian Democratic Party - Struggle's (PDIP) rivalry with PD
may have closed the opportunity in the short term.

The infancy of the new administration will be a challenge. Considering that the
Jokowi administration will only be in its initial months in power, putting
forward such a bold programme so early may invite a severe public backlash. This
would be directed at PDIP, as it has always rejected Susilo's policy to increase
the price of fuel subsidies. Such a flip-flop will weaken PDIP's popularity in
the future. Ultimately, time is not on Jokowi's side. The primary concern is how
to cushion the poor and needy from the negative implications of expected price
hikes. The new administration will have to introduce temporary economic measures
to minimise such impacts. Finding a solution in a tight deadline may lead the
administration to a blind spot.

Historically, no president has ever planned to increase the price of subsidised
fuel so early after inauguration. There are a series of steps to enact fuel
subsidy reform, but considering the challenges Jokowi faces, it is of utmost
importance to develop a plan to cushion the poor and needy from adverse economic
effects.

Similarly, direct cash assistance schemes may be a viable short-term option in
favour of the poor and needy. Taking its cue from the Susilo administration,
even though the scheme may be precise, such a policy lacks the ability to tackle
the fundamental problem of economic empowerment, as the poor and needy will face
the same economic hardship after the programme ends.

The solution is to redirect the fuel subsidy fund to infrastructure development
to encourage job creation, thus, increasing the purchasing power of the poor.
Unfortunately, such a programme would take too long to materialise. The new
administration will have to find a balance between short-and long-term measures
to alleviate potential negative consequences. Most importantly, the public needs
to be assured that the fuel price hike does not mean that fuel subsidy funds are
being reduced, but rather, reallocated to other sectors essential to the
people's social welfare.

Keoni Indrabayu Marzuki is a research associate of the Indonesia Programme at
the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies, Nanyang Technological
University

( END )

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                               September 25, 1998

Hand-outs that can damage the world; Books

BYLINE: DAVID PEARCE

LENGTH: 824 words


PERVERSE SUBSIDIES: Tax Dollars s Undercutting our Economies and Environments
Alike. By Norman Myers and Jennifer Kent. International Institute for
Sustainable Development. 230pp, Pounds 12.95. ISBN 1 895536 09 X

For more than a decade now, environmental economists have drawn attention to a
major cause of environmental degradation - subsidies. A subsidy can take many
forms, but its most common manifestation appears as direct cash transfers from
government to industry. Those transfers may be aimed at reducing costs of
production or at making up the difference between the price secured in the
market and some notion of a 'guaranteed' price. The former are commonplace in
the energy sector, the latter in the agricultural sector. The prima facie case
for supposing that subsidies harm the environment is that, by reducing costs, or
providing money for output that no one really wants, they encourage wasteful use
of materials and energy, or simply encourage overproduction which in itself uses
up materials and energy.

In practice, subsidies are immensely complex. Many are unquestionably damaging.
An example might be the practice in major tropically forested countries of
providing cash incentives for clearing forest land for agriculture or livestock.
Subsidies to irrigation water encourage over-use of water and hence waterlogging
and soil salinisation. But a subsidy to burning kerosene, say, may be
environmentally beneficial because it reduces demand for fuel-wood and hence
deforestation.

Deciding what is and what is not environmentally benign is hazardous. On
balance, however, the consensus among economists is that the bulk of subsidies
in the world - the perverse subsidies - harm the environment.

Norman Myers and Jennifer Kent have tried to put together what we know about
subsidies. They go beyond the normal definition of subsidies to include
'environmental externalities' - the money value of the damage done to the
environment for which no compensation is paid. While the intention is sound,
inclusion of externalities muddies the water considerably. Is the relevant
external cost the damage associated with the subsidy only or the damage
associated with the subsidy and the failure to price the resource correctly in
the first place? Glossing over such issues reveals the authors' limited
theoretical underpinnings to the numbers they quote.

They also fail to observe that measuring subsidies requires a benchmark and the
benchmark they opt for is cost of production. But economists also discuss the
benchmark of world prices: the price that could be obtained if a given product
or resource was sold internationally. Suppose that fuel oil sells for Pounds 200
a tonne in a country but, if exported, it could secure Pounds 300 a tonne. The
domestic market is effectively being subsidised at Pounds 100 per tonne. World
prices at least provide a consistent benchmark. Unfortunately, the numbers
quoted in this volume are mixtures of estimates based on very different
benchmarks. Adding them up is therefore a doubtful exercise. Adding them up and
classifying some as perverse and others as not perverse is even more doubtful.
Further adding a mix of carefully estimated and downright eccentric estimates of
'external costs' makes the whole thing unscientific.

But the message in this book is, of course, correct. From a policy standpoint,
the very first thing to do in environmental policy is to pay attention to
subsidies. Economists have been saying this for some time, and organisations
such as the World Bank in Washington and Organisation for Economic Cooperation
and Development in Paris have produced by far the most robust work in this area
and subsidy reform is a central plank of their policy agenda. Myers and Kent are
also right to draw attention to the subtle nature of many subsidies. Selling a
concession to log a forest has a subsidy element if the relevant government
fails to tax the profits at the highest rate it can, for example. Other
subsidies have their origins in strange historical events. Aviation kerosene,
for example, is not taxed because of an international agreement to that effect.
Yet it is an incentive to under price air travel, thus increasing air pollution
and noise nuisance.

The Myers-Kent volume is a brave attempt to put some order into the many papers
on subsidies and we should be grateful for that. Sadly, it treats all of the
literature as being of equal value and wiser counsel should have been obtained
here. While cautioning the reader about deficiencies in the data, it nonetheless
makes unsupported claims on the basis of that literature. Above all, some
clearer theoretical underpinnings are required. None of this diminishes the
importance of repeating a well-known message: if you want to start saving the
environment, stop financing its destruction.

David Pearce is professor of environmental economics, University College London.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 1998 TSL Education Limited


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 16, 1996, Friday

GOP DELEGATES: SINK SUBSIDIES SOME ARE CONVINCED CLINTON'S BEHIND IT ALL

BYLINE: JOHN MAGGS; & WILLIAM ROBERTS

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 617 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO


While delegates at the Republican convention had little knowledge of the facts
or reasoning behind federal subsidies for U.S. crews on commercial ships, they
strongly opposed this use of tax dollars when given the details.

Even though some leaders of the party, like Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott of
Mississippi, are now leading a fight to extend those operating subsidies, the
party faithful here to nominate Bob Dole for president grouped maritime
subsidies into the category of ''corporate welfare'' that was attacked in a
floor speech by Colin Powell, the former head of the joint chiefs of staff.

In fact, military veterans like Gen. Powell seemed unswayed by the arguments
that the subsidies are vital to guarantee a healthy shipping industry for
emergency use in wartime.

''I don't think you can have a healthy industry with subsidies,'' said Jack
London, an Army veteran who is serving as a delegate for the Arizona delegation.
''I think (subsidies) make it unhealthy.''

Neil Tigert, a Florida delegate, said he knew that his state depended on the
shipping business. Even so, ''I am opposed ideologically to giving businesses
subsidies, and I don't think this would be any exception. You don't help a
company by protecting them from competition. And it's always the consumer that
is forgotten'' when the government subsidizes private enterprise.

BLAMES CLINTON

Like most delegates, Sharon Runner of California was surprised when told that
the government was subsidizing the cost of maintaining American crews on
American-owned ships, and seemed convinced that it was the product of
''wasteful, liberal'' policies of the Clinton administration.

''I had no idea that was going on, but I'll bet it has something to do with the
unions. My cousin is in the merchant marine, and he's a big person in the
maritime union. You know that Clinton is in bed with the unions, so that's
probably the reason.''

Michigan Gov. John Engler - once mentioned as a running mate for Mr. Dole and
still a likely cabinet appointee in the Dole administration - said he was
unaware of the debate in Washington over ship operating subsidies, and said that
they were happily not needed in his state.

REPUBLICANS UNCOMFORTABLE

''We have a very important shipping industry on the Great Lakes, and they do not
get subsidies and do not need them.'' He added that he thought a Dole
administration would ''probably be opposed to that sort of thing'' and that most
Republicans ''are very uncomfortable with government using the taxpayer's
money'' for subsidies. The issue of corporate subsidies was elevated in the
convention by retired General Colin Powell who had called for eliminating
corporate welfare and ''welfare for the wealthy'' before trimming back
government benefits for the poor and aged. Maritime subsidies have come under
fire - albeit limited so far - from Republicans on Capitol Hill. Budget
Committee Chairman Rep. John Kasich held hearings on the subject of federal
handouts to business earlier this year, including vessel operating subsidies
paid by the Maritime Administration and extra payments for shipment of
government cargo on U.S.-flag vessels.

UNIONS BLAMED

Washington, D.C.-based Common Cause has linked campaign contributions by wealthy
shipowners and seagoing unions to the continuance of the subsidies.

Mr. London, the delegate from Phoenix, said he is in the life insurance business
and ''we don't get subsidies and we don't want them.''

After being told the subsidies are needed to guarantee that there will be
American merchant seaman available in wartime, he chuckled and said, ''Everybody
that wants a handout has a story. I don't agree with them.''

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: US maritime assistance

                  Copyright 1996 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            October 4, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tories move to kill party subsidies; Government's bill to phase out
taxpayer-funded allotment by 2015-16

BYLINE: Mark Kennedy, Postmedia News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 964  words


The Conservative government will introduce legislation today to scrap direct
taxpayer subsidies for federal political parties over three years, Postmedia
News has learned.

The move will eventually save the federal treasury almost $30 million a year,
but could cause critical financial shortfalls for many of the parties -
particularly the opposition parties that have come to rely on the government
subsidies for a large portion of their annual funding.

Ultimately, it will mean all parties will have to become much more aggressive
and sophisticated in persuading Canadians to make donations.

The measure to kill public subsidies, which were first introduced by the
Chrétien government in 2003, will be contained in a bill that implements a
variety of initiatives from Finance Minister Jim Flaherty's June 6 budget.

Prime Minister Stephen Harper made the pledge to scrap the subsidies during the
spring election.

Now, the governing Conservatives are framing the action as necessary to bring
greater political integrity to the system and treat taxpayers' dollars with
greater care.

But opposition parties have said Harper's motives are actually partisan, and
that he is pressing ahead with the plan as part of a broader goal to financially
cripple the Conservative party's rivals.

Under the current system, any party that receives more than two per cent of the
vote in a general election receives a subsidy of roughly $2 per year for each
vote the party received. Last year, the public subsidies cost the federal
treasury $27 million.

Under the Tories' phase-out plan, the existing $2-per-vote subsidy will be
reduced to $1.50 per vote next year - reducing the annual cost to government to
$20.5 million. In 2013, the subsidy will drop to $1.00 per vote, reducing the
cost to $13.7 million. And in 2014, the per-vote subsidy will be 50 cents,
costing $6.8 million. By 2015-16, the subsidy will disappear.

In absolute terms, killing the public subsidies will hurt the Tories the most.
But relative to total funds raised, the Conservatives will have the least to
lose.

Last year, the Conservatives received $10.4 million in subsidies and raised
$17.4 million on their own. The Liberals received $7.2 million in subsidies and
raised $6.4 million themselves.

The NDP received $5 million in subsidies and raised $4.3 million themselves. The
Bloc Québécois received $2.7 million in subsidies and raised $641,612. And the
Green party received $1.8 million in subsidies and raised $1.2 million.

Harper first revealed in an interview in January with Postmedia News that he
would end this system if re-elected with a majority government.

He said there are already "considerable incentives" for parties, since people
who donate to them can get tax receipts. There are also rebates for the parties
for campaign expenses. The Tories do not propose to end these.

"Our view is that there is a role for some public finance," said Harper, "but it
has got to be tied to a party's own efforts, or to the willingness of voters to
actually contribute this money. And that's not the case here."

Shortly after winning the 2008 election, the Tories proposed to end the
subsidies, but that sparked anger from the opposition parties and they rallied
to form a coalition that nearly defeated Harper's government.

But on the campaign trail earlier this year, Harper said he'd move ahead with
the plan over three years if he won a majority.

Again, he complained that the system funnels taxpayers' money to political
parties they don't necessarily support, and allows parties to operate in
perpetual campaign mode.

"We think money should come from voters. Not from corporations, not from unions
and not from government," said Harper.

The subsidies were introduced by Jean Chrétien as part of legislation designed
to clean up the system by banning corporate donations to political parties,
making them less susceptible to influence.

During the spring election, then-Liberal leader Michael Ignatieff defended the
current system, saying it creates a "level playing field" for the parties and
"limits the influence of big money in politics."

Then-NDP leader Jack Layton also blasted the government's plan to end subsidies,
saying it is bad for democracy.

Layton proposed a "mixed" system in which parties rely on both direct
contributions from supporters and a "certain amount of support" from the
government.

"This of course opens the door then for big money to come back into politics,
where private fundraising will become the engine of the political system,"
Layton said of Harper's plan.

After the election, the opposition parties admitted they could not stop Harper
and are now intent on bolstering their own fundraising machines.

In their June budget, the governing Tories said they are committed to
"strengthening integrity and accountability in government and political
activity."

"Governments have a duty to use Canadians' tax dollars with great care, and only
in the public interest - especially in a time of fiscal restraint, when families
are struggling to make ends meet," said the budget.

mkennedy@postmedia.com Twitter.com/@Mark_Kennedy_

$27M *

How much public subsidies cost taxpayers last year.

$10.4M

How much the Conservatives received. They raised 17.4 million on their own.

$7.2M

How much the Liberals received, in addition to the $6.4 million they raised.

$5M

The NDP's portion; they also raised $4.3 million.

$2.7M

The Bloc Québécois' entitlement from the fund; they raised $641,612

$1.8M

What the Green Party received from the federal government to add to the $1.2
million they raised.

* Note: Numbers have been rounded

The phase-out plan

The Conservatives' plan would change the current system of $2 per vote, per year
to:

? ? 2013 - $1, reducing subsidy to $13.7 million

? ? 2014 - 50 cents, reducing subsidy to $6.8 million

? ?2015-16 - $0

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       March 4, 2005 Friday Home Edition

U.S. payments to cotton farmers declared illegal

BYLINE: DAN CHAPMAN

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A;

LENGTH: 1017 words


The World Trade Organization ruled Thursday that billions of dollars in
government subsidies given annually to American cotton farmers are illegal and
must end, or the United States could face huge fines and retaliatory actions.

The decision, which was no surprise to the nation's 25,000 cotton farmers, was
the first to target domestic agricultural aid. The WTO faulted the United States
for overshooting a cap on cotton payments that it agreed to in 1994.

Brazil, the world's No. 5 cotton grower, brought the case against the United
States, claiming that illegal subsidies had cost Brazil hundreds of millions of
dollars in lost exports. Brazil is now threatening to bring a complaint over
payments to U.S. soybean farmers.

The ruling Thursday reverberated across South Georgia and the nation's cotton
belt, stretching from the Carolinas to California. Coupled with President Bush's
call to slash all agricultural subsidies by 5 percent, cotton growers find
themselves in the cross-hairs of both Washington and Geneva, home of the WTO.

"We don't think they're illegal, but this could be a long appeal process," said
Louie Perry of Moultrie, a farmer who will plant 1,300 acres of cotton in May.
"We could give up like the steel industry and some other industries who didn't
do anything about it. [But ] folks have got to understand that if they want
American agriculture to survive, we've got to be on a level playing field with
other countries."

Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a
lawyer who has represented cotton farmers, has vowed to defend the subsidies.
His response to Thursday's ruling, however, was cautiously worded.

"While we are disappointed by the result, we will carefully review the decision
in the days to come," Chambliss said in a prepared statement. "Nothing in the
ruling requires immediate action. Although we still believe the cotton program
and the Farm Bill conform to our World Trade Organization commitments, I will
work closely with my colleagues in the Congress and within the administration to
engage the issues raised."

Although the ruling singles out U.S. cotton growers, who received $2.7 billion
in government subsidies in 2003, it sends a warning that all subsidies --- for
corn, wheat, rice and other crops in addition to soybeans and cotton --- might
next be targeted. From 1995 to 2003, according to the Environmental Working
Group, a nonprofit organization that serves as a watchdog on agricultural
subsidies, U.S. farmers received $131 billion in subsidies.

"This opens up other commodities. Other countries will now look more carefully
at other cases to bring against the U.S.," said Gawain Kripke, senior policy
adviser in Washington for Oxfam, an international anti-poverty group that
contends that wealthy nations' agricultural subsidies undercut Third World
farmers.

"The U.S. has to decide whether to defend a rotten farm bill against Brazil and
all comers or whether we'll try to reform our farm program so that it doesn't
distort trade and does help developing countries," Kripke said.

Subsidies were established by the federal government during the Depression to
bolster small, struggling farms. Farmers today can tap a slew of subsidies that,
among other things, protect them from low prices, help them export their crops
and encourage mills and brokers to buy domestic farm products. Critics such as
Oxfam call the subsidies corporate welfare and point out that the top 10 percent
of U.S. cotton farmers reap 80 percent of all subsidies.

The WTO determined that the subsidies encourage U.S. farmers to overproduce and,
with a dwindling domestic market for cotton, export as much as possible. The
overabundance depresses market prices and slashes much-needed export revenue for
developing countries, critics charge. The United States controls 40 percent of
the global cotton market.

The WTO singled out so-called Step 2 payments, subsidies given to textile mills
and cotton brokers to help defray the cost of U.S. cotton. Those subsidies
exceeded $2.1 billion from 1995 to 2003, the Environmental Working Group
reports.

Brazil estimated that without subsidies, U.S. cotton production would decrease
by nearly one-third and world cotton prices, which have been falling, would rise
13 percent. The WTO, in essence, concurred.

"This is a victory for developing countries," Kripke declared. "It's one of the
first cases where a developing country took a rich country to court and won. We
hope it moves trade negotiators to reform current trade rules."

Perry, who is chairman of the Georgia Cotton Commission, insists that subsidies
are not directly linked to production levels and therefore don't distort trade.
With market prices well below production costs, growers say, subsidies help them
compete on the world market.

Don Johnson, a former congressman from Georgia and ambassador in the U.S. Trade
Representative Office during the Clinton administration, said cotton growers
need not switch to peanuts just yet.

"In most cases, we string out [WTO rulings] for a very long time, because
political pressures are such that we don't usually comply with those rulings
promptly," said Johnson, who now heads the Dean Rusk Center for International
and Comparative Law at the University of Georgia. "The Brazilians may not get
the fix immediately, but they can start applying penalties. In any case, this is
happening at the same time as Bush's proposal to cut subsidies."

The administration's budget calls for trimming farm spending by $5.7 billion
over 10 years. Bush also wants to cap at $250,000 the subsidies each farmer may
receive. The current cap is $360,000, but loopholes allow many farmers to
receive significantly more.

Cotton could suffer the brunt of Bush's proposed cuts.

"That's what got us a little buffaloed," Perry said. "If Bush hadn't carried the
ag states, he would not be president. I've seen folks in South Georgia taking
Bush stickers off their pickup trucks."

--- Bloomberg News contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cotton grower Louie Perry of Moultrie says U.S. farmers, faced with
global competition, won't "give up like the steel industry." /TODD STONE /
Associated Press WORLD COTTON Top cotton producers - 2004 (bales)
China...............29 million United States.......23 million
India...............16 million Pakistan............11.5 million
Brazil...............5.85 million Uzbekistan...........5 million
Turkey...............4.25 million Australia............2.6 million
Greece...............1.8 million Syria................1.5 million Top cotton
exporters -2004 (bales) United States.........13 million
Uzbekistan.............3.4 million Brazil.................2 million
Australia..............1.75 million Mali...................1 million
Greece...................950,000 Burkina..................950,000
India....................800,000 Syria....................675,000
Pakistan.................600,000 Tajikistan...................625 Sources:
Foreign Agricultural Service, official USDA Estimates for February 2005 /
ELIZABETH LANDT / Staff

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Analysis is sound

BYLINE: Peter Wooders, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 464  words


I wish to correct a few points raised regarding a recent report by the
International Institute for Sustainable Development's Global Subsidies
Initiative on the subject of subsidies to the oil industry in Canada.

The issue of subsidies to the fossil fuel sector has been part of a larger
international debate over the last few years.

G8/G20 finance ministers and leaders have agreed these subsidies should be
addressed from a comparable fact base. IISD has produced a wide range of country
reports on subsidies to contribute to this important international conversation.

IISD's analysis includes a detailed study of the Canadian situation, identifying
oil production subsidies in Alberta, Saskatchewan and Newfoundland and Labrador.

The report, "Fossil Fuels -- At What Cost? Government support for upstream oil
activities in three Canadian provinces," features the most detailed analysis
ever undertaken in Canada on subsidies to the oil industry. It identifies
subsidies valued at $2.84 billion for the year ended 2008.

There is a polarized debate over whether Canada's oil industry is subsidized.

There are those who intuitively believe the oil industry is heavily subsidized
and others who believe there are no subsidies, only necessary incentives to push
development.

IISD's comprehensive report on Canada, contrary to Shipton's assertion, wasn't
commissioned by Greenpeace and aims to provide an information base to move
beyond that debate to the more appropriate evaluation of these policies.

Specifically, how do the extra revenues governments gain from their subsidy
policies compare with the costs? What are the environmental implications of
these policies? How much employment do they generate?

It isn't sufficient to claim, that because the oil industry pays more in
royalties and taxes than it receives, this represents a good deal for the
public.

While Shipton questions the validity of our report's definition of subsidy, it
is based on the World Trade Organization's internationally accepted definition.

The study only identifies subsidies in cases where oil producers receive a
financial benefit that isn't available to other sectors of the economy. Contrary
to a point raised by Shipton, IISD didn't consider natural gas writeoffs as a
subsidy.

The report forecasts the cost of subsidies to governments would double by 2020.
With or without subsidies, Canada's oil production is forecasted to more than
double between now and 2020.

Shipton's commentary argues the oil and gas industry is too important to be left
to rhetoric and we agree completely. IISD trusts our analysis on this important
issue will contribute to the ongoing discussions about a balanced, national
energy strategy for Canada.

Peter Wooders, senior economist, International Institute for Sustainable
Development

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Subsidy of LPG consumers not linked with bank a/cs to be blocked

SECTION: NASHIK

LENGTH: 484 words


NASHIK: As the cut-off date of March 31 for linking the consumers' LPG accounts
with their bank accounts under the direct benefit transfer of LPG (DBTL)
approaches, the district administration has said that the subsidy on the LPG
connections which are not linked with the bank accounts, will be blocked.

"All accounts which are not cash transfer compliant (CTC) will not get subsidy
after April 1 and these consumers will have to buy cylinders at market rate.
Their subsidy will be blocked and retained by the companies till June, after
which it will be permanently cancelled," said Dnyaneshwar Jawanjal, district
supply officer.

The Aadhaar number will ensure the transfer of subsidy in more transparent
manner.

More than 80% of LPG consumers have linked their connections with their bank
accounts and their subsidy has started. "Once a consumer registers himself for
subsidy on the LPG cylinder, the subsidy will be transferred to his account at
the time of booking the cylinder. The process will be valid only for the first
12 domestic use cylinders in a financial year," Jawanjal said.

On the people who miss the deadline, the officer said the registration for
subsidy through the LPG distributors is a continuous process. "But the current
consumers who do not register by March 31 will not get the subsidy and they will
have to buy the cylinder at market rates only. But, if they register themselves
for CTC, by June 30, the total subsidy that they were eligible for the cylinders
they might have bought at market rate post March 31 will be transferred to their
bank accounts," the officer said. However, if the consumer links his LPG account
with his bank account after June 31, the subsidy for the three months will be
lost forever, he added.

"If the consumer fails to link his LPG connection and Aadhaar card before June
30, the petroleum company will return the subsidy to the government and any
updating after June 30 will be treated as fresh application and registration.
The consumers can register with the system at any point of time and the subsidy
will start after that period," the officer said.

As of now 8,36,242 of the total 10,32,994 consumers in the district have been
registered for the DBTL. Out of these, only 4.7 lakh have given their Aadhaar
numbers for the subsidy link process, while 3.65 lakh have given only their bank
account numbers.

Of the remaining 1.96 lakh consumers, the administration expects around 70,000
to file in their papers for the process.

"It is expected that around 3% to 5% of the city population are transferred,
while another 3% are believed to have double connections. Another 3% may have
died in the span of the past 10 years and their heirs may already have got
connections in their names following which these connections will not be valid
anymore. So, we believe the total count of live connections may be around 9.1
lakh.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

How N422 Billion Was Lost to Fuel Subsidy Fraud

BYLINE: Chika Amanze-Nwachuku and Ejiofor Alike

LENGTH: 822 words


The Federal Government committee set up to verify 2011 fuel subsidy payments to
oil marketers and importers has uncovered 17 infringements committed by the
companies, which have cost the nation N422,542,937,668.59 in over-payments,
THISDAY has learnt.

The committee, headed by the Managing Director/Chief Executive Officer of Access
Bank Plc, Mr. Aigboje Aig-Imoukhuede, with Sola David-Borha, Managing Director,
StanbicIBTC Plc as secretary, was set up by the Federal Ministry of Finance last
May to undertake a forensic audit and verify claims by oil marketers and the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, and the payments made to them by the
ministry.

The report, which was submitted on Tuesday to the presidency and finance
ministry, a copy of which was obtained by THISDAY reporters from sources in the
presidency last night, showed that there are 17 broad categories of
infringements used to defraud the Federal Government.

In fulfilling its assignment, the committee used a team of Central Bank of
Nigeria (CBN) examiners of the Banking Supervision and Trade Exchange
Department, experienced bank auditors selected by the Chairman, Committee of
Chief Inspectors of Banks and chief compliance officers of banks to review the
subsidy payments made to the oil marketers, and went on to recommend that the
N422 billion be refunded to the Federal Government and the companies
investigated "provided that the parties involved in the transaction are unable
to provide evidence contrary to the committee's findings."

The 17 infringements are: No evidence of sales proceeds in the banks -
N157,549,854,482.55, meaning that the marketers did not have evidence of sales
proceeds based on banks' available records at the date of verification;

Subsidy payments without the signatures of external auditors and independent
inspectors on shore tank certificates - N121,897,757,962.56;

Subsidy payments for which mother vessels were not found in locations claimed at
the time of transshipment - N21,361,071,313.24;

Subsidy payments for which there were no shipping documents or evidence of
payment for the products in foreign exchange - N20,463,525,859.79; and

$10 additional margin given to traders from November 2010 to 2011 with approval
of the Federal Government contrary to the Petroleum Support Fund (PSF)
guidelines.

Others include specially mentioned transactions with various infractions -
N15,944,918,661.23;

Use of 1 per cent as bank spread instead of the maximum 50 kobo approved by the
CBN in computation of foreign exchange rates used for subsidy payments -
N14,021,193,230.89;

Subsidy payments for which the mother vessels could not be traced -
N12,942,254,466.24;

Transactions disclaimed by banks - N12,154,918,932.18;

Subsidy payments without proof of existence of the mother vessel bill of lading
or daughter vessel bill of lading - N11,762,998,358.89; and

Subsidy payments for which mother vessels were no longer operational at the time
of transshipment - N8,138,502,416.70.

Also included in the report are infringements on subsidy payments for which
there was no copy of the bill of lading for ship-to-ship transfer -
N4,634,317,239.53;

Payment of subsidy claims with no mother vessel bill of lading in the file -
N1,938,927,804.98;

Subsidy payments for which mother vessels were located in the Far East (China)
and in the South Pacific when transshipment took place off the coast of Cotonou
- N1,713,787,473.21;

Differences between subsidies advised by PPPRA and subsequent verification by
external auditors - N747,534,804.00

N20 million re-engagement fees not charged for non-performance by marketers -
N200,000,000

Difference between the volume on the shore tank certificates and the volume used
for the subsidy payment - N33,383,300.79.

Following the widespread protests that followed the removal of subsidy on petrol
and its subsequent partial reinstatement last January, there were claims for a
thorough investigation of the subsidy regime. This prompted the Federal
Government to set up the committee of technocrats, apart from the National
Assembly's committee, which presidency sources said, "was unduly politicised and
plagued by high drama."

The Federal Government committee was made up of Aig-Imoukhuede (chairman);
Director General, Budget Office of the Federation, Dr. Bright Okogu; Dr.
Director General, Debt Management Office, Dr. Abraham Nwankwo; Accountant
General of the Federation, Mr. Jonah Otunla; and Executive Secretary, Petroleum
Products Pricing and Regulatory Agency (PPPRA), Mr. Reginald Stanley.

Other members included former Group Executive Director, Finance and Accounts,
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Mr. Michael Akorodare; Deputy
Director, CBN, Mrs. Onyinye Ahuchogu; Mrs. David-Borha; National Secretary,
Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria (IPMAN), Mr. Mike
Osatuyi; and Executive Secretary, Major Marketers Association of Nigeria
(MOMAN), Mr. Obafemi Olawore.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

BYLINE: NATASHA MARRIAN

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 568  words


Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

Deputy Political Editor

INTERNATIONAL studies proved that the youth wage subsidy would be & extremely
costly and wasteful, with massive deadweight losses& the Congress of South
African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said yesterday.

Cosatu has stalled the implementation of the youth wage subsidy by the Treasury,
arguing that it would & entrench slavery& The heated debate over the
implementation of the subsidy, aimed at creating jobs and transferring skills to
unemployed youth, led to a violent clash between Cosatu and the Democratic
Alliance (DA), which supports the policy, in the streets of Braamfontein last
month.

The subsidy is the subject of negotiation between organised business, labour and
the state at the National Economic Development and Labour Council.

Cosatu released its detailed response to the Treasury and the DA yesterday
outlining its vehement opposition to the subsidy.

It said proponents of the subsidy assumed incorrectly that wages were a major
constraint to job creation.

& In the first instance, the vast majority of young workers who fit the
characteristics of many of the unemployed do not enjoy the statutory minimum
wage. In other words,& it said, & the minimum wage is not a binding constraint
... there is no empirical basis to create a causal link between the extent of
coverage by collective bargaining agreements and youth unemployment.& Cosatu
said countries with high collective bargaining coverage did not necessarily have
high unemployment rates.

Rather, joblessness related to economic structure and the state's role in the
economy.

It argued also that the subsidy would bring about & substitution effects& where
companies were handed incentives to let go of incumbent workers to employ
subsidised ones. The subsidy also did not guarantee skills development and
training, and would entrench inequality in wages.

The document cited examples from other countries and criticised examples of the
effectiveness of the subsidy in countries such as Argentina, Colombia and
Turkey, as argued by the Treasury.

The DA's case for the subsidy hinges on its belief that it had the potential to
create 400000 jobs. The party has vowed to use & constitutional tools& to ensure
the implementation of the subsidy.

Cosatu president Sdumo Dlamini said the wage subsidy would be raised by Cosatu
at the African National Congress (ANC) policy conference, starting in Midrand
today.

It would ask the ANC to come up with more viable solutions to the youth
unemployment crisis.

& We know that is not the policy of the ANC (the youth wage subsidy). The ANC
has rejected the two-tier labour system, and the youth wage subsidy is exactly
that.

& So we think more strategic and more focused work needs to be dedicated so that
we can focus on skills development of our youth, skills training of our youth
and decent work for our youth. It's very critical,& he said.

At its last leadership meeting, Cosatu proposed that the country convene a &
high-level national conference on youth employment& before the end of June to
examine the & structural roots& of youth unemployment and strategies to turn the
situation around.

Mr Dlamini said the youth wage subsidy was an example of how the government &
runs directly opposite to the ANC direction& Cosatu has been critical of the
Treasury in particular for failing to implement ANC policies.

marriann@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

BYLINE: NATASHA MARRIAN

SECTION: PRINT:PAGE

LENGTH: 568  words


Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

Deputy Political Editor

INTERNATIONAL studies proved that the youth wage subsidy would be & extremely
costly and wasteful, with massive deadweight losses& the Congress of South
African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said yesterday.

Cosatu has stalled the implementation of the youth wage subsidy by the Treasury,
arguing that it would & entrench slavery& The heated debate over the
implementation of the subsidy, aimed at creating jobs and transferring skills to
unemployed youth, led to a violent clash between Cosatu and the Democratic
Alliance (DA), which supports the policy, in the streets of Braamfontein last
month.

The subsidy is the subject of negotiation between organised business, labour and
the state at the National Economic Development and Labour Council.

Cosatu released its detailed response to the Treasury and the DA yesterday
outlining its vehement opposition to the subsidy.

It said proponents of the subsidy assumed incorrectly that wages were a major
constraint to job creation.

& In the first instance, the vast majority of young workers who fit the
characteristics of many of the unemployed do not enjoy the statutory minimum
wage. In other words,& it said, & the minimum wage is not a binding constraint
... there is no empirical basis to create a causal link between the extent of
coverage by collective bargaining agreements and youth unemployment.& Cosatu
said countries with high collective bargaining coverage did not necessarily have
high unemployment rates.

Rather, joblessness related to economic structure and the state's role in the
economy.

It argued also that the subsidy would bring about & substitution effects& where
companies were handed incentives to let go of incumbent workers to employ
subsidised ones. The subsidy also did not guarantee skills development and
training, and would entrench inequality in wages.

The document cited examples from other countries and criticised examples of the
effectiveness of the subsidy in countries such as Argentina, Colombia and
Turkey, as argued by the Treasury.

The DA's case for the subsidy hinges on its belief that it had the potential to
create 400000 jobs. The party has vowed to use & constitutional tools& to ensure
the implementation of the subsidy.

Cosatu president Sdumo Dlamini said the wage subsidy would be raised by Cosatu
at the African National Congress (ANC) policy conference, starting in Midrand
today.

It would ask the ANC to come up with more viable solutions to the youth
unemployment crisis.

& We know that is not the policy of the ANC (the youth wage subsidy). The ANC
has rejected the two-tier labour system, and the youth wage subsidy is exactly
that.

& So we think more strategic and more focused work needs to be dedicated so that
we can focus on skills development of our youth, skills training of our youth
and decent work for our youth. It's very critical,& he said.

At its last leadership meeting, Cosatu proposed that the country convene a &
high-level national conference on youth employment& before the end of June to
examine the & structural roots& of youth unemployment and strategies to turn the
situation around.

Mr Dlamini said the youth wage subsidy was an example of how the government &
runs directly opposite to the ANC direction& Cosatu has been critical of the
Treasury in particular for failing to implement ANC policies.

marriann@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

BYLINE: NATASHA MARRIAN

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 568  words


Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

Deputy Political Editor

INTERNATIONAL studies proved that the youth wage subsidy would be & extremely
costly and wasteful, with massive deadweight losses& the Congress of South
African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said yesterday.

Cosatu has stalled the implementation of the youth wage subsidy by the Treasury,
arguing that it would & entrench slavery& The heated debate over the
implementation of the subsidy, aimed at creating jobs and transferring skills to
unemployed youth, led to a violent clash between Cosatu and the Democratic
Alliance (DA), which supports the policy, in the streets of Braamfontein last
month.

The subsidy is the subject of negotiation between organised business, labour and
the state at the National Economic Development and Labour Council.

Cosatu released its detailed response to the Treasury and the DA yesterday
outlining its vehement opposition to the subsidy.

It said proponents of the subsidy assumed incorrectly that wages were a major
constraint to job creation.

& In the first instance, the vast majority of young workers who fit the
characteristics of many of the unemployed do not enjoy the statutory minimum
wage. In other words,& it said, & the minimum wage is not a binding constraint
... there is no empirical basis to create a causal link between the extent of
coverage by collective bargaining agreements and youth unemployment.& Cosatu
said countries with high collective bargaining coverage did not necessarily have
high unemployment rates.

Rather, joblessness related to economic structure and the state's role in the
economy.

It argued also that the subsidy would bring about & substitution effects& where
companies were handed incentives to let go of incumbent workers to employ
subsidised ones. The subsidy also did not guarantee skills development and
training, and would entrench inequality in wages.

The document cited examples from other countries and criticised examples of the
effectiveness of the subsidy in countries such as Argentina, Colombia and
Turkey, as argued by the Treasury.

The DA's case for the subsidy hinges on its belief that it had the potential to
create 400000 jobs. The party has vowed to use & constitutional tools& to ensure
the implementation of the subsidy.

Cosatu president Sdumo Dlamini said the wage subsidy would be raised by Cosatu
at the African National Congress (ANC) policy conference, starting in Midrand
today.

It would ask the ANC to come up with more viable solutions to the youth
unemployment crisis.

& We know that is not the policy of the ANC (the youth wage subsidy). The ANC
has rejected the two-tier labour system, and the youth wage subsidy is exactly
that.

& So we think more strategic and more focused work needs to be dedicated so that
we can focus on skills development of our youth, skills training of our youth
and decent work for our youth. It's very critical,& he said.

At its last leadership meeting, Cosatu proposed that the country convene a &
high-level national conference on youth employment& before the end of June to
examine the & structural roots& of youth unemployment and strategies to turn the
situation around.

Mr Dlamini said the youth wage subsidy was an example of how the government &
runs directly opposite to the ANC direction& Cosatu has been critical of the
Treasury in particular for failing to implement ANC policies.

marriann@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             June 26, 2012 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

BYLINE: NATASHA MARRIAN

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 568  words


Cosatu cites 'global experience' in rejecting youth wage subsidy

Deputy Political Editor

INTERNATIONAL studies proved that the youth wage subsidy would be & extremely
costly and wasteful, with massive deadweight losses& the Congress of South
African Trade Unions (Cosatu) said yesterday.

Cosatu has stalled the implementation of the youth wage subsidy by the Treasury,
arguing that it would & entrench slavery& The heated debate over the
implementation of the subsidy, aimed at creating jobs and transferring skills to
unemployed youth, led to a violent clash between Cosatu and the Democratic
Alliance (DA), which supports the policy, in the streets of Braamfontein last
month.

The subsidy is the subject of negotiation between organised business, labour and
the state at the National Economic Development and Labour Council.

Cosatu released its detailed response to the Treasury and the DA yesterday
outlining its vehement opposition to the subsidy.

It said proponents of the subsidy assumed incorrectly that wages were a major
constraint to job creation.

& In the first instance, the vast majority of young workers who fit the
characteristics of many of the unemployed do not enjoy the statutory minimum
wage. In other words,& it said, & the minimum wage is not a binding constraint
... there is no empirical basis to create a causal link between the extent of
coverage by collective bargaining agreements and youth unemployment.& Cosatu
said countries with high collective bargaining coverage did not necessarily have
high unemployment rates.

Rather, joblessness related to economic structure and the state's role in the
economy.

It argued also that the subsidy would bring about & substitution effects& where
companies were handed incentives to let go of incumbent workers to employ
subsidised ones. The subsidy also did not guarantee skills development and
training, and would entrench inequality in wages.

The document cited examples from other countries and criticised examples of the
effectiveness of the subsidy in countries such as Argentina, Colombia and
Turkey, as argued by the Treasury.

The DA's case for the subsidy hinges on its belief that it had the potential to
create 400000 jobs. The party has vowed to use & constitutional tools& to ensure
the implementation of the subsidy.

Cosatu president Sdumo Dlamini said the wage subsidy would be raised by Cosatu
at the African National Congress (ANC) policy conference, starting in Midrand
today.

It would ask the ANC to come up with more viable solutions to the youth
unemployment crisis.

& We know that is not the policy of the ANC (the youth wage subsidy). The ANC
has rejected the two-tier labour system, and the youth wage subsidy is exactly
that.

& So we think more strategic and more focused work needs to be dedicated so that
we can focus on skills development of our youth, skills training of our youth
and decent work for our youth. It's very critical,& he said.

At its last leadership meeting, Cosatu proposed that the country convene a &
high-level national conference on youth employment& before the end of June to
examine the & structural roots& of youth unemployment and strategies to turn the
situation around.

Mr Dlamini said the youth wage subsidy was an example of how the government &
runs directly opposite to the ANC direction& Cosatu has been critical of the
Treasury in particular for failing to implement ANC policies.

marriann@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 14, 2005 Tuesday Home Edition

Brazil threatens U.S. over cotton subsidies;
Bush administration to offer plan to curb price boost

BYLINE: DAN CHAPMAN

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1D;

LENGTH: 1084 words


The Bush administration, caught between politically powerful U.S. cotton farmers
and the World Trade Organization, soon will announce a plan to slash billions of
dollars in subsidies used to sell U.S. cotton overseas.

Brazil --- a burgeoning agricultural powerhouse that threatens U.S. dominance in
cotton and a slew of other crops --- sued the United States over its subsidies
that lead to overproduction and a lowering of prices on the world market.

But the White House proposal, which needs congressional approval, might not
mollify Brazil. Brasilia threatens retaliation, including removal of patents and
copyrights that protect U.S pharmaceuticals, movies and software.

U.S. cotton growers, including 2,500 in Georgia, who depend on the subsidies to
boost sales, remain angry with the White House for bowing to the WTO, which
ruled that the subsidies must end July 1.

Louie Perry, a South Georgia cotton farmer, vows that the subsidies won't
disappear that quickly and that the next farm bill, up for renewal in 2007,
should address all subsidy issues.

Otherwise, "it would be like your paycheck is all of a sudden cut in half.
That's bad," said Perry, of Moultrie, who's prominent in state and national
cotton organizations. Cotton is Georgia's No. 1 crop with sales reaching $406
million last year.

"If you throw U.S. agriculture onto the world market without any safeguards,
you'll no longer have an agricultural industry," Perry continued. "It would
wreck rural communities like this one."

Perry's lament engendered little sympathy from Pedro de Camargo Neto, a former
Brazilian agriculture ministry official who helped bring the anti-subsidy case
before the WTO.

Brazilian legislators, with Camargo's guidance, threaten to introduce
legislation suspending intellectual property laws that keep Brazilians from
pirating U.S. films, software and pharmaceuticals --- a move that potentially
could cost corporations here billions.

U.S. cotton industry analysts accuse the Brazilians of targeting big-bucks
industries --- Hollywood moviemakers and Silicon Valley software designers ---
so their CEOs will pressure the White House to give up cotton subsidies and
appease Brasilia. Camargo says that is indeed the strategy.

"We expect them to comply," Camargo said during a recent phone interview from
Sao Paulo. "If not, we will submit a law [to the Brazilian Congress] aimed at
intellectual property. We don't want to retaliate. We want compliance on cotton.
We're in a hurry. We're losing money on cotton."

Depression-era law

The U.S. government established farm subsidies during the Depression to bolster
small, struggling farms. Today the bulk of the government payments go to
large-scale, wealthy farmers and agribusinesses.

Two subsidy programs in particular help farmers sell their crops.

"Step 2" subsidies go to U.S. mills and cotton brokers so they'll buy domestic
cotton instead of cheaper foreign cotton. Taxpayers spent $2.4 billion on Step 2
payments from 1995 to 2004, according to the Environmental Working Group, a
Washington nonprofit that monitors agricultural subsidies.

Allenberg Cotton of Cordova, Tenn., received $186 million in Step 2 payments the
last decade, according to EWG, more than any other mill or broker. Company
spokesmen couldn't be reached for comment.

A spokeswoman for Atlanta-based WestPoint Stevens Inc., which received $67
million in Step 2 payments during that time --- the largest Georgia recipient
--- declined to comment.

Washington also subsidizes, via an export assistance program, the purchase of
U.S. cotton by developing nations. U.S. growers control 40 percent of the world
cotton market.

In bringing its case to the WTO, Brazil estimated that without those subsidies,
U.S. cotton production would decrease by one-third and world cotton prices would
rise 13 percent. The WTO concurred and ruled in 2004 that the subsidies are
illegal, distort trade and must end.

Top officials with the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the U.S. trade
representative's office will continue briefing members of Congress this week on
the administration's plan to phase out the two subsidy programs. Details are
sketchy, and administration and congressional leaders declined to comment on
specifics.

"We have stated our intention to comply, and we are continuing to discuss how
best to do that," said Richard Mills, USTR spokesman.

Any deal will have to pass muster with Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.), chairman of
the Senate Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry Committee. Administration
officials recently unveiled their subsidy-cutting proposals to committee
staffers, said committee spokesman Keith Williams.

"The chairman is expecting that the administration proposals reflect a
good-faith effort to bring farm programs into compliance with the WTO," Williams
said. "He looks forward to reviewing the contents of the proposal and working
with folks in the industry and the administration to achieve an appropriate
solution."

Growers will be hurt

In its June 3 newsletter, Cotton's Week, the National Cotton Council reported
that the White House will send legislation to Capitol Hill as early as this week
calling for an end to Step 2 and export-assistance subsidies. Council Chairman
Woods Eastland said the proposals "will have a significant and profound impact
on the U.S. cotton industry."

Other sources peg the annual subsidy savings at $400 million for Step 2 and $200
million for export assistance. Congress is likely to include any subsidy-killing
legislation in the fiscal 2006 budget reconciliation bill, which may not be
finalized until the fall.

The July 1 deadline is likely to be missed, though Brazil may be temporarily
mollified by some U.S. progress. Camargo says Brazil can wait "weeks, not
months" for a final resolution. Without a final, WTO-approved deal by, say,
Thanksgiving, Brazil will retaliate, he said. U.S.-held patents and copyrights
on computers, drugs, movies, music and more may no longer be recognized in
Brazil.

"I would [seek retaliation], unfortunately, with big regret," said Camargo,
secretary of production and trade in the Ministry of Agriculture from 2000-2002.

"It would be a trade issue more than a trade war. It's not against the U.S.;
it's against the cotton lobby."

Responded Mills with the U.S. trade representative's office, "It's premature to
speculate about retaliation since we've stated our intentions to comply."

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: JOSHUA COGAN / Special Andre Ortego, a cotton worker in the Pantanal
region of Brazil, works the fields.  ; JOSHUA COGAN / Special At top, the cotton
bloom is in Matto Grosso, Brazil, which has become one of the world's largest
producers of cotton, soybeans and sugar. WHO GOT MOST OF U.S. SUBSIDIES Between
1995 and 2004, Washington gave cotton mills and brokers $2.4 billion in
subsidies that allowed the companies to buy more expensive U.S. cotton instead
of cheaper foreign cotton. Top recipients with operations in Georgia during
those years: ..............................Total payments,
Company..................... 1995-2004 Westpoint Stevens........... $ 67.1
million Mount Vernon Mills............$ 61.3 million Swift Spinning
Mills..........$ 35.4 million Cone Mills Corp...............$ 26.9 million
Springs Industries Inc...... $ 25 million Dominion Cotton Services......$ 12.3
million Delta Apparel Co............ $ 10.7 million Johnston Industries Ala
Inc...$ 6.7 million Wehadkee Yarn Mills......... $ 6 million Thomaston
Mills............. $ 5.1 million Source: Environmental Working Group

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 9, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

The routes that Maryland offi ...

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 209 words


The routes that Maryland officials propose to discontinue are:

14A/B/C/D Gaithersburg-Tysons Corner

Portion of operating cost paid by fares: 5 percent

Daily ridership: 338

Subsidy per passenger: $ 10.84

State subsidy per year: $ 824,363

C18 Waldorf-Branch Avenue

Metro station

Portion of operating costs paid by fares: 5 percent

Daily ridership: 372

Subsidy per passenger: $ 7.25

State subsidy per year: $ 810,000

B11 Rosslyn Metro station-Medical Center Metro station in Bethesda*

Portion of operating costs paid by fares:

22 percent

Daily ridership: 608

Subsidy per passenger: $ 1.85

State subsidy per year: $ 367,000

N11/13 Branch Avenue-King Street

Portion of operating cost paid by fares: 7 percent

Daily ridership: 240

Subsidy per passenger: $ 6.58

State subsidy per year: $ 316,252

N7 express service linking Montgomery Mall, Glen Echo, downtown Washington

Portion of operating costs paid by fares:

20 percent

Daily ridership: 151

Subsidy per passenger: $ 5.45

State subsidy per year: $ 190,000

G1 Greenbelt Parking Lot shuttle (free)

Portion of operating cost paid by fares: None

Daily ridership: N/A

Subsidy per passenger: N/A

State subsidy per year: $ 90,000

* This route would be eliminated only if the cost to Maryland could not be
decreased.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

20,000 from TN say no to LPG subsidy

BYLINE: Christin Mathew Philip

SECTION: CHENNAI

LENGTH: 515 words


CHENNAI: Nearly 20,000 LPG customers in TN have voluntarily opted out of subsidy
following the Centre's nation building campaign, an RTI application filed by TOI
shows. Tamil Nadu has 1.54 crore LPG customers.

The RTI reply said that Indane's 16,002 customers and Bharat's 1,935 customers
in the state have given up their subsidy component after the campaign. HP gas
refused to provide the details under RTI, but sources said less than 1,500 HP
customers in TN have surrendered their LPG subsidy.

According to Indane, 1.16 lakh customers across the country has opted out their
LPG subsidy as on March 13, of which maximum customers are from Uttar Pradesh
(49,054) followed by Delhi (25,700), Tamil Nadu (16,002) and Bihar (9,924).
Similarly, 31,654 customers of Bharat gas have surrendered their subsidy with
Uttar Pradesh on the top with 13,840 customers followed by Maharashtra (4,423),
Karnataka (2478) and Tamil Nadu (1935).

Oil company officials said less than 1% of the 16 crore LPG customers in the
country has surrendered the component so far. "We have been creating awareness
campaigns asking customers to surrender the subsidy but the response remains
poor," said an official. In 2013-14, the Centre provided Rs46,000 crore subsidy
to 15 crore connections in the country.

In Chennai, the subsidy per 14.2 kg cylinder is Rs 215. Even if a family uses up
its full quota of 12 cylinders in a year, they sacrifice Rs2,580. R
Venkataramani, a resident of Mogappair West, who surrendered the subsidy, said:
"Ideally, everyone in the country who can afford to buy cylinders at the market
price should opt out of the subsidy scheme to reduce the burden on the
government. The government can use the saved money for infrastructure projects."

Across the country, several central government employees including that of the
oil companies have given up their LPG subsidy. Companies like Tata, Reliance,
Adani and Vedanta have recently urged their employees to give up the subsidy
component. Apart from informing the LPG distributor directly, people can visit
the website (www.givitup.in) to avoid any hassle. Once an individual signs up to
receive non-subsidized LPG cylinders, his or her name will be featured on a
'scroll of honor' on the respective company's website in recognition of their
contribution.

However, some are not convinced. "I don't think it makes a difference if I
sacrifice the LPG subsidy. When the government is unable to stop inflation, why
should I give up my subsidy. The authorities should first plug leakage in the
system," said a resident of Nandanam.

Meanwhile, 17.15 lakh customers in TN are yet to enroll under the direct benefit
transfer of LPG scheme, known as 'Pahal.' Oil companies have granted time till
June to those LPG consumers who haven't enrolled yet as the subsidy due to them
will be transferred to their bank account once the enrollment is completed. "If
they do not enroll till June, they will have to purchase cylinders at market
price from July, and they will not be eligible for subsidy." said an oil company
official.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Urban solar subsidy receives lukewarm response

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 31 -- The government's new policy to provide subsidy for people
in urban areas to install solar panels has received a lukewarm response.Aiming
to reduce the burden on the national grid of the Nepal Electricity Authority
(NEA), the government had introduced a policy to provide subsidy for people in
15 municipalities, including five within the Kathmandu valley, to set up solar
panels at their houses.

The Alternative Energy Promotion Center (AEPC), the government agency
responsible for distributing solar subsidy, had set a target to provide solar
subsidies to 25,000 families within this fiscal year, which will end mid-July,
2014. However, in the first nine months of the ongoing fiscal year, less than
150 families, none of them outside the valley, applied for the subsidy. [....]

On Monday, the Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment (MoSTE) informed
that only 108 families have so far applied for solar subsidy, which is quite
insignificant compared to the AEPC's target. "The response that we received from
the urban dwellers to our solar subsidy program is very discouraging," said Dr
Govinda Pokharel, executive director of the AEPC. "It has compelled us to revise
our strategies for urban solar subsidy program."

As per the government's policy, the AEPC will provide Rs 5,000 for urban
families who install up to 200-watt solar panels. Similarly, those urban
families who install over 200-watt solar panels will get Rs 8,000. "For the
urban dwellers, the subsidy amount is perhaps too less," said Dr Pokharel.
"Besides, the process of receiving subsidy is lengthy. If we really want to
encourage the urban dwellers to apply for solar subsidy, we should perhaps ease
the process and increase the subsidy amount."

According to Ram Prasad Dhital, Solar Program Manager at the AEPC, the
difficulty in buying optimizer, a device that helps solar panels get recharged
from solar power instead of electricity, has also deterred the urban dwellers
from applying for solar subsidy.

"If optimizers are not fitted, solar panels, when solar-charged batteries are
down in the night, automatically get recharged from electricity," said Dhital.
"If solar panels get recharged from electricity, it would not serve our
interest. Our goal is to save electricity by promoting solar energy. So, fitting
optimizer in solar panels is a prerequisite for the urban dwellers to get
subsidy." Unfortunately, according to Dhital, optimizers, also known as
prioritizers, are not easily available in the local market.

By encouraging the urban dwellers to install solar panels, the AEPC aims to save
14 units of electricity, supplied through the NEA's national grid, per house per
month. "Of course, we will not save a big amount of electricity-energy," said
Dhital. "But, it will certainly help us beat power-outage."

Until last year, solar subsidy was only for the people livening in villages. As
the load shedding-hit urban dwellers' dependency on inverters increased, causing
electricity leakage, the government, early last year, introduced a new policy
for providing solar subsidy to the urban dwellers, too.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      July 3, 1989, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Tackling those trade subsidies

SECTION: SECTION 1, SPECTRUM; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 632 words


  As Europe moves toward closer economic integration in 1992, as highlighted in
a recent Financial Post series, comparisons with the Canada-U.S. Free Trade
Agreement become inevitable. There are, however, significant differences.

The guiding principle of the FTA is ''national treatment,'' which means both
countries leave most domestic laws affecting trade intact, but apply them
equally to the other's companies. The aim of Europe 1992 is explicitly to
harmonize nearly every policy that could conceivably pose a barrier to trade
within the European Community. Agreements are to be worked out in 297 separate
categories by Dec. 31, 1992.

There are advantages to harmonization, chiefly in economies of scale and ease of
cross-border movement, and the FTA leaves open the possibility of mutually
agreed standardization of things like technical and safety specifications. But
there are disadvantages, too. Every trade agreement involves some loss of
''sovereignty.'' Usually, this amounts to discarding policies we should be glad
to give up anyway: tariffs, for instance.

But harmonization on the scale of 1992 means the abandonment of sovereignty on a
totally different scale, and in areas in which one might well have to replace
superior national policies with inferior supranational models. That is where
Britain's Margaret Thatcher draws the line. We wouldn't even agree to a fixed
exchange rate. In Europe, they're talking about a single currency.


Harmonization, then, offers some economic gains, at the cost of sovereignty. The
Europeans think it worth the tradeoff, partly because the EC has always been as
much about political unification - where diminishing national sovereignty is a
postive virtue - as liberalized trade. The North Americans preferred for the
most part to preserve their differences. Though the full benefits of economies
of scale are not realized, the device of ''national treatment'' neutralizes the
trade-distorting costs of those differences.

All of this is worth keeping in mind during the next five to seven years as
talks proceed between Canada and the U.S. on a common definition of export
subsidies under the FTA. It should by now have been well established that
medicare and other social programs, even if they might be subsidies in the sense
of reducing business costs, are not at issue: the FTA operates within the
General Agreement on Tariffs & Trade, and GATT rules state that social programs
and other subsidies available across an economy are not open to dispute.

But even where subsidies are directed to one industry or another, neither side
is required to give up anything. The talks are only about reaching agreement on
which sort of subsidies to define as export subsidies, and hence open to
countervailing duties under the two countries' trade laws.

The laws themselves are quite similar, but the definitions of a subsidy have
differed. Agreement in advance on which sorts of subsidies are ''illegal''
allows each country to proceed with greater certainty in making policy, and
offers exporters in both more predictability. Frivolous trade actions, launched
on the hope that a friendly tribunal might define a practice as a ''subsidy,''
would be cut off before they could begin.

Three further points are worth mentioning. Even if we don't have to give up a
single industrial subsidy, no matter how illegal, in most cases we should: our
export subsidies are a gift to American consumers. Even if we have the right to
countervail those subsidies defined as illegal, in most cases we shouldn't:
their export subsidies are a gift to us. And even if defining illegal subsidies
proves troublesome, the Institute for Research on Public Policy calculates they
don't amount to much in either country anyway.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    August 5, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Farm subsidies mean huge costs -- and benefits

BYLINE: By John Spears Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1576 words


   Almost everyone agrees that farm and food subsidies are out of hand.

* For every dollar Canadian farmers made in profit last year, governments paid
almost 60 cents in subsidies.

* The European Community has paid subsidies of up to $130 (U.S.) a tonne to sell
barley worth just $55.

* U.S. farm price support programs that cost only $2.8 billion (U.S.) in 1980
cost $26 billion last year.

But what would the world be like without them?

The question is vital to Canada, which itself doled out $2.9 billion in direct
farm subsidies last year. According to one estimate, consumers pay an additional
$1 billion extra in higher food prices to support farm incomes.

The total cost of all countries' agricultural subsidies around the world has
been estimated as high as $200 billion.

But weighed against the tremendous price are huge economic and political risks
if most subsidies are abolished.

Canada could lose huge chunks of its dairy and poultry industries.

The U.S. would probably wave goodbye to much of its sugar industry as production
moved to Third World countries.

European grain production would be hammered; Japan's rice and beef producers
could almost disappear.

How many billions are politicians willing to spend on agriculture each year? But
what political cost will they pay if they destroy farms in their own country? Or
leave themselves vulnerable to charges that they risk their own country's
security by making it dependent on imported food?

A U.S. proposal urging an end to "trade-distorting subsidies" will force
governments to face these questions.

But it's not even easy to say what a subsidy is.

Some are straightforward: The U.S. pays wheat growers $4.29 (U.S.) a bushel for
wheat, for example, when the world price is about $2.17.

But is it a subsidy to farmers when governments spend millions to improve rail
or ship transportation? Or insure financing on foreign grain sales?

And which subsidies are trade-distorting? The U.S. wants only to stamp out
measures that distort trade.

Presumably, then, some subsidies are okay. Others are not. Which is which?

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) has tried to
draw up some guidelines.

One of the principles is that governments should support farmers rather than
farming: in other words, support farm incomes at a reasonable level; but don't
do it by encouraging farmers to produce more, adding further to huge existing
surpluses.

Even more crucial a question: How much political courage would governments have
in slashing farm subsidies?

Governments might want to look for support in a recent study by the OECD.

It set up an economic model and calculated the effect of cutting all farm
subsidies everywhere by a modest 10 per cent.

The study used admittedly old data from 1979 to 1981; subsidy levels have gone
crazy since then.

But the OECD figured that an across-the-board cut of 10 per cent in farm
programs would leave farm incomes relatively untouched in most countries,
including Canada.

The European Community, where meat and grain production has been heavily
subsidized, would take the biggest hit.

European farmers, for instance, are paid about $200 a tonne for barley; Western
Canadian farmers this year will get about $50 a tonne at the farm gate for
barley.

But outside Europe, eliminating subsidies would stop surplus production from
being dumped at low prices. And that would provide farmers with higher incomes
through higher market prices.

With surplus European meat and grain removed from the market, Canadian beef,
pork and grain producers would enjoy bigger markets and higher prices.

The loss of subsidy income would be offset by higher profits from the
marketplace.

And governments would stand to save a substantial amount of money - about $300
million a year based on current subsidy levels.

Such is the optimistic scenario presented by the OECD - and hoped for by the
U.S.

The big question, of course, is why the Europeans would want to go along with
any such proposal, if it would result in the loss of markets for European
farmers.

One possibility: enlisting the aid of consumers, who outnumber farmers and are
forced to pay high food prices because of the high community price supports.

Consumers also share the burden, through their taxes, of subsidizing the sale of
excess production on world markets.

But Robert Thompson, a former top official in the U.S. agriculture department,
warns that the power of farm lobbies shouldn't be taken lightly.

Lower prices for farm goods mean lower prices for farmland and other farm
assets, Thompson noted in a recent speech in Toronto.

Farmers can't be expected to sit by passively while government policies lower
the value of their land - which is in effect their pension fund.

"Unless the losers are compensated, they will be able through their political
power to successfully thwart implementation of the over-all agreement that comes
out of trade negotiations," he said.

It will takes billions of dollars to compensate farmers who lose out, Thompson
said.

Some farm experts clearly think the effort is worth while.

Dennis Avery, an agricultural analyst with the U.S. agriculture department,
argues strongly in favor of the policy.

Tearing down trade barriers and eliminating tariffs, he argued in a recent
statement, would:

* Open up the heavily protected markets of Japan and Korea to exporters such as
the U.S., and lower food prices for consumers in those countries;

* Eliminate most European food exports from world markets because they couldn't
compete;

* Encourage newly industrialized countries to develop without developing the
"farm subsidy syndrome."

They would grow foods they could produce efficiently, and use cash from their
new industries to buy the rest of their food from efficient foreign suppliers.

Trade in food worldwide would increase, and North American farmers would be able
to take advantage of it.

Avery even said that cutting subsidies may be good for the family farm.

High subsidies made farming big business in the U.S., Avery argued, and that
encouraged some farmers to get big loans to buy out their neighbors.

The subsidies have also encouraged farmers to spend heavily on fertilizer and
chemicals.

Low subsidies would put more of a premium on lowering costs, Avery said. That
means smaller farm units, plus more emphasis on techniques such as crop rotation
and soil conservation instead of pouring on expensive chemicals.

Not everyone paints so rosy a picture, however.

Douglas Mutch of the Canadian Livestock Feed Board is a pessimist.

"I tend to think the world feed (grain) trade potential is much more limited
than a lot of people think," he said in an interview.

The Soviet Union, for example, could soon be self-sufficient in grain. That
would wipe out one of Canada's oldest and most reliable customers.

China - which happens to be the world's biggest wheat producer - could also be
self-sufficient in grain if it wanted, Mutch said.

At the moment, government policy makes it more profitable for peasants to grow
fruits and vegetables.

But China is already near self-suffiency in grains, and some years has even
exported.

"All that's needed there is a bit of a policy change," Mutch said.

"The underlying trend I see in the global food markets is that more food is
being produced in those countries that are currently importing."

In other words, even if highly subsidized exports disappear from markets,
Canadian farmers might not be able to fill the gaps.

Instead, more productive Chinese, Indian and Soviet farms would feed their own
animal and human populations.

Daryl Kraft, an agricultural economist at the University of Manitoba, doubts
that talks under the world trade-regulating body GATT (General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade) will come close to the U.S. goal of eliminating
trade-distorting subsidies in any case.

"The best that can be hoped for is that those countries with trade-distorting
subsidies will be restricted to some sort of quota system," he figures.

"They'll say okay, if you have a trade-distorting subsidy, then you better not
have any surplus."

Even that may prove politically difficult for the European Commlunity, which has
done little in the past to limit production.

But such a limited achievement would be good news for some Canadian farmers.

"In that situation our supply-managed industries won't have too much to fear,"
Kraft said.

The exception: the dairy industry, which produced almost 70,000 tonnes of
surplus skim milk powder dumped at a loss on the world market last year.

Kraft also said the $700 million a year subsidy paid by the federal government
to transport western grain to market is clearly a trade-distorting measure.

But he thinks Canadian grain growers would be able to compete on world markets
without it, if other countries were forced to give up their subsidies.

Stronger grain prices would help offset the loss of the Crow benefit.

Kraft argued, however, that it's not a simple matter of slashing spending on
farmers.

The agriculture industry may well expect to receive the same level of support as
it did in the past, albeit in different areas.

That's when Canada's politicians will face some hard questions about what to do
about our own farmers.

Second of two articles

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Kerosene subsidy fixed at Rs 12 a litre for FY16

BYLINE: Prasanta Sahu,Siddhartha P Saikia

LENGTH: 461  words


The government has decided to fix the kerosene subsidy that the Union Budget
would provide for in the current fiscal at Rs 12 a litre.

The government has decided to fix the kerosene subsidy that the Union Budget
would provide for in the current fiscal at Rs 12 a litre. Any under-recovery
above this incurred by the oil retailers would be compensated by the upstream
oil companies ONGC, Oil India and Gail (India).

The finance ministry's decision is a relief to the upstream companies. They will
bear much less as fuel-subsidy burden this fiscal, compared to last year. Also,
there is now more clarity on the subsidy-sharing formula. The government had
earlier told the upstream companies that it would bear the entire subsidy on
cooking gas for April-June quarter.

In the past few years, the fiscally strained government had increased upstream
companies' subsidy burden, while the sharing formula remained non-transparent.

This year, the relatively benign crude, the decontrol of diesel and the
DBT-enabled savings in LPG subsidy (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/lpg-
subsidy/) would help both the government and the upstream oil firms.

In April-June this year, the oil marketing companies' under-recovery on kerosene
sales - given the average price of the Indian basket of crude and the level of
the rupee that prevailed in the period - was R18.51/litre. With the government's
decision to clearly define the subsidy to be given from the Budget, upstream oil
companies' share of subsidy burden in Q1FY16 would be R6.51 per litre, or 35% of
the total under-recoveries on the fuel. Last year, these firms bore 48% of the
total under-recoveries on fuels,

For kerosene, the under-recovery is expected to be around R13,000 crore assuming
the average crude oil price at $60 per barrel and it could go up to R16,500
crore at $70 per barrel. The Indian basket of crude oil averaged at $61.47 a
barrel during April-June 2015.

Oil marketers incurred an under-recovery of R24,799 crore on kerosene sales in
FY15.

Confirming that the finance ministry has communicated its decision to bear
kerosene subsidy up to R12 a litre to the petroleum ministry, a source
explained: "The government has provided for R8,000 crore for kerosene subsidy in
FY16 Union Budget. An additional R2,000 crore would be provided in the
supplementary demand for grants." Under-recovery on kerosene stood at R3,800
crore in Q1FY16.

FE had on April 17 reported the government's decision to bear the entire
domestic cooking gas subsidy in FY16. Finance minister Arun Jaitley
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/arun-jaitley/) has provided R22,000 crore
towards LPG subsidy in FY16 in the Budget. The total petroleum subsidy budgeted
is R30,000 crore, 50.22% less than the revised estimate of R60,270 crore for
FY15.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Pune Edition

India's anti-subsidy plan to hit China

BYLINE: Sidhartha TNN

SECTION: TIMES BUSINESS

LENGTH: 525 words


New Delhi: The government is ready with a plan to act against countries that
provide subsidy to local producers and make exports more competitive.Although
anti-subsidy action is a trade defence measure,permitted by the World Trade
Organisation (WTO),the move is expected to hit China the most.Commerce
department officials told TOI that the government is setting up a Directorate
General of Trade Remedies (DGTR) over the next few weeks,which will deal with
anti-subsidy and countervailing action.The new directorate will also deal with
anti-dumping action,which is initiated against foreign manufacturers who sell in
India below-cost and impact domestic products.The third trade defence tool -
safeguard duty - is initiated in case of a surge in imports and will remain with
the revenue department.In all three cases the WTO provides for imposition of
duty to prevent any surge.Countervailing duty can be imposed only after the
authorities have determined that there is a specific subsidy,relating to export
performance.Besides,it has to push for the use of domestic goods over imported
products that are used on manufacturing an export article.Further,the country
that initiates anti-subsidy action has to prove that the subsidy is given to a
limited number of persons or units involved in manufacturing or exporting the
product.Trade experts,however,warned that proving subsidies and taking
countervailing is most difficult among the three as information is difficult to
obtain.Under WTO's Agreement on Subsidies & Countervailing Measures,only those
subsidies that are not in the banned category face duty.In case of prohibited
list,members have to move WTO.Sources said that the commerce department has also
roped in WTO to help train manpower for anti-subsidy action."We should be in a
position to initiate anti-subsidy action in two months or so," said a senior
officer in the commerce department.Official are studying action that has been
initiated in various countries to prepare a potential list of products on which
anti-subsidy action can be initiated.Trade economists said that the move will
hit China the most as it has attracted maximum attention globally."It will
create level-playing field with Chinese imports.In any case the government is
preparing a plan to counter the threat from across the border," said an
expert.Officials,however,countered this by saying that the thrust was aimed at
boosting exports to China and making the domestic industry more
competitive.CRACKING DOWN Check Points Direct govt subsidy linked to export
performance Govt provides goods or services - other than general infrastructure
- free of cost or at concessional rates Currency retention,similar schemes
involving a bonus on exports Internal transport and freight charges on export
shipments on terms more attractive than for domestic shipments Exemption or
remission of direct taxes,social welfare charges paid by companies Subsidy is
specific It relates to export performance It supports the use of domestic goods
over imported items in a product meant for exports It is given to few entities
engaged in manufacturing,export Source: WTO,Commerce Dept

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 8, 2007 Wednesday

Senate Farm Bill must cut subsidy threshold

BYLINE: TELEGRAPH HERALD EDITORIAL

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 479 words


House Democrats missed an opportunity to reform a government policy that's been
askew since the Depression. The House version of the Farm Bill makes some
changes to the commodity crop subsidy system, but not nearly enough.

The House bill lowers the eligibility ceiling for farmers getting subsidies from
a whopping $2.5 million to $1 million in adjusted gross income. Reformers - as
well as President Bush - were calling for a drop in that ceiling to $200,000.
That plan would have saved three times the money. The Bush administration plan
also called for tougher guidelines to prohibit farmers from getting subsidies
from multiple farms and stricter rules to prevent abuse of the system. That's
significant. The Government Accountability Office estimates we pay as much as
$500 million each year in improper payments.

Reauthorized every five years, the U.S. Farm Bill is a complicated piece of
legislation for lawmakers to sort out. It's about a whole lot more than just
farms. The Farm Bill encompasses food stamps, rural development, nutritional
programs and energy issues. Reconciling a House and Senate version of a bill
addressing all these issues won't be easy. It's easy for the conversation to get
derailed onto non-essential topics. But weaning farmers from their dependence on
government subsidies has got to be a big part of the discussion. Farm subsidies
cost taxpayers up to $35 billion annually.

Talk to farm economists and they'll tell you that farm subsidies now do nearly
exactly the opposite of what they were intended to do. Large agricultural
businesses get the largest subsidies. In fact, the largest 10 percent of farm
businesses receive three-fourths of all subsidies. That allows these mega farms
to buy up land, getting bigger and bigger while small farmers get pushed out.
Although the government pays out billions in assistance, the number of small
farmers continues to decline. That, in turn, impacts rural populations and
economies.

If the government would lower the subsidy threshold significantly, ag economists
believe it would slow farm consolidation and the deterioration of small farms.
Money spent to support small farmers has myriad dividends in  rural communities.
If subsidies were eliminated, experts believe the ag community would diversify
and thrive, emerging stronger. That's what happened to New Zealand's ag economy
when it did away with subsidies in 1984.

The farm commodity crop subsidy program is a poor way to support farmers. It is
counterproductive in its effect and has a negative impact on rural life. Before
more taxpayer money is funneled into another five years of farm subsidies, the
Senate should demand a real discussion on cutting the handouts.

Editorials reflect the consensus of the Telegraph Herald Editorial Board: Jim
Normandin (publisher), Brian Cooper, Ken Brown, Monty Gilles, Amy Gilligan and
Sharon Welborn.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           December 17, 2005 Saturday

Saturday: Comment & Debate: The Hong Kong paradox: Scrapping subsidies for
western farmers is a worthy goal - but it is oversold as a panacea for poor
countries

BYLINE: Pietra Rivoli

SECTION: GUARDIAN COMMENT AND DEBATE PAGES ; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 845 words


As political discussions on everything from terrorism to tax cuts become
increasingly polarised along a left-right divide, we should all be grateful to
the US and EU for the massive agricultural subsidies paid to farmers in the
west. If nothing else, the subsidies offer one small area where the right and
the left can agree with one another.

From vastly different ideological starting points, both sides reach a common
conclusion: the rich-country agricultural subsidies are blocking the path out of
poverty for dozens of poor countries around the world. At the WTO meetings in
Hong Kong, this unlikely alliance has once again been pressing its case for
reducing the subsidies.

This is a noble goal, but it has been oversold and oversimplified as a panacea
for poor countries. So much rhetorical energy has been focused on the evils of
the subsidies that we have lost sight of a number of the unintended but more
nuanced effects of the subsidies on poor countries, and we have also lost sight
of the fact that subsidies are often the least of poor-country farmers' worries.

The removal of subsidies to farmers in wealthy countries would shrink supply and
boost world prices. But how much of the price increase would reach poor farmers?
Not much. For cotton, while American farmers receive about double the world
market price for their crop, farmers in the poorest countries of west Africa
generally receive half that price. The rest is eaten up elsewhere in the value
chain, often by exploitive practices that work against poor and illiterate
farmers who lack political power.

Economists predict that removing such subsidies could increase world prices for
cotton by about 10%, which means west African farmers might see a 5% boost in
their incomes. A step in the right direction? Of course. A panacea for rural
poverty in west Africa? Not by a long stretch.

Poor countries, in aggregate, remain net importers of most food crops. Reducing
agricultural subsidies might marginally boost poor-country farmers' incomes, but
we must recognise that when western taxpayers subsidise farm production, they
not only enrich French and American farmers, they also subsidise food consumers
all over the world.

Because developing countries are net importers of food, these countries can look
forward to at least some higher food prices as western largesse to farmers is
trimmed. This is good news for those who grow food in poor countries, but bad
news for those who eat it.

Cotton is a related case. The huge subsidies paid to US cotton farmers depress
the world price of cotton and thereby stimulate US cotton exports, with the
result that textile production in poor countries - a vitally important industry
for many poor countries - is subsidised by US taxpayers. While reducing
subsidies might benefit China's cotton farmers, it will also harm (at least in
the short run) its millions of textile workers.

Finally, it is important to understand that farm subsidies in rich countries are
but one small part of western support for agriculture, and much of this support
has spilled over to farmers in the poorest countries in the world. As public
support for agriculture in rich countries wanes, both rich-country and
poor-country farmers will be affected. Reducing farmer subsidies will reduce the
number of rich-country farmers, which will in turn reduce the political clout of
agricultural interests, which will then shrink broader support for the
agricultural complex.

For centuries Europe and the United States have had a set of evolving public
policies in place to advance agricultural interests. These include not just the
subsidies paid to farmers but also government-sponsored research, public-private
partnerships with firms producing better seeds, better fertilisers and more
effective pesticides, and of course state-funded universities that work to
advance agricultural interests.

Though western farmers might have liked to keep such largesse to themselves, in
fact the scientific advances in agriculture that have been funded by western
governments have quickly spilled over to benefit farmers in the world's poorest
regions. Because of government-funded research done in Lubbock, Texas, African
cotton farmers can grow higher-quality cotton with better seeds, fewer pests and
higher yields.

In Hong Kong this week, everyone from Oxfam to free-market thinktanks has been
pressing the US and the EU on farm subsidies - as well they should. But what was
originally supposed to be the "development round" of trade liberalisation has
been winnowed down to near single-issue talks over agricultural subsidies.
Much-needed analysis of the unintended consequences and the more nuanced effects
of the subsidies appears to be lacking. By overselling and oversimplifying the
role of rich-country subsidies in poor-country poverty, we leave the wider
issues of the role of trade in economic development still on the table.

Pietra Rivoli teaches at Georgetown University's McDonough School of Business
and is the author of The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy.
comment@guardian.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Kerosene: Centre paid Rs 2,600-crore subsidy to oil retailers for first quarter

BYLINE: Prasanta Sahu

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


(http://images.financialexpress.com/2015/07/oil-prices-re-L.jpg)

The central government has paid Rs 2,600 crore subsidy to public sector oil
retailers for selling kerosene at state-set prices in the first quarter of FY16,
sources said. (Reuters)

The central government has paid Rs 2,600 crore subsidy to public sector oil
retailers for selling kerosene at state-set prices in the first quarter of FY16,
sources said.

Additionally, state-run upstream companies compensated R1,300 crore in
April-June to the oil retailers Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan
Petroleum, the sources said. The total under-recoveries on kerosene was Rs 3,900
crore in Q1 of FY16.

Under a subsidy-sharing formula prepared by the finance ministry for FY16, the
government would provide kerosene subsidy at R12 a litre and any under-recovery
above this incurred by the oil retailers would be offset by the upstream oil
companies, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Oil India and Gail.

The finance ministry's decision is a relief to the upstream companies as they
would bear much less as fuel-subsidy burden this fiscal, compared to last year.
There is now also more clarity on the subsidy-sharing formula. The government
had earlier told the upstream companies that it would bear the entire subsidy on
LPG. Irrespective of under-recovery in LPG, the government pays a fixed subsidy
of R18 a kg to the petroleum ministry, which implements the direct cash benefit
transfer (DBT) scheme for cooking gas. As the under-recovery in LPG is now
around R12 per kg, the balance is kept in a buffer fund as a cushion against
rise in crude prices. That means even if the under-recovery goes above R18 per
kg, the additional amount required for subsidy payments would be met from the
buffer fund without impacting government finances.

In the past few years, the fiscally-strained government had increased upstream
companies' subsidy burden, while the sharing formula remained non-transparent.
This year, the relatively benign crude, the decontrol of diesel and the
DBT-enabled savings in LPG subsidy (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/lpg-
subsidy/) would help both the government and the upstream oil firms.

In April-June this year, the oil marketing firms' under-recovery on kerosene
sales was Rs 18.51/litre. Upstream oil firms' share of subsidy burden in Q1FY16
would be R6.51 per litre, or 35% of the total under-recoveries on the fuel. Last
year, these firms bore 48% of the total under-recoveries on fuels. For kerosene,
the under-recovery is expected to be R15,000-16,000 crore for FY16. The Indian
basket of crude oil averaged at $61.47 a barrel during April-June 2015. Oil
retailers incurred an under-recovery of R24,799 crore on kerosene sales in FY15.
In the FY16 budget, the government provided R8,000 crore for kerosene subsidy.
But the government may have to provide additional R2,000 crore to meet the
full-year subsidy pay-out of about R10,000 crore, sources said. For LPG, the
government has provided for R22,000 crore subsidy for this fiscal.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Boeing received illegal subsidies, WTO rules

BYLINE: Dominic Gates, Seattle Times

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Confirming preliminary reports from September, a confidential World Trade
Organization ruling released Monday to the affected parties ruled Boeing Co.
guilty of receiving illegal subsidies.

But the total amount of the illegal subsidies cited was a fraction of the amount
reported in a parallel WTO ruling last year against Airbus, Boeing's main
competitor.

"The United States is confident that the WTO will confirm the U.S. view that
European subsidies to Airbus dwarf any subsidies that the United States provided
to Boeing," said U.S. Trade Representative spokeswoman Nefeterius McPherson.

The report was released only to the U.S. government and the European Union, and
it won't be available to the public or press for two to three months, until it
is translated into French and Spanish.

Airbus, however, issued a statement that said the report shows Boeing received
"at least $5 billion" in illegal subsidies. Airbus said the ruling, when made
public, will show that without those illegal subsidies, "Boeing would not have
been able to launch the 787."

If confirmed, that allegation about the funding of the 787 Dreamliner, Boeing's
crucial new jet, is certainly serious.

But in comparison, the final public WTO report issued last year on the subsidies
to Airbus was a broader indictment. That ruling found illegal the $15 billion
paid in advance specifically to fund the development phase of all of Airbus's
jet programs, plus $5 billion in other subsidies.

Furthermore, sources on the U.S. side of the case said in September that about
40 per cent of the $5-billion figure for Boeing subsidies pertained to a U.S.
tax law that has already been changed. Boeing considers this portion of the WTO
finding already remedied.

If that is confirmed when the final report is publicly released, it would leave
just $3 billion in illegal subsidies that Boeing must answer for, versus $20
billion for Airbus parent company European Aeronautic Defence & Space Co., or
EADS.

In a statement, Boeing called the conclusions of the WTO report "a sweeping
rejection of the EU's claims." The EU had alleged that Boeing received some $24
billion in illegal subsidies. "Today's reports confirm the interim news from
last September that the WTO rejected almost all of Europe's claims against the
United States," Boeing's statement said.

"Nothing in today's reports even begins to compare to the $20 billion in illegal
subsidies that the WTO found last June that Airbus/EADS has received."

Airbus took an opposite view. In a statement, Airbus declared the WTO ruling an
"excellent result."

In addition to the $5 billion in illegal subsidies already received by Boeing,
Airbus said the WTO report points to "more than $2 billion in state and local
subsidies that Boeing will receive in the future" that are also illegal. This is
a reference to tax breaks and other incentives to Boeing from the states of
Washington and Kansas.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Ben Stansall, AFP, Getty Images, File;  European plane maker
Airbus says the World Trade Organization has  confirmed Boeing received "massive
and illegal government subsidies  for many decades";

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              June 25, 2012 Monday

Subsidising the poor still remains a dream

BYLINE:  M Zubair Chodhury

LENGTH: 540  words


Subsidies are considered a form of government intervention in a free market
mechanism to offset market imperfections through inducing high level of
production or consumption. It also aims to ensure social equity through
redistribution of income in society. In Pakistan, it seems that provision of
subsidies in different sectors of the economy has had adverse implications.

The main objective behind subsidies is to minimise the effects of inflation. The
government generally allocates a huge amount for subsidies which leads to
widening of the gap between its income and expenditure, called the budget
deficit in economic jargon.

Our economic history evidently proved that governments had always preferred the
much convenient way of printing currency notes for bridging the fiscal gap in
the past. Consequently, inflation surged whenever authorities took such steps.
So, one can easily imagine that subsidies are a cause of inflation instead of
reducing it.

In fiscal year 2011-12, the central and provincial governments spent Rs463.091
billion on subsidies, which were Rs378.879 billion more than the figure for
2010-11.

Punjab spent Rs6.725 billion, Sindh Rs1.002 billion and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Rs2
billion. The central government spent the major portion of subsidies at
Rs453.337 billion, which mainly went to the power sector and commodity purchase.

However, the question of relief to the poor remains unanswered despite the huge
spending on subsidies. So, what has been achieved at the cost of budget deficit
and market inefficiency?

Much of the subsidies provided by the government are untargeted, which is the
actual problem plaguing the subsidy programme and has kept away the objectives.
The consequences of untargeted subsidies are very clear as they reach those
people also who do not need the relief.

Secondly, the subsidies are always limited and with bigger size of the
population its distribution per capita reduces the impact. In this regard,
subsidies in the energy sector are a real example where government spends
billions of rupees, but the consumer gets very little of the advantages.

However, not all is bad, there are some examples of targeted subsidies, which
include the Benazir Income Support Programme (BISP), Pakistan Bait-ul- Mal and
Zakat system, etc. But these targeted subsidies have become a victim of politics
because of weak institutional and organisational capability of the distribution
system.

BISP is no doubt is the first programme which has been designed on scientific
lines. The government has announced an increase of 40% in the BISP budget to
Rs70 billion for the upcoming fiscal year, beginning July. But the scheme has
also come under criticism, with people arguing that the PPP-led government is
distributing the money on the basis of political affiliation rather than
considering poverty levels. Similar views are also heard about Zakat and
Bait-ul-Mal programmes.

In order to achieve the objectives of subsidies, it is necessary to make them as
transparent as possible, use the money for well-defined economic and social
objectives instead of short-term political gains and provide the money to final
goods and services with a view to maximising the impact on the target population
at a minimum cost.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Fertiliser dues only in FY11

BYLINE: Gireesh Chandra Prasad

LENGTH: 505  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Despite the fertiliser subsidy bill falling by a half to about Rs 60,000 crore
this fiscal on cheaper crude, cash inflows to fertiliser companies will be short
by Rs 17,000 crore. The government plans to roll over these dues to the next
fiscal, as part of its measures to keep the fiscal deficit within the budgeted
figure of 6.8% of GDP.

Official sources say the finance ministry has ruled out any additional
fertiliser subsidy outgo this year over the allocated Rs 52,980 crore, implying
that firms like Kribhco, Indian Potash and Iffco would have to wait for the next
fiscal to get compensated for selling fertilisers at government-fixed retail
prices.

The fertiliser subsidy bill last year stood at a record Rs 1.17 lakh crore, of
which close to Rs 96,000 crore was paid, and the rest was carried over to this
year.

Staggering the subsidy grant will help the finance ministry keep the fiscal
deficit-the gap between revenue and expenditure met through borrowing-closer to
the Budget estimate of 6.8%. Adhering to the deficit target will be challenging
for the ministry, as tax breaks and higher expenditure to stimulate the economy
have been in place for more than a year now. Besides, the pressure on government
finance is expected to continue next fiscal as well. However, considering the
high inflation in food prices, the government would like to step up agricultural
productivity. This could favour fertiliser-makers.

One probable source of funds the finance ministry is banking on for giving some
extra subsidy this year is the last instalment of advance tax payments expected
by mid-March.

The subsidy provided this year-including the budgeted Rs 49,980 crore and the Rs
3,000 crore supplementary grant in December--is 45% less than the subsidy given
last year, which comprises Rs 75,848. 8 crore Budget subsidy and Rs 20,000 crore
paid through bonds---which is not part of fiscal deficit calculations. This
year's subsidy allocation was estimated lower because of the anticipated slide
in the cost of local and imported fertilisers in tune with the lower global
crude oil prices.

The fertiliser department is also not ready to implement a nutrient-based
subsidy system--- wherein subsidies would go directly to farmers---proposed in
the last Budget. Once fertiliser prices are de-regulated and subsidies go
directly to the consumer, there could be a mismatch between the rise in prices
and the subsidy given. Besides, a period of high food price inflation (18%
annual food price inflation in the last week of January) is not the right time
to implement the new regime, the department believes.

"Since the systems for direct transfer of subsidy to the farmers are not in
place, we will have to continue with the practice of routing the subsidy through
the industry for another year at least," a fertilizers and chemicals ministry
official told FE. A Planning Commission official told FE the government should
also find a way to ensure that subsidies given directly to the farmer is used
for buying fertilisers and nothing else.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 9, 1994, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Confusion reigns on rails' subsidy cut

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 459 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


Canadian National Railway Co. and Canadian Pacific Ltd. will lose, by July 1995,
their combined annual federal grant of $590 million to move western grain to
ports, Transport Minister Doug Young said yesterday.

The unexpected decision surprised Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale, who
insisted no final decision has yet been made to eliminate the western grain
transportation subsidy.

Senior agriculture officials said their department was ''puzzled'' by Young's
comments.

Young told reporters that because of Canada's new international trade
obligations, the $15-per-tonne transportation subsidy will no longer be paid to
Canada's two railroads.

Under the Uruguay Round of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, all
trade-distorting export subsidies must be reduced by about 36% over the next six
years.

''The direct payments to railroads will be eliminated by 1995 - they have to be
under the (GATT) law,'' said Young.

While Goodale admitted the transportation subsidy has to be dramatically
changed, he insisted the federal cabinet has not yet decided whether the $590
million will be entirely eliminated or redirected to grain producers.

Spokesmen for both CN and CP also said yesterday that they were unaware the
government had made the decision to eliminate their subsidies.

Last week, Young announced the federal government planned to reduce or eliminate
about $1.6 billion a year in direct transportation subsidies, but gave no
specifics.

Goodale yesterday announced that by next January the government will eliminate
grain transportation subsidies on grain shipped to the U.S., one of the key
trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. Export subsidies are illegal under
the North American Free Trade Agreement.

Transportation subsidies on southbound grain cost the government as much as
$360,000 a week, because grain producers ship their crops to Thunder Bay, Ont.,
to be eligible for the subsidy before shipping the grain back to the Prairies
and then south to the U.S.

''It is significant volume going in the wrong direction at great expense,''
Goodale said.

Besides eliminating the backhauling of grain, Goodale announced changes in a
number of other areas in a bid to reduce the shortage of grain cars in Canada.
Those include penalties on shippers that use grain cars for storage and the
possibility of withholding grain subsidies to the railroads if they do not
provide enough cars.

''I think the problem has been serious,'' said Prairie Pools Inc. chairman Ken
Edie. ''I think we are in much better position to respond if it happens again.''

The Japanese and Chinese governments have complained that they have been unable
to get deliveries of their promised Canadian wheat.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: RAILWAY GRANT ROW: The cut to the western grain transportation
subsidy totally surprised Agriculture Minister Goodale, who insisted no final
decision has yet been made on the issue.

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2004 The School of Law Texas Tech University
                             Texas Tech Law Review

                                  Winter, 2004

                            37 Tex. Tech L. Rev. 127

LENGTH: 28191 words

COMMENT: THE FREE TRADE AREA OF THE AMERICAS: IS IT SETTING THE STAGE FOR
SIGNIFICANT CHANGE IN U.S. AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDY USE?*





   * Selected as the Outstanding Book One Student Article by the Volume 35 Board
of Editors, to be published in Volume 37. The Outstanding Book One Student
Article Award, made possible by Kelly, Hart & Hallman, P.C., was presented to
the author William Petit.




NAME:
by William Petit

TEXT:
 [*127]

   I. Introduction


   Agricultural trade policy has long been enigmatic, often inexplicable, always
exasperating, and frequently counter to the long-term best interests of a
nation's own agriculturalists. For half a century, it has provided more  [*128]
distortions to the multilateral trading system than any other segment of the
global economy . . . . Why so many nations have worked so hard over so many
years to impede agricultural trade is almost beyond comprehension!


   -Clayton Yeutter, former U.S. Secretary of Agriculture n1


   The subject of agricultural subsidies has fueled heated debates in the
international community for many years. n2 That debate may again reach its peak
as the United States and thirty-three other countries continue to negotiate the
largest regional free trade agreement in the world. n3 If completed, the Free
Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA) will unite all of the economies of the Western
Hemisphere (except for the Cuban economy) by attempting to eliminate barriers to
trade and investment. n4 Unfortunately, tariff and non-tariff barriers to trade
have, in the past, successfully penetrated the provisions of free trade
agreements similar to the FTAA. n5 This comment focuses on the barrier of
agricultural subsidies. In short, agricultural subsidies are payments that a
government makes to private agricultural industries, businesses, or individuals
in order to supplement their income. n6


   The United States has given subsidies to its farmers for centuries. n7 One
motivating factor for such a policy is that governments everywhere "consider it
a prime responsibility to keep their citizens fed." n8 Another rationale in
favor of agricultural subsidies, especially in developing countries, is that
farmers are generally among the poorer segments of society and their governments
are more inclined to help them. n9 This, however, is not necessarily the case in
the United States. n10 In the United States, for example, most officials at the
Department of Agriculture, "along with many politicians, are still using the
family farm myth to continue subsidizing some of the nation's wealthiest people
in the lifestyle to which they have become accustomed." n11 Many  [*129]
scholars believe that by subsidizing its farmers the United States has
exacerbated problems in developing nations. n12 Studies show that farmers in
developing nations have lost the ability to compete, and as a result, they have
been forced to leave their fields. n13


   Consequently, as FTAA negotiations continue, a major issue for the developing
countries of the Western Hemisphere is U.S. agricultural subsidies. n14 Both
developing countries and the United States insist on the reduction of its
subsidies; however, as the recent failure of the World Trade Organization's
(WTO) Cancun meetings indicate, reaching an agreement on the types, extent, and
timing of reductions may be difficult to obtain. n15


   With or without an FTAA in 2005, the time has come for the United States to
significantly reduce or eliminate its agricultural subsidies. Since 1986, the
government's use of agricultural subsidies has cost the American people over $
370 billion. n16 In addition, "the [U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA)] found
that Americans paid 12 percent more [for food] than if there were no farm
programs at all." n17


   As much as these numbers indicate problems in the United States, they also
suggest equally devastating effects for the international community. n18 Most of
these subsidies significantly distort the global economy. n19 Therefore,
developing countries experience the effects of the United States' domestic
agricultural policies. n20 A study by the USDA found that if agricultural
[*130]  subsidies were phased out, developing countries would see annual gains
of up to $ 21 billion. n21


   In developing this argument, this comment begins in Part II by describing the
background and giving a brief history of subsidies in the United States. n22
This section analyzes trends in agricultural subsidy use and provides an
introduction to recent U.S. legislation dealing with the agriculture industry.
n23 Part III defines the specific subsidies that this comment covers. n24 This
section discusses both domestic support measures and export subsidies and
describes how they distort the domestic and global economies. n25 Part IV
analyzes current international trade regulations with regard to agricultural
subsidies and explains how those regulations are flawed. n26 This comment
emphasizes the importance of particular agreements that exist within the WTO
structure such as the Subsidy/Countervailing Measure (SCM) Agreement and the
Uruguay Round Agreement on Agriculture (AoA). n27 Lastly, Part V addresses the
likelihood of an FTAA in 2005 and the future of U.S. agricultural subsidy use.
n28


   II. A Brief History of Agricultural Subsidies in the United States


   Subsidies come in all shapes and sizes. n29 In general, a subsidy is "a form
of government support extended to an economic sector (or institution, business,
or individual), generally with the aim of promoting an activity that the
government considers beneficial to the economy overall and to society at large."
n30 As this definition indicates, governments everywhere distribute subsidies to
many sectors of the economy with good intentions. n31 The U.S. government, for
example, subsidizes the postal system to enable uniform postage rates everywhere
in the country. n32 Without this subsidy, letters "sent to the remote parts of
Alaska would cost fifty times more than a letter sent within New York City." n33

     [*131]

   Not all subsidies, however, remain beneficial to society. n34 In the United
States, the government's use of subsidies expanded during the beginning of the
twentieth century in order to curb the effects of World Wars I and II as well as
the Great Depression. n35 Eventually, many "New Deal" subsidies achieved their
objectives and later became unnecessary and distortional. n36 Instead of cutting
back on those programs, Congress, more often than not, expanded them. n37
According to Brian Finegan in The Federal Subsidy Beast, one reason for the
expansion is that "[s]ubsidies attract people like picnics attract flies." n38
In other words, subsidies create their own constituencies, and once created, the
constituencies and the funds available to them expand because more people feel
that the subsidy programs target their problems. n39 As such, subsidy programs
generally provide larger funds for many more people than Congress originally
intended. n40 These larger constituencies have the ability to exert tremendous
political power, which assures "program immortality." n41


   The trend, therefore, is that subsidies seldom end, "while new ones are added
regularly by Congress" when new needs arise. n42 Lyndon Johnson's War on Poverty
addressed new needs in the 1960s. n43 With Johnson's Great Society programs, "
subsidies became the primary business of the U.S. government." n44 In reality,
every new administration brings with it new government supported programs. n45
The result is that government subsidy programs affect arguably every person and
every aspect of society in the United States. n46

     [*132]

   Agricultural subsidies are a prime example of the subsidy trend as they were
introduced early in U.S. history. n47 In 1816, the U.S. government provided a
subsidy to sugar farmers who could not compete with foreign competition. n48
Consequently, American consumers paid double the world market price for domestic
sugar in order to benefit a few hundred plantation farmers. n49 Instead of
eventually eliminating or reducing the sugar subsidy, Congress expanded the
program for two centuries, authorizing funding to more and more farmers. n50
"[B]etween 1980 and 1988, the sugar subsidy program cost American consumers and
taxpayers about $ 2 million for each domestic sugar grower[,]" which is a cost
that the Commerce Department estimates to be about $ 3 billion each year. n51


   During the 1980s, the U.S. government found itself spending "massive amounts"
of money on all kinds of agricultural subsidies. n52 By 1986, for example, the
United States spent around $ 25 billion on price and income supports for its
farmers. n53 During that time, the United States began to recognize the problems
associated with its agricultural policies. n54 Namely, "a system of commodity
price supports stimulates overproduction and costly competition." n55 As a
result, the United States became interested in reaching international trade
agreements that call for domestic and export subsidy restrictions. n56


   Nevertheless, Congress continues to provide subsidies for countless farm
products besides sugar. n57 In fact, reports show that the U.S. government spent
at least $ 17.7 billion in 1996 on agricultural subsidies. n58 The reason for
this continuous subsidization of farmers despite knowledge of the subsidies'
harmful effects is simple: "[f]armers have become extremely powerful  [*133]
politically, leaving governments with the impression that to reduce agricultural
subsidies would be to forfeit a pivotal part of the electorate." n59


   Recently, Congress attempted to reduce the amount of subsidies that it gives
to U.S. farmers, which is a shift in policy towards greater market
liberalization. n60 In 1996, Congress passed the Freedom to Farm Act (Farm Act).
n61 Among other things, Congress designed the Farm Act to phase down subsidy
payments to farmers during a seven-year period, authorizing $ 36 billion over
that span. n62 The bill, however, has "done just the opposite." n63 Critics cite
clauses within the bill that allowed for emergency payments to farmers that
supplemented reduced subsidies in times of need. n64 Under the Farm Act,
Congress frequently awarded generous emergency and disaster payments to farmers.
n65 "Congressmen justified giving 'emergency' aid to crop farmers because of low
wheat and corn prices." n66 However, aid was also given to dairy farmers at a
time when dairy prices were at an all-time high. n67 In an article entitled
Freedom to Farm Washington, James Bovard concluded that the emergency payments
"permit[ted] politicians to inflate subsidies whenever they need[ed] to buy
votes." n68 Given that Congress doled out approximately $ 15 billion to farmers
very close to the November 1998 elections, Bovard's conclusion seems sound. n69


   In the seven years covered by the Farm Act, 1996-2002, Congress subsidized
farmers to the tune of $ 92 billion, almost triple the amount originally
authorized under the Act. n70 In response to the failed attempt to reduce the
subsidies given to U.S. farmers, President George W. Bush and Congress passed
the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 (Farm Bill). n71 Unlike the
provisions of the Farm Act, the U.S. government will explicitly provide enormous
subsidy payments to farmers under the Farm Bill of 2002 for a period of ten
years. n72 During this span, the Farm Bill requires  [*134]  American taxpayers
to shoulder the burden of paying at least $ 190 billion to U.S. farmers. n73


   Proponents of the Farm Act and the 2002 Farm Bill consistently argue that the
legislation "will promote farmer independence, and preserve the farm way of life
for generations. It helps America's farmers, and therefore, it helps Americans."
n74 But, neither the Farm Act nor the Farm Bill of 2002 achieves the goal of
helping small family farmers. n75 In fact,


   [a]ccording to Bill Christison, President of the National Family Farm
Coalition and the Missouri Rural Crisis Center, losers in the new farm bill are
the nation's independent family farmers who are struggling to stay on their
farms and the taxpayers who will be footing the bill for record high payment
levels. n76


   The reason independent family farmers fail to benefit from the subsidy
payments is simple. n77 Those benefits are going to agribusinesses whose
lobbying efforts greatly influence Congress. n78 As one analyst explains,
"[f]urther subsidizing well-heeled agribusiness interests will also ensure the
continued exodus of independent family farmers from the land. Taxpayer money
will bankroll the nation's largest farmers, helping them buy up struggling
neighboring family farms and creating a 'plantation effect' that turns
independent farmers into sharecroppers." n79 Furthermore, U.S. agricultural
subsidies have historically only been given to farmers of certain commodities
including the following: wheat, corn, cotton, sugar, dairy products, soybeans,
and barley to name a few. n80 Farmers of "nonfavored"  [*135]  crops generally
do not receive any aid. n81 Therefore, agribusinesses that farm "favored" crops
receive windfall payments. n82


   The Farm Bill of 2002 "reverses the policy shift towards greater market
liberalization," which was the goal of the 1996 Farm Act. n83 Now, not only are
independent family farmers in the United States harmed, but so too are farmers
throughout the world. n84 Analysts explain that "the sheer size of the level of
support provided under the [Farm Bill of 2002]. ..would be particularly damaging
to Developing Countries, many of which rely heavily on their agricultural
sectors for economic development." n85 Moreover, a large component of the 2002
Farm Bill concerns export trade. n86 Subsidizing domestic farmers creates a
surplus in certain products. n87 Under the Farm Bill, the U.S. government spent
more than $ 100 million in 2002 in an effort to open up export markets for those
surplus products. n88 Because developing countries cannot compete with the
enormous U.S. subsidies, their market shares of those same products necessarily
diminish. n89 The following section explains how U.S. agricultural policies,
like the Farm Bill, adversely affect the domestic and international economies
and concludes that such policies must be reformed. n90


   III. Agricultural Subsidies and Their Effects on the Domestic and
International Economies


   Because of new U.S. legislation dealing with the agricultural industry,
agricultural subsidies remain controversial issues in the United States and
abroad. n91 Because the U.S. government subsidizes its farmers in many different
ways, it is necessary to analyze specific subsidies that receive the most blame
for providing the distortional effects in the domestic and international arenas.
n92 In general, there are two categories of subsidies at issue  [*136]  today,
"domestic support" and "export subsidies." n93 Domestic support is a broad
category that includes many specific types of subsidies. n94 This comment
focuses on only two, "market price supports" and "deficiency payments." n95 An
export subsidy, on the other hand, is a narrower category of subsidy that most
countries recognize as highly trade distorting. n96 The category can be divided
into "de jure" and "de facto" export subsidies, which are discussed in detail in
the following sections. n97


   A. Domestic Support


   Governments grant domestic support "'for the benefit of products regardless
of whether those products are exported or not.'" n98 Through the development of
Free Trade Agreements (FTAs), the international trading regime has coined
different terms to identify these types of subsidies: production subsidies,
domestic subsidies, and domestic support. n99 While these terms vary slightly in
meaning, the real difference among them is scope. n100 Domestic support is the
broadest of the three terms and, of the three, is most used in current FTAs.
n101 This comment uses the term "domestic support" to refer to all three
concepts. The term includes subsidies that governments grant "irrespective of
export considerations." n102


   Governments provide domestic support to the agricultural sector in a number
of ways. n103 As a means to support farmers and their products, "governments
guarantee a certain level of income for their agricultural producers." n104
Governments accomplish this by "either setting minimum artificial prices on the
market which are higher than world market prices or through direct budgetary
transfers to agricultural producers." n105 The former,  [*137]  which this
comment terms market price supports, "is perhaps the oldest and most commonly
used form of agricultural domestic support." n106 This comment refers to the
latter as deficiency payments. n107


   1. Market Price Supports


   Subsidizing countries widely use market price supports to benefit the
agricultural sector. n108 Governments do so through "market orders," which allow
farmers and governments to set minimum prices for their agricultural products.
n109 By setting these prices, governments intervene directly in the market and
prevent market forces from operating. n110 In other industries in the United
States, this type of market intervention would be against the law. n111


   According to Finnegan, the U.S. government began using market orders in the
1930s in the dairy industry. n112 "[T]hese 'marketing orders' allow[ed] dairy
farmers to set up cartels to control prices. Over the years, the USDA has set up
similar cartels for the producers of walnuts, raisins, hops, lemons, oranges,
and other fruits and vegetables." n113 By having minimum prices for these
products, the U.S. government artificially increases the domestic price of the
products to certain levels which exceed the world price of those same products
in order to ensure a certain level of income for domestic farmers. n114


   Harmful consequences necessarily result from these practices. n115 Most
directly, consumers in the United States pay more for agricultural products than
consumers in many other countries. n116 Because of the minimum prices set on
dairy products, consumers actually pay this subsidy directly to dairy farmers,
"rather than through taxes." n117 The Federal Milk Marketing Order (FMMO) is a
great example of a market price support. n118 Enacted in 1937, the FMMO set the
price of milk for U.S. consumers "based on the distance from  [*138]  Eau
Claire, Wisconsin." n119 In 1937, Wisconsin farmers produced most of the
nation's milk, and at that time, refrigeration and transportation costs greatly
exceeded what they are now. n120 Although California presently produces most of
the nation's milk, the 1937 FMMO pricing system still exists. n121 Because of
the outdated pricing system, consumers "in Texas and Florida paid 30 to 35 cents
more per gallon for locally produced milk than those in Wisconsin and Minnesota"
in 1998. n122 On a national scale, the USDA estimates that consumers subsidize
dairy farmers $ 2.7 billion annually because of the FMMO pricing system. n123


   In the case of dairy products, and many other agricultural products for that
matter, one harmful effect of a domestic price support like the FMMO leads to
other harmful effects. n124 Because domestic price supports allow minimum prices
and "higher returns for the domestic producer, they are an artificial inducement
to production and result in domestic supply exceeding domestic demand." n125 The
USDA recognizes this effect as it continues to subsidize dairy farmers through
the FMMO. n126 A stated objective and benefit of the FMMO pricing system is that
it "assures consumers of an adequate supply of milk to meet their needs
throughout the year." n127 The FMMO not only meets consumers' need for milk, but
it also greatly exceeds that need. n128 In 1933, Congress enacted the
Agriculture Adjustment Act, which requires the federal government to purchase
all the dairy products that farmers produced each year that are in excess of
domestic needs. n129 As a result, "[t]hrough 1995, the USDA was still purchasing
eight to [ten] billion pounds of surplus dairy products annually." n130 Eight to
ten billion pounds of surplus dairy products is down from the eleven billion
pounds that the government purchased annually during the 1980s, which cost
American taxpayers an estimated $ 65 billion during that ten year period. n131

     [*139]

   Once the government purchases surplus agricultural products, it then has to
decide what to do with them. n132 Instead of eliminating the cause of the
oversupply, n133 governments typically try to export the excess production. n134
Exportation, however, requires governments to further subsidize the agricultural
product because the government has intentionally kept the domestic price of the
product at a higher level than the world market price of the same product. n135
These export subsidies significantly affect the world market price, and
consequently, other trading nations. n136 Part III.B further discusses export
subsidies and their effects. n137


   One last major effect that domestic price supports have is that they often
lead to other restrictive measures such as tariffs and quotas. n138 Domestic
support measures aim to support the domestic farmer by setting minimum prices
for products. n139 Because foreign farmers who wish to import their products due
to high domestic prices would undermine that objective, governments restrict the
importation of the products that they subsidize. n140 Thus, one can reasonably
conclude that "'[p]rice intervention and a certain degree of isolation from the
world market . . . go hand in hand.'" n141


   The dairy industry also provides an example of an import subsidy quota. n142
In order to protect domestic dairy farmers and the market order price, Congress
has in the past placed an import quota on dairy products. n143 "The effect of
the import quota is to shield farmers from competition, thereby allowing them to
charge higher prices." n144 Again, consumers pay this subsidy directly to
domestic dairy farmers because Congress restricted the benefits that result from
increased competition. n145 The USDA estimates that this decreased competition
or "import quota subsidy costs Americans between five and seven billion dollars
per year." n146

     [*140]

   2. Deficiency Payments


   Deficiency payments are a form of domestic support that the government pays
directly to farmers. n147 In making these payments, the government sets a price
called the "producer price" for particular agricultural products "at a level
considered fair and remunerative to the producer." n148 But in deficiency
payment programs, the consumer does not pay the producer price. n149 The
consumer pays a price that market forces determine (i.e., the market price).
n150 The government, on the other hand, makes a deficiency payment that is the
difference between the producer price and the market price. n151


   Differences between deficiency payments and market price supports make
deficiency payments a less harmful form of domestic support. n152 First, the
market determines the price that consumers pay for agricultural products. n153
Second, governments are not inclined to impose import restrictions on those
products that receive domestic deficiency payments. n154 Farmers who import
their products at cheaper prices will only affect the market price, not the
producer price that the government set for the benefit of the domestic farmer.
n155 On the other hand, farmers who receive government support through
deficiency payments benefit from overproduction. n156 Basically, "the amount
transferred to each producer ultimately depends on the amount it brings to the
market." n157 Consequently, deficiency payments lead to overproduction and
inefficient production, which have the same adverse effects on international
trade as market price supports. n158


   The 2002 Farm Bill provides the latest example of deficiency payments to
farmers. n159 Pursuant to Title I, producers of at least nine commodities are
eligible for "Counter-Cyclical Payments"-payments that the government pays to
producers when the market price of a "covered commodity is less than the target
price for the covered commodity." n160 The supplemental income  [*141]
encourages farmers of covered commodities to overproduce. n161 Exportation of
the surplus covered commodity follows, which as Part III.B illustrates, "further
jeopardize[s] the livelihoods" of farmers around the world. n162


   B. Export Subsidies


   The practice of providing price supports to domestic farmers almost
inevitably leads to a government's use of export subsidies. n163 By providing
domestic price supports, governments are intentionally increasing the price of
domestic agricultural products, "thus encouraging surplus production." n164 Once
a grower produces an agricultural product in a quantity beyond that needed for
domestic consumption, a producer can no longer export the product because its
artificial domestic price is higher than its world market price. n165 Therefore,
governments give export subsidies to protect the farming industry from loss.
n166 If the export subsidies were not given, the domestic grower would lose the
potential sale of the agricultural product, which would lead to waste. n167


   A simple definition of export subsidies is any kind of "government incentive
[program] that favor[s] export sales over domestic sales." n168 In essence,
governments provide funds to exporters so they can sell goods in the
international market cheaper than those same goods are sold at home. n169 The
wheat industry in the United States during the 1980s and 90s provides a good
example of export subsidy use. n170 "Since 1985, more than one-half of all
American wheat has been exported, and more than half of those exports have
received [Export Enhancement Program (EEP)] subsidies." n171 Through the EEP,
the U.S. government buys wheat from American farmers at an inflated domestic
price. n172 The government, in turn, sells the wheat to "agribusinesses for
about one-third the world market price," who then sell it in the international
market. n173 Foreign countries who buy the U.S. wheat from those producers
receiving the EEP subsidy do so at a price lower than the world  [*142]  market
price and much lower than the U.S. domestic price of wheat. n174 Essentially,
American taxpayers are paying for subsidies that benefit both the exporters and
the foreign buyers, as well as the production subsidies they financed that
allowed for the overproduction of wheat in the first place. n175


   The issue of export subsidies has been a subject of international trade
agreements beginning with the Charter of the International Trade Organization
(ITO) in the mid 1940s. n176 Although the ITO failed, regulations on export
subsidies have found their way into numerous subsequent agreements. n177 Today,
some regulations exist that limit a trading nation's use of export subsidies in
the agricultural industry. n178 In general, those regulations focus on de jure
export subsidies while de facto export subsidies go unregulated. n179 This
section describes both de jure and de facto export subsidies and explains how
they have similar effects on the international marketplace. n180


   1. De Jure Export Subsidies


   Governments that give de jure export subsidies do so by making the subsidy
"explicitly contingent upon export performance" through appropriate legislation.
n181 A de jure export subsidy is easy to prove because its existence is shown
"through 'the words of the relevant legislation, regulation or other legal
instrument.'" n182 The previously discussed EEP is an example of a de jure
export subsidy. n183 On its face, one can deduce that the "Export Enhancement
Program" provides subsidies to the farming sector contingent upon the
exportation of a particular agricultural product or commodity. n184 Originally
in 1990, Congress established the EEP as a response to unfair trade practices of
foreign countries. n185 However, Congress amended the law, which now states that
"[a]ctivities under the program shall not be limited to responses to unfair
trade practices." n186 The program provides relief, which the  [*143]
government pays either in cash or in the equivalent protected commodity. n187
Pursuant to the program, the government can spend up to $ 478 million "for each
of fiscal years 2002 through 2007." n188


   FTAs do recognize and regulate de jure export subsidies like the EEP. n189
When governments violate export subsidy regulations, trade wars frequently occur
because FTAs, like the WTO, allow for governments to use "countervailing duties"
in response to unfair trade practices. n190 For instance, Congress originally
passed the EEP in response to "the EU's export restitutions." n191 In order to
prevent reactionary trade restrictions, many governments disguise their export
supports by making "the subsidy irrespective of export performance
considerations." n192 These subsidies, alternatively, may become de facto export
subsidies. n193


   2. De Facto Export Subsidies


   A de facto export subsidy is contingent "in fact" upon export performance
alone. n194 Governments use these subsidies to circumvent export subsidy
prohibitions. n195 In response to this practice, drafters include provisions in
FTAs that recognize and prohibit these types of subsidies. n196 For example,
footnote 4 to Article 3.1(a) of the Subsidy- Countervailing Measure (SCM)
Agreement states that a de facto export subsidy exists when "the facts
demonstrate that the granting of a subsidy, without having been made legally
contingent upon export performance, is in fact tied to actual or anticipated
exportation or export earnings." n197 However, a caveat following this statement
leads to difficulties in identifying de facto export subsidies. n198 The caveat
reads: "The mere fact that a subsidy is granted to enterprises which export
shall not for that reason alone be considered to be an export  [*144]  subsidy .
. . ." n199 This statement's intent was to protect export economies whose
companies must export to survive. n200


   The corn trade between the United States and Mexico provides a great example
of the conflict over what constitutes a de facto export subsidy. n201 The United
States claims that it does not use any export subsidies in the corn industry.
n202 However, according to a study by Oxfam International, U.S. agricultural
policies like the 2002 Farm Bill constitute de facto export subsidies that fund
the exportation of corn to Mexico by $ 105 million to $ 145 million annually.
n203 Oxfam explains that huge government payments that U.S. corn producers
receive each year "influenc[e] domestic production, and therefore determine
export volumes and prices." n204


   Corn is an extremely important crop in the United States, and not
surprisingly the U.S. corn industry "is the largest single recipient of [U.S.]
government payments." n205 In fact, in 2000, even before the Farm Bill of 2002,
the U.S. government subsidized corn farmers $ 10.1 billion. n206 The majority of
those subsidies were indirectly linked to production. n207 They were linked to
land area and past output. n208 Therefore, the more land that farmers had and
the amount of corn that farmers previously produced determined the amount of
government payments they would receive in the future. n209 These policies
encouraged farmers, usually agribusinesses, to buy more land to farm and to
produce more corn hoping that their present production would trigger more
subsidies in the future. n210 The 2002 Farm Bill more directly linked subsidies
with production through the "counter-cyclical" or deficiency payments. n211 As
such,  [*145]  farmers became more inclined to overproduce. n212 In all, these
policies allow U.S. corn to represent seventy percent of the world market share
of corn production, making the United States "the largest exporter of corn both
globally and to Mexico." n213


   "With [seventy percent] of the world market share, the sheer volume of corn
exports from the [United States] means that the [U.S.] export price influences
world prices, and prices in key markets such as Mexico, that are open to imports
from the [United States]." n214 In fact, because of government subsidies, the
United States can export corn to Mexico at prices twenty percent lower than the
cost of producing the corn at home. n215 These prices, together with the volume
of exported corn from the United States, necessarily cause the world price of
corn to fall dramatically. n216 In Mexico alone, U.S. subsidies have caused corn
prices to fall by seventy percent. n217 The consequences that these subsidies
have on Mexico and its corn farmers are unconscionable. n218


   As already indicated, Oxfam reports that the United States subsidizes its
export corn to Mexico by over $ 100 million annually. n219 That number "exceeds
the total household income of the 250,000 corn farmers in the state of Chiapas."
n220 Those same farmers are increasingly becoming less able to compete. n221
"They are competing not against [U.S.] farmers, but against [U.S.] taxpayers and
the world's most powerful treasury." n222 As a result, Mexican corn farmers are
leaving their fields by the thousands. n223 From the village of Comalapas,
Chiapas in southern Mexico, "at least 300,000 Mexican workers are forced to
immigrate to the [United States] every year." n224 The U.S. subsidies force the
Mexican farmers and workers who do not leave to provide for their families using
the meekest of incomes. n225 Their families' food supply, healthcare, and
education suffer. n226 Moreover, farmers are increasingly being forced to sell
their corn harvests, a part of which they would normally save for their
families' own consumption. n227

     [*146]

   Because of U.S. subsidies, the crisis facing Mexican corn farmers is the same
crisis that farmers in developing countries face throughout the world. n228
Cotton growers in Africa, for example, cannot compete with cotton growers in the
United States who received half of their income last year from the U.S.
government under the Farm Bill of 2002. n229 The deficiency payments, in
particular, stimulated overproduction and resulted in a record harvest of 9.74
billion pounds of cotton in 2002, much of which was dumped on the world market.
n230 That much cotton depressed world prices to an extent "far below the
breakeven price of most growers around the world." n231 Farmers in Africa, for
instance, received thirty-five to forty cents per pound for cotton, while U.S.
cotton growers, backed by government-deficiency payments that make up for market
prices, received seventy to seventy-five cents per pound. n232 African nations,
like other developing countries, must be able to export their principal
commodities to survive. n233 But, "[e]ven the World Bank President, James
Wolfensohn, acknowledges that 'these [U.S.] subsidies are crippling Africa's
chance to export its way out of poverty.'" n234


   The United States is able to subsidize its farmers so extensively because it
does so consistently with current international trade regulations at the WTO.
n235 "The problem is that the WTO regulations relating to agriculture are deeply
flawed. They fail to acknowledge that transfers to producers include a de facto
export subsidy." n236 Basically, the extent of domestic support that U.S.
farmers receive greatly influences production, results in high-volume
exportation, depresses world prices, and causes the economies of developing
countries throughout the world to suffer. n237 The following sections analyze
international trade regulations under the WTO and discuss possible solutions
that negotiators of the FTAA have proposed. n238

     [*147]

   IV. Current International Trade Regulations of Agricultural Subsidies Under
the WTO


   The WTO emerged from the Uruguay Round negotiations (1986-94) held by the
member countries of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT), which was
created in 1947. n239 The Uruguay Round negotiations were significant, not only
because of the emergence of the WTO, but also because the negotiations marked
the first time that the agricultural sector stepped into the spotlight of a
multilateral trading regime. n240 Historically, the GATT introduced provisions
that regulated subsidies, but agricultural subsides were always an exception to
the rule because the GATT allowed participating countries free control over
their agricultural industries. n241 In 1986, however, GATT member countries
expressed "'an urgent need to bring more discipline and predictability to world
agricultural trade.'" n242 Led by the United States, countries around the world
negotiated the WTO agreements during the Uruguay Round and produced a system of
complex rules and regulations with regard to both export and domestic subsidies.
n243


   Specifically, the WTO regulations that affect the agriculture industry are
embodied in the AoA. n244 In order to fully understand the scope of the AoA, an
assessment of its counterpart, the SCM Agreement, is necessary. n245 After
describing both the SCM and AoA Agreements, this section discusses post-Uruguay
Round developments in agricultural trade, ending with the failure of the WTO's
Cancun Round. n246


   A. The Subsidy Countervailing Measure Agreement


   The SCM Agreement is the WTO's "generic agreement regarding subsidies." n247
Its rules and regulations control the use of all subsidies, except as provided
in the AoA. n248 The AoA is the primary source of authority with  [*148]  regard
to agricultural products, but a study of the SCM Agreement is necessary because
details of the AoA are described and defined in the SCM Agreement. n249 "This .
. . means that loopholes within the subsidies provisions of the [AoA] are filled
primarily by resorting to relevant provisions of the SCM Agreement." n250


   Within the SCM Agreement, the multilateral trading system defined the concept
of subsidies for the first time and that definition is not found in any other
WTO agreement, including the AoA. n251 According to the SCM Agreement, "the
definition contains three basic elements: (i) a financial contribution (ii) by a
government or any public body within the territory of a Member (iii) which
confers a benefit." n252 For a subsidy to exist, all three elements must be
satisfied and the financial contribution must actually cause the benefit. n253


   Likewise, the SCM Agreement introduced for the first time the ideas of de
jure and de facto export subsidies to the multilateral trading regime. n254 As
explained in Part III.B.1, a de jure export subsidy, like the EEP, "is one in
which the granting of the subsidy is made explicitly contingent upon export
performance and the conditionality element is stipulated in a legal instrument."
n255 A de facto export subsidy, on the other hand, is contingent in fact upon
export performance alone. n256 Under the SCM Agreement, all de jure and de facto
export subsidies are prohibited-with the exception of agricultural export
subsidies, which are regulated by the AoA. n257 What is of particular importance
is that the SCM's description of export subsidies is also applicable in the AoA.
n258 Therefore, the AoA recognizes that both de jure and  [*149]  de facto
export subsidies exist and are detrimental to the multilateral trading system.
n259


   The SCM Agreement also contains provisions that regulate domestic support.
n260 Article 5 of the Agreement reads, "No Member should cause, through the use
of any subsidy referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 1, adverse effects
to the interests of other Members." n261 "Any" subsidy would necessarily include
domestic support, except those that are explicitly exempted under the SCM
Agreement. n262 Not surprisingly, "agricultural domestic support measures have
been largely excluded from the [SCM] Agreement and delegated to the [AoA]." n263
As such, domestic support in the agriculture industry largely remains
unregulated. n264


   In sum, the SCM Agreement is useful when there are gaps in the provisions of
the AoA. n265 SCM provisions, like the subsidy definition, fill those gaps and
allow for a better understanding of the AoA. n266


   B. The Uruguay Round Agreement on Agriculture


   The emergence of an Agreement on Agriculture was quite possibly the single
greatest achievement of the Uruguay Round negotiations. n267 In fact, the United
States and several other countries "'insisted that there would be an agreement
on agriculture or no agreement at all.'" n268 Nevertheless, while the fact that
the AoA emerged is encouraging, the AoA's failure to liberalize international
agricultural trade is disheartening. n269 "Even today, agriculture is a class in
itself . . . ." n270 The AoA explicitly permits export subsidies in the
agricultural sector, and it still shields "a number of trade-distortive
agricultural domestic support measures. ..from the remedies of the exemplary
dispute settlement system of the WTO." n271 This section analyzes the flaws of
AoA regulations in two parts, those relating to export subsidies and those
relating to domestic support. n272

     [*150]

   1. Export Subsidy Regulations Under the Agreement on Agriculture


   The AoA, with regard to both export subsidies and domestic support, is "an
agreement with very modest ambitions." n273 A comparison between the regulations
on export subsidies found in the SCM Agreement and relevant regulations in the
AoA demonstrates those ambitions well. n274 As explained in Part IV.A, the SCM
Agreement and the AoA define export subsidies equally, and while the SCM
Agreement flatly prohibits export subsidies, the AoA's regulations on export
subsidies fall short. n275


   Generally speaking, export subsidies of agricultural products are subject to
reduction commitments under the AoA. n276 The AoA calculated reduction
commitments by establishing a "base period," which is a reference point from
which the level of export subsidies that governments give is reduced by a
percentage each year. n277 For the purposes of export subsidies, the AoA set the
base period from 1986 through 1990. n278 The AoA then required each Member
country to make two different calculations. n279 The first calculation was based
on the amount, or value, of export subsidies given to specific agricultural
products for each year of the base period. n280 The second calculation was based
on the quantity of agricultural exports that benefitted from those same
subsidies in each year of the base period. n281 The annual average of both the
"budgeted amount" and the "quantity benefitted" during the base period
constituted the base amount and base quantity from which the reduction
commitments would start. n282


   In other words, the AoA requires Member countries to reduce the value of
export subsidies that they give for specific agricultural products. n283 It also
requires Member countries to reduce the volume of exported products that benefit
from those same export subsidies. n284 The average annual value and the  [*151]
average annual volume during the base period provide the benchmark from which
the reduction commitments begin. n285


   The AoA required that Member countries reduce the value of agricultural
export subsidies by a mere thirty-six percent and the volume of subsidized
agricultural exports by only twenty-one percent. n286 The reduction commitments
were "to be implemented over a period of six years in equal annual
instal[l]ments" beginning in 1995. n287 Member countries met their reduction
commitments at the end of 2000, which resulted in only modest reductions in the
amount of specific export subsidies worldwide. n288


   To make matters worse, the AoA does not include many de facto export
subsidies in the reduction commitment calculations. n289 For instance, according
to the Oxfam report cited in Part III.B.2, the subsidies that the U.S.
government gives to corn producers include de facto export subsidies. n290 Oxfam
formed this conclusion by using two separate tests that the WTO should use in
calculating export subsidies. n291 The Oxfam methods for determining export
subsidies are as follows:


   1 Cost of production versus export price: the difference between the cost of
producing corn and the price at which it is exported. This calculation of the
'dumping margin,' or the amount by which corn is subsidized for export, can then
be applied to the volume of exports . . . .


   2 Domestic payments: the 'implicit' subsidy: the amount of money provided in
government payments per unit of corn production in the United States. This is
multiplied by the volume of production exported . . . to provide an estimate of
the subsidy that is implicit in exports to that country. n292


   By using these two tests, Oxfam concluded that the United States subsidizes
its exported corn to Mexico by $ 105 million to $ 145 million annually. n293
But, these de facto export subsidies are not subject to any reduction
commitments under the AoA regulations regarding export subsidies. n294 And, as
the following section indicates, the United States does not have to reduce the
[*152]  domestic payments to corn producers that form the de facto export
subsidies under the AoA regulations on domestic support. n295


   2. Domestic Support Regulations Under the Agreement on Agriculture


    Governments provide domestic support to the agricultural sector in a number
of different ways because the support represents "a vast range and number of
government policies." n296 Many of those government policies are "perfectly
justifiable." n297 For example, many governments provide funding for
agricultural research and development and that funding has little, if any,
distortional effect on the global economy. n298 As such, the AoA's regulations
of domestic support attempted to differentiate between trade distorting and
non-trade distorting subsidies. n299 A classification system emerged, in which
all domestic support measures were put in one of three-colored categories based
on the subsidies' trade distorting capacity. n300


   The AoA terms the three-colored categories "amber box," "blue box," and
"green box." n301 Amber box domestic support includes those subsidies that the
AoA considers "highly trade-distortive and hence subject to reduction
commitments." n302 An example of an amber box subsidy is the market price
support. n303 As explained in Part III.A.1, governments grant market price
supports by establishing a minimum domestic price for certain agricultural
products that is higher than the world price. n304 By establishing a high
minimum price, governments encourage domestic producers to overproduce, creating
the need for high-volume exportation at prices lower than the world price and
much lower than the domestic price of the product. n305 Obviously, this practice
is highly trade distortive and thus, subject to reduction commitments under the
AoA. n306


   The AoA considers blue box measures as less trade-distortive and,
consequently, subjects them to "production-limiting conditions" that do not need
reduction commitments. n307 An example of a blue box measure is a deficiency
payment. n308 Part III.A.2 explained that deficiency payments are  [*153]
direct government payments to producers that are based on the difference between
a desired price and the prevailing market price. n309 Under the AoA, these
deficiency payments are only subject to production-limiting conditions. n310
According to the agreement, production-limiting conditions include basing the
payments on the quantity of acres rather than the amount of product that
results. n311 Moreover, the AoA considers basing deficiency payments on
eighty-five percent of a fixed production level a condition that is "production
limiting." n312 In other words, a government can "'make the size of [deficiency]
payments directly dependent on the volume of production, so long as it is on no
more than [eighty-five percent] of the production in the base period.'" n313
Therefore, blue box measures are not subject to reduction commitments, and at
the same time, do not really limit production at all. n314 By giving blue box
deficiency payments, governments are still encouraging farmers to produce well
in excess of domestic consumption, thus leading again to exportation. n315 This
fact led one critic to suggest that "the 'blue box' has always been some kind of
'an anomaly that does not fit the overall spirit of the Agreement on
Agriculture.'" n316


   Lastly, green box measures require no discipline at all under the agreement
because the AoA considers them to have no, or minimal, impact on trade. n317
Annex 2 of the AoA lists many domestic support measures that fall into this
category. n318 Many of them are perfectly justifiable measures of domestic
support. n319 These include payments for "Government Service Program[s]," which
include "research . . . in connection with environmental program[s], . . .
research program[s] relating to particular products[,] and infrastructural
services" like "electricity reticulation, roads and other means of transport."
n320 Other justifiable measures of domestic support are payments for "[d]omestic
food aid," which are expenditures on domestic foods for the benefit of the needy
domestic population. n321


   Aside from the flaws found in the AoA classification system, a serious
problem exists relating to the AoA's reduction commitments on domestic  [*154]
support. n322 As previously noted, amber box domestic support measures are
subject to reduction commitments. n323 The AoA calculates the reduction
commitments based on each country's Aggregate Measure of Support (AMS). n324 The
AMS is "the monetary expression of the size of annual transfers made for the
benefit of agricultural producers." n325 The transfers can either be "product
specific," which is given to producers of a single product, or non-product-
specific, given to agricultural producers in general. n326 All of these
transfers together, with the exception of Annex 2 green box measures, make up a
country's AMS. n327 Therefore, a country's market price supports- amber box
measures-and deficiency payments-blue box measures-help to form that country's
total AMS. n328


   To calculate each country's reduction percentage, the AoA found a "[b]ase
[t]otal AMS," from which the reductions would begin. n329 The base total AMS was
each country's average AMS for the years 1986 through 1988. n330 After
determining that figure, the AoA implemented subsequent reduction commitments
that lasted from 1995 to 2000. n331 By 2000, each country was to reduce their
amber box measures by twenty percent of the base total AMS. The AoA called this
the "[f]inal [b]ound [c]ommitment [l]evel." n332


   For each year of the implementation period, the AoA calculated each country's
"current total AMS," which is "the actual amount of support provided during that
year," to see if each country was meeting its progressive reduction commitments.
n333 However, the AoA based these calculations differently than those that made
up the base total AMS, the final bound commitment level, and the commitment
level for each year in between (called the "annual bound commitment level").
n334 Article 6.1 of the AoA provided that a country's current total AMS includes
all measures of domestic support in the agricultural sector "with the exception
of domestic measures which are not subject to reduction in terms of the criteria
set out in this Article and in Annex 2 to this Agreement." n335 The exceptions
in Article 6 of the AoA included "direct payments made to producers under
production-limiting  [*155]  programmes[,]" which are the blue box measures.
n336 In sum, while all the commitment levels for domestic support reduction
included blue box measures, the calculations for a country's current total AMS
excluded blue box measures. n337 To provide an example of this problem, the
United States had a base total AMS of $ 24 billion, $ 10 billion of which were
deficiency payments-blue box measures. n338 The $ 10 billion in deficiency
payments were also included in the United States' annual and final bound
commitment levels. n339 During the implementation period, the United States'
current total AMS excluded those deficiency payments. n340 As a result,


   [T]he [United States] "[did not need to] contemplate any further change in
policy in order to meet its AMS commitment." In fact, the level of support for
the [United States] in 1993-two years before the start of the implementation
period-was already more than [$ 9 billion] below its commitment levels for 1995
. . . and more than [$ 5 billion] below the final commitment level for the year
2000. n341


   These statistics are also true for most of the developed countries in the
world. n342 For instance, the European Community's current total AMS in 1995
"was already below its final commitment level for 2000." n343 These facts
represent a serious blow to the credibility of the AoA, especially with regard
to domestic support. n344


   C. Post-Uruguay Negotiations on Agriculture at the WTO


   The Uruguay Round Agreement on Agriculture did little to liberalize
international agricultural trade. n345 But it did finally bring agriculture into
trade negotiations at the international level. n346 The AoA and SCM Agreements
finally defined the terms they sought to reduce, and they made attempts at
setting reduction commitments for both export subsidies and domestic support
[*156]  measures. n347 Nevertheless, the regulations for both kinds of subsidies
were deeply flawed. n348 Trade-distorting export subsidies and domestic support
measures did not fall into the categories of subsidies that required reductions,
and the actual reduction commitments were set at levels the United States and
other subsidizing countries could meet without having to reform their
agricultural policies. n349 As a result, developing countries particularly
insisted on the reformation of AoA regulations following the end of the
Agreement's implementation period. n350


   Agricultural trade negotiations finally progressed in November of 2001 at the
WTO's Ministerial Conference in Doha, Qatar. n351 In Doha, WTO Member countries
established a forum in which negotiations would proceed, and they outlined goals
aimed at furthering agricultural trade liberalization. n352 The Doha
Declaration, signed by those countries attending the WTO Conference, described
those goals in one sentence:


   Building on the work carried out to date and without prejudging the outcome
of the negotiations[,] we commit ourselves to comprehensive negotiations aimed
at: substantial improvements in market access; reductions of, with a view to
phasing out, all forms of export subsidies; and substantial reductions in
trade-distorting domestic support. n353


   Based on this statement, two important advances were made with regard to
export subsidies and domestic support. n354 First, WTO Member countries realized
the necessity to phase out all forms of export subsidies, not just those that
required reduction commitments under the AoA. n355 Second, countries needed to
reduce trade-distorting domestic support in general, not just the amber box
measures that previously required reduction. n356 Therefore, post-Uruguay
negotiations focused on the classification of export subsidies and the
recategorization of domestic support measures. n357


   The Doha Declaration mentioned two other notable tasks for negotiators at the
WTO. n358 One, it established an ambitious schedule by which Member countries
were to complete phases of the negotiations. n359 Specifically, by  [*157]
2005, negotiating parties should submit scheduled reduction commitments on all
kinds of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies. n360 And two, it "reaffirm[ed]
a commitment to special and differential treatment for developing countries" so
that their economic development and food security became top priorities. n361


   The progress and development of poor countries has always been a significant
goal at the international level. n362 But not until the Doha Round did
developing countries become important negotiators at the WTO. n363 Historically,
the United States and the European Union (EU) have controlled international
trading negotiations, a fact that largely explains the lack of reform that
resulted from the AoA. n364 But, in recent years, developing countries have
begun forming large coalitions. n365 They have begun negotiating for themselves,
and their voices have been largely heard. n366


   D. The Cancun Failure


   With the above-mentioned goals and aspirations in mind, along with a powerful
new negotiating group, WTO Member countries met in Cancun, Mexico in September
2003. n367 The Cancun meetings "came at the midpoint of the [WTO's] 'development
round' of trade liberalization talks" and were only designed to further the
negotiation process towards completion by 2005. n368 Unfortunately, the Cancun
meetings ended in failure due to the strong, uncompromising positions of
coalitions and other Member countries. n369


   During the Cancun meetings, a coalition of developing countries known as the
"Group of 21," led by Brazil, India, and China, urged developed countries to
quickly eliminate the use of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies. n370 The
group advised that U.S. and EU proposals "[do] not reflect the level of ambition
of the Doha mandate, for [they fail] to deliver substantial cuts on
trade-distorting domestic support, substantial increases in market  [*158]
access and elimination of export subsidies." n371 The United States and EU were
not alone in their unwillingness to provide meaningful reform. n372 Most of the
developing nations were also unwilling to budge on their own protectionist
measures. n373


   Besides the Group of 21, another group of developing countries made
substantial demands on the developed world. n374 A group of West African cotton-
producing nations challenged the United States "to make cotton a test case of
the [WTO's] commitment to a level playing field for trade in agricultural
goods." n375 If the United States complied, it would have to eliminate its
cotton subsidies over a three-year period and "compensate poor cotton-producing
nations harmed by these subsidies in the interim." n376 One need only evaluate
the Farm Bill of 2002 to realize that the United States was unwilling to meet
the West African demands. n377


   The failure of the Cancun meetings to further negotiations at the WTO was a
major setback. n378 Not only do the goals of agricultural trade liberalization
become distant, but it is the developing nations who will suffer most. n379
Ironically, their own inability to compromise contributed to Cancun's failure.
n380 The United States, on the other hand, will turn its focus to regional and
bilateral trade agreements where it has more negotiating power. n381 The Free
Trade Area of the Americas is one of several agreements through which the United
States is currently trying to push its free trade agenda. n382


   V. Proposed Regulations of the Free Trade Area of the Americas Provide
Insight into the Future of Agricultural Subsidies


   The United States and other democratic countries of the Western Hemisphere
have been negotiating the FTAA since December 1994. n383 During the preliminary
meetings held in various places, all the parties involved agreed to a set of
principles that would guide them through the course of a ten year negotiation
process. n384 Among others, the principles include the following:

     [*159]

   [C]onsensus constitutes the fundamental principle of decision making in the
FTAA process . . . ; [t]he outcome of the negotiations of the [FTAA] will
constitute a comprehensive single undertaking . . . ; [t]he FTAA can co-exist
with bi-lateral and sub-regional agreements . . . ; [and] [s]pecial attention
should be given to the needs, economic conditions and opportunities of the
smaller economies to ensure their full participation in the FTAA process. n385


   These principles have proved to be of utmost significance throughout the
negotiations, and they "reveal a fundamental tension between the respective
interests" of several important negotiating blocs. n386 Like the WTO meetings in
Cancun that pitted the developing countries against the developed countries, the
FTAA also has two groups whose interests are in conflict. n387 The United States
and Brazil have emerged as leaders of these groups. n388 It is not a coincidence
that they are co-chairs of the last phase of negotiations with a goal to reach a
final agreement by January 2005. n389 This section explains that while the 2005
deadline will not likely be reached, the FTAA negotiation process does provide
the vehicle through which the United States can eliminate or substantially
reduce its use of trade- distorting agricultural subsidies. n390


   A. FTAA in 2005? Not Likely


   In November 2003, one month after the Cancun failure, negotiators from
thirty- four countries in the Western Hemisphere met in Miami to discuss FTAA
proposals. n391 Much like Cancun, the meetings in Miami were intense. n392 A
group of countries, led by Brazil and Argentina, insisted that the United States
liberalize its agricultural industry. n393 The United States, on the other hand,
saw the FTAA as a vehicle for improving market access-that is the reduction of
import tariffs and quotas. n394 The United States claimed that it is ready to
reduce agricultural subsidy use, but if it did so in the FTAA forum, it would no
longer be able to negotiate at the global level with other  [*160]  subsidizing
countries, namely the EU and Japan. n395 An obvious gap emerged between the two
groups, which caused the other participating countries to choose sides. n396
With Brazil and Argentina went other South American countries Uruguay and
Paraguay, along with the countries of the Caribbean Community and Common Market
(CARICOM). n397 The remaining countries, who could not resist access to "an
immense market," took sides with the United States. n398 Those countries
included Colombia, Chile, Peru, Mexico, Bolivia, Canada, Costa Rica, El
Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, and the Dominican Republic. n399


   Unlike Cancun, however, the negotiations in Miami continued. n400 Both groups
realized that bilateral and subregional free trade agreements can exist within
the FTAA structure. n401 A "two-way track" towards hemispheric free trade
emerged. n402 One track aims at the negotiation of a "single undertaking" - a
Free Trade Area of the Americas with thirty-four nations. n403 A second track
creates a "piecemeal FTAA" by reaching less comprehensive agreements covering
the specific issues important to a small group of countries. n404 Countries can
then use the bilateral and subregional agreements as "stepping stones" to bridge
the gap between the differences found in the FTAA negotiations. n405 Although
this process will not occur in one year, or by the 2005 deadline, the FTAA
negotiations are promising. n406 There is a structure -a two-way track-that has
been successful in creating proposals for reductions in agricultural subsidy
use. n407 As a result, the Western Hemisphere  [*161]  can speak with one voice
at the global level. n408 At the WTO, the FTAA negotiating members, including
the United States, should lead the way to a reduction in agricultural subsidy
use, and they should use the FTAA proposals as guidelines in that endeavor. n409


   B. The FTAA Third Draft Agreement-Chapter IX Agriculture


   The United States continues to argue that regulations aimed at the reduction
of export subsidies and domestic support measures in the agricultural sector
should be left to negotiators at the WTO. n410 Realistically, the United States
needs to use the possible reduction of such subsidies as a bargaining tool to
ensure that the EU and Japan do the same. n411 Nevertheless, in anticipation of
those negotiations, members of the FTAA continue to negotiate and draft
ambitious proposals for the reduction and eventual elimination of agricultural
subsidies. n412 The third "Draft Agreement" of the FTAA, which the members
completed after the Miami meetings, embodies the latest version of those
proposals. n413


   1. Chapter IX, Article 7-Elimination of Export Subsidies


   The third Draft Agreement's article on agricultural export subsidies is
consistent with the great majority of countries' sentiments with respect to
those subsidies. n414 Chapter IX defines an agriculture export subsidy as "any
subsidy contingent, de jure or de facto, on export performance of an
agricultural product, including those measures cited by way of example in
Article 9.1 of the [AoA] and Annex 1 of the [SCM Agreement]." n415 This
definition is important for two reasons. n416 First, it incorporates both the
AoA and SCM Agreements' measures that constitute export subsidies, allowing for
a more comprehensive regulation. n417 Second, the definition explicitly states
that de facto export subsidies are included in those subsidies subject to the
regulations of the rest of the chapter on agriculture. n418

     [*162]

   Furthermore, Article 7 of the chapter on agriculture calls for far more
significant reductions in export subsidy use than the AoA. n419 Specifically,
Article 7.1 provides:


   [a]s of the date of entry into force of this Agreement, Parties shall
eliminate and shall not introduce or reintroduce in any form export subsidies
for agricultural products exported to other Parties. In addition, Parties shall
not apply new measures or practices that would circumvent this export subsidy
elimination commitment. n420


   Under Chapter IX, Article 7, there are no reduction commitments with regard
to export subsidies. n421 Upon entry into force of the Agreement, export
subsidies are flatly prohibited, along with other measures that a country may
employ to "circumvent" the regulation. n422 The FTAA proposal succeeds in
closing the gap between the use of export subsidies on agricultural products and
the use of export subsidies on all other products, which the SCM Agreement
currently regulates. n423


   While the FTAA regulations do not appear to use the Oxfam methodology for
calculating export subsidies, Article 11 of the Draft Agreement's chapter on
agriculture clearly provides for significant reductions in trade-distorting
domestic support measures. n424


   2. Chapter IX, Article 11-Domestic Support Measures


   The FTAA proposals with regard to domestic support are equally ambitious as
those regarding export subsidies when compared to the AoA. n425 Article 1.1 of
the FTAA proposal defines domestic support as "any policy or measure that
affects decisions to produce, applied by a Party, to sustain the prices of
agricultural products, increase the revenues of farmers, and/or improve
production and/or marketing conditions." n426 This definition is critical, as it
appears to include specific domestic support measures that distort  [*163]
trade. n427 Market price supports (amber box) and deficiency payments (blue box)
obviously meet the definition. n428


   With this definition in mind, the FTAA proposals, through Article 11, seek to
limit the harmful effects of domestic support measures. n429 A heading to that
article reads, "Disciplines to be Adopted for the Treatment of All the Other
Practices that Distort Trade in Agricultural Products, Including those which
have an Equivalent Effect to Agricultural Export Subsidies." n430 The heading
provides insight into the intent of the drafters; because some domestic support
measures are as trade-distorting as export subsidies, the FTAA should similarly
regulate them. n431


   The proposals in Article 11 begin with a recognition that the Parties to the
FTAA Agreement need "to continue to work toward an agreement" at the global
level with regard to domestic support measures. n432 To achieve that end, under
Article 11.3, the Parties to the FTAA agree to work at the WTO towards:


   a) the elimination or maximum possible reduction of production and trade
distorting domestic support, including support under "production-limiting" or
"blue box" programs;


   b) an overall limit on the amount of domestic support of all types (the total
of "green", "blue" and "amber"); [and]


   c) a review of the criteria for the "green box" to ensure that such support
does not distort production and trade . . . . n433


   These proposals represent a recognition of flaws in the AoA regulations and a
determination to reduce trade distorting domestic support at the global level.
n434


   The Draft Agreement also contains regulations on domestic support that have
effect within the FTAA's jurisdictional limits. n435 The regulatory proposals
include a desire to eliminate all domestic support measures that distort trade,
with very limited green box exceptions. n436 The FTAA proposals  [*164]  also
seek to eliminate each country's total AMS through the use of reduction
commitments during an implementation period. n437 Because of the complexities in
categorizing domestic support measures, the FTAA proposals have not specifically
addressed those measures that are exempted from reduction commitments. n438
However, as the comments towards work at the WTO indicate, all amber box and
blue box measures, and arguably some green box measures, would be eliminated
under the FTAA proposals. n439


   These proposals are indeed ambitious and the Legislature is likely to resist
the implementation of many of them. n440 Again, one need only examine the
current Farm Bill, which provides billions of dollars in aid to agricultural
producers until 2011, to know that the changes proposed by the FTAA are not
likely to happen soon. n441 Nevertheless, the United States will not change its
agricultural policies unilaterally because the farming sector is too powerful
politically. n442 Change can, and should, occur as the result of multilateral
pressure in the form of negotiating free trade agreements, like the FTAA and at
the WTO. n443


   VI. Conclusion


   In 1994, the AoA finally brought agriculture under the control of the
international trading regime. n444 Since then, progress has been slow and
agriculture remains one of the most protected industries in the global economy.
n445 Agricultural subsidy programs, particularly those sponsored by the United
States and other developed nations, continue to threaten farmers around the
world. n446 In the United States, commercial farms and agribusinesses reap the
benefits of subsidy programs while the percentage of small family farms steadily
declines. n447 Between the years 1998-2000, the average American farmer received
$ 20,803 annually in support from the government. n448 However, during that
time, "12 percent of the farms receive[d]  [*165]  90 percent of all subsidy
payments." n449 Because Congress grants subsidy payments based on criteria
benefitting large commercial farms, small family farmers in the United States
actually receive very little. n450


   At the same time, farmers in developing countries face a far worse situation.
n451 Low-price imports resulting from subsidies are continuing to force the
farmers off their farms. n452 Farmers in developing countries are not competing
against American farmers; they are competing against the U.S. treasury. n453
Moreover, poor countries throughout the world rely heavily on their agricultural
industry for economic development. n454 When their farmers cannot compete,
developing countries are unable "to export [their] way out of poverty." n455 As
a result, developing countries around the world have called upon the
international trading regime to reduce agricultural subsidy use. n456


   Their demands have been heard. n457 WTO and FTAA countries have recently
achieved successes in bringing agricultural subsidies into the center of trade
negotiations. n458 The Doha Declaration, for instance, was a breakthrough
because it established a good faith commitment to negotiations at the global
level. n459 Although the Cancun meetings failed, negotiations regarding
agricultural trade will proceed, both globally and regionally. n460 Through the
FTAA, the Western Hemisphere has drafted a series of proposals that aim to
regulate agricultural subsidy use. n461 The third Draft Agreement's chapter on
agriculture is both ambitious and comprehensive. n462 While the proposals may
not become reality in the near future, they are on paper, which is a step in the
right direction. n463

     [*166]

   But a tough road lies ahead. "Long traditions of support for farmers in [the
United States] have created constituencies highly resistant to reforms that
would expose domestic agriculture to increased foreign competition." n464 The
farm lobby in the United States is extremely powerful. n465 The Farm Bill of
2002 was crafted in part by fourteen members of Congress who stand to benefit by
it. n466 Political sacrifices must be made. n467 According to Robert Zoellick,
the U.S. Trade Representative, the United States will make the political
sacrifices, although they should have been made long ago. n468


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
International LawTreaty FormationNegotiationsInternational Trade LawImports &
ExportsDuties, Fees & TaxesGeneral OverviewInternational Trade LawState
LegislationGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Melaku Geboye Desta, The Law of International Trade in Agricultural Products
8 (2002).




n2  Id. at 312 (stating that "[a]lthough a very old and widespread practice, the
views of governments as well as scholars regarding subsidies have always been
divided").




n3  See Free Trade Area of the Americas, Antecedents of the FTAA Process, at
http://www.ftaa-alca.org/View e.asp (last visited Aug. 23, 2004) [hereinafter
Antecedents]. The issue of agricultural subsidies was undoubtedly of supreme
importance during the Cancun Meeting of the WTO in September of 2003 and was the
primary cause of that meeting's failure. See The Cancun Failure, N.Y. Times,
Sept. 16, 2003, at A24; see also discussion infra Part IV.D.1 (discussing the
WTO's Cancun Meetings).




n4  See Antecedents, supra note 3.




n5  See Desta, supra note 1, at 15.




n6  Gary Clyde Hufbauer & Joanna Shelton Erb, Subsidies in International Trade 9
(1984).




n7  See Brian J. Finegan, The Federal Subsidy Beast 117 (2000) (referring to a
chapter entitled: "Farm Interests: How Do I Subsidize Thee? Let Me Try to Count
the Ways").




n8  Norman Myers & Jennifer Kent, Perverse Subsidies 39 (2001).




n9  Id. at 40.




n10  See Finegan, supra note 7, at 119.




n11  Id. (explaining that wealthy commercial farmers in the mid 1990s
"produce[d] 80 percent of the nation's food, and 12 percent of the farms
receive[d] 90 percent of all subsidy payments"); see also Myers & Kent, supra
note 8, at 9 (arguing that "[i]n the case of U.S. agriculture, huge subsidies go
to a few so-called farmers who are actually millionaire industrialists and
rarely set foot on a farm").




n12  See generally Thomas C. Beierle, From Uruguay to Doha: Agricultural Trade
Negotiations at the World Trade Organization, Resources for the Future,
Executive Summary (Mar. 2002), http://www.rff.org/rff/Documents/RFF-DP-02-13.pdf
(explaining that protectionist policies in developed countries like the United
States lead to significant problems in developing countries).




n13  Jenalia Moreno, Mexico Farmers Say U.S. Subsidizes Corn, Houston Chronicle,
Aug. 28, 2003, at B1, available at 2003 WL 57438946.




n14  See FTAA Mini-Ministerial Discusses Scope of Agreement, Bridges, Nov. 13,
2003, http://www.ictsd.org/weekly/03-11-13/story5.htm [hereinafter
Mini-Ministerial].




n15  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, VIII Free Trade Area of the
Americas Ministerial, Nov. 20, 2003, at http://www.ustr.gov/assets/Document
Library/Transcripts/2003/asse t upload file417 3471.pdf; Jane M. Porter &
Douglas E. Bowers, United States Department of Agriculture Economic Research
Division, A Short History of U.S. Trade Negotiations 20 (1989); see also
Cancun's Charming Outcome-Breakdown in Cancun, Economist, Sept. 20, 2003
[hereinafter Cancun's Charming Outcome] (arguing that, while difficult, it may
be easier to reach an agreement on the reduction of agricultural subsidies
regionally since "poor countries have far less sway than they would have at the
WTO"); see also discussion infra Parts IV.D, V.A (explaining the WTO's Cancun
Meetings and the FTAA's goal of reaching an agreement by 2005).




n16  Finegan, supra note 7, at 118.




n17  Id.




n18  Hufbauer & Erb, supra note 6, at 8 (explaining that "the Great Depression
taught the world that protective policies can quickly and destructively spread
from nation to nation").




n19  Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 4.




n20  See Beierle, supra note 12, at "Executive Summary."




n21  Id.; see also Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at xvi (explaining that "[w]ere
to be phased out, huge sums would be released to pursue the Holy Grail of
sustainable development").




n22  See discussion infra Part II.




n23  See discussion infra Part II.




n24  See discussion infra Part III.




n25  See discussion infra Part III.




n26  See discussion infra Part IV.




n27  See discussion infra Part IV.A-B.




n28  See discussion infra Part V.




n29  Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 40.




n30  Id. at 5.




n31  Finegan, supra note 7, at 25.




n32  Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 9.




n33  Id. at 10.




n34  Id. at 11.




n35  Id. (arguing that the New Deal's agricultural subsidies promoted and
achieved "greater economic efficiency and productivity"); see also Porter &
Bowers, supra note 15, at 2 (explaining that "New Deal agricultural programs
altered international trading relationships for U.S. farmers").




n36  Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 11; Finegan, supra note 7, at 31. The Rural
Electrification Administration is one subsidy passed in the 1930s that achieved
its objective but now has no reason to exist. See Finegan, supra note 7, at 31.
Congress has thwarted repeated attempts by presidents to remove the subsidy. Id.




n37  Finegan, supra note 7, at 32.




n38  Id.




n39  Id. (arguing that Congress "seldom reduce[s] the scope of the targeted
problem, but they always expand the base of those deemed affected by it").




n40  Id.




n41  Id. at 32-33; see also Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 11 (explaining that
"governments are reluctant to disenchant a group that wields exceptional
political muscle").




n42  Finegan, supra note 7, at 33. As a result of this trend, subsidies account
for nearly sixty percent of the federal budget. Id. at 17 (arguing that "opening
the U.S. Treasury to those who claimed that the competition was too tough was to
open it to all").




n43  See id.




n44  Id. (explaining that during this era, the government expanded Social
Security and introduced Medicare and Medicaid).




n45  See id. For example, during the Reagan Administration, the government
expanded one of its largest subsidy programs, the defense budget. Id.
Interestingly, "one- third to one-half of all defense expenditures are nothing
more than handouts to favored interests with no real military purpose." Id.




n46  See id. "A subsidy is like a cake of limited size: if one person enjoys a
larger slice, other persons have to make do with smaller slices. If everybody
receives a subsidy, nobody does. By their very nature, then, subsidies have a
marked distributional effect." Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 9.




n47  Finegan, supra note 7, at 16, 33.




n48  Id. at 16-17.




n49  Id. at 17.




n50  Id. at 25-32 (explaining that Congress expanded the subsidy to provide
funds for maple sugar, sugar cane, and sugar beet producers and growers).




n51  Id. at 25. The cost includes money that goes directly to sugar producers
from taxpayers and also the increased price that consumers pay for domestic
sugar. Id. "Between 1991 and 1995 the average world price of sugar was 11.5
cents per pound while the U.S. government forced American consumers to pay an
average of 22.1 cents per pound." Id.




n52  Porter & Bowers, supra note 15, at 19-20.




n53  Id. at 20.




n54  See id.




n55  Id.




n56  Id. "The U.S. proposal to tie trade negotiations to reform of domestic
agricultural policies was a historic step beyond the traditional agenda for
trade talks." Id.




n57  See Finegan, supra note 7, at 121-33. Mr. Finegan provides an analysis of
the eight farm products that the U.S. government subsidizes the most, including
the following: wheat, corn, rice, cotton, sugar, peanuts, soybeans, and milk
products. Id. at 120.




n58  Id. at 33.




n59  Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 40.




n60  See Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, 110 Stat. 888 (1996) (codified at 7 U.S.C. (expired)).




n61  Id.




n62  See James Bovard, Freedom to Farm Washington, Freedom Daily (Jan. 1999),
http://www.fff .org/freedom/0199d.asp; Freedom to Farm Act Backfires, Daily
Policy Digest, (Jan. 3, 2002), http://www.ncpa.org/iss/bud/2002/pd010302c.html
[hereinafter Farm Act Backfires].




n63  Farm Act Backfires, supra note 62.




n64  See Bovard, supra note 62.




n65  See id.




n66  Id.




n67  See id.




n68  Id.




n69  See id.




n70  Farm Act Backfires, supra note 62.




n71  Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-171, 116
Stat. 134 (codified in scattered sections of 7 U.S.C.) [hereinafter Farm Bill].




n72  See id.; Anuradha Mittal, Giving Away the Farm: The 2002 Farm Bill,
Foodfirst Backgrounder, (Summer 2002),
http://www.foodfirst.org/pubs/backgrdrs/2002/s02v8n3.html.




n73  Mittal, supra note 72.




n74  Id. (quoting President Bush when he signed the Farm Bill of 2002); see also
Bovard, supra note 62 (quoting Newt Gingrich: "We in this Congress are
determined to provide the kind of relief that will help family farmers
survive.").




n75  See Mittal, supra note 72; Bovard, supra note 62.




n76  Mittal, supra note 72.




n77  See id.; Bovard, supra note 62.




n78  See Mittal, supra note 72. The 2002 farm bill can be best described as
agribusiness welfare. The federal crop subsidies will go not to farmers who
resemble John Steinbeck's Joad family, but to rich recipients, such as fourteen
members of the Congress that crafted the law; wealthy American corporations . .
. . Most family farms will get nothing but a tax bill. The farm bill only
further tilts the playing field against them.Id.




n79  Id. In the 1930's, 25 percent of the population lived on the nation's 6
million farms; today, our 2 million farms are home to 2 percent of the
population. Small family farms have been overwhelmingly replaced by large
commercial farms, with 8 percent of farms accounting for 72 percent of sales,
thanks in large part to policies similar to those being deepened with this
latest farm bill.Id.




n80  Bovard, supra note 62; Mittal, supra note 72.




n81  See Bovard, supra note 62; Mittal, supra note 72.




n82  See Bovard, supra note 62 (explaining that "[t]he only difference between
the subsidized and unsubsidized crops is the political pull of those who raise
them"); see also Mittal, supra note 72 (describing the Farm Bill of 2002 as a
"big bonanza" for producers of favored crops while shortchanging the independent
family farms).




n83  Vincent J. Atkins, Caribbean Regional Negotiating Machinery, The US Farm
Bill of 2002: Implications for CARICOM's Agricultural Export Trade 2,
http://www.crnm.org/staff papers.htm (click on article) (last visited Sept. 29,
2004).




n84  See generally Atkins, supra note 83, at 1 (explaining the effects that the
Farm Bill of 2002 has on CARICOM's export countries).




n85  Id.




n86  See Mittal, supra note 72.




n87  See discussion infra Part III.




n88  See Mittal, supra note 72.




n89  See id.




n90  See discussion infra Part III.




n91  See Atkins, supra note 83; see also Desta, supra note 1 (describing
international agricultural through the AoA).




n92  See generally Finegan, supra note 7, at 117, 133-34 (explaining that
problems arise when "the government [forces] farm commodity prices up for
Americans through price supports, and then [lowers] them for foreigners through
export subsidies"). We pay farmers not to grow crops in areas with abundant
rainfall, while building multi-billion dollar dams so that other farmers can
grow water-loving crops in deserts. Then we pay them not to grow crops, too . .
. . We pay them to overproduce food and then pay foreigners to take it off our
hands.Id. at 117 (explaining the many different ways the government subsidizes
its farmers).




n93  See generally Desta, supra note 1 (describing in detail international
regulations of both domestic support and export subsidies).




n94  See id. at 309-10.




n95  See discussion infra Part III.A.1, 2.




n96  See Desta, supra note 1, at 99.




n97  See discussion infra Part III.B.




n98  Desta, supra note 1, at 306 (quoting Professor J.H. Jackson in his book,
The World Trading System: Law and Policy of International Economic Relations 280
(2d ed. 1997)).




n99  See id.




n100  See id.




n101  See id. (explaining that the AoA first included the term domestic support
in the FTA).




n102  Id.




n103  See id. at 310.




n104  Id.




n105  Id.




n106  Id.




n107  See discussion infra Part III.A.2.




n108  See Desta, supra note 1, at 310.




n109  Finegan, supra note 7, at 117.




n110  See Desta, supra note 1, at 310.




n111  Finegan, supra note 7, at 118. Any industry other than agriculture that
organized this type of market manipulation in the United States would be
breaking the law, and the trustbusters at the Department of Justice would be all
over them. However, in the case of agriculture, not only are cartels legal, the
federal government acts as the enforcer. This is the same government that
lectures other nations about free markets.Id.




n112  Id. at 117.




n113  Id.




n114  See Desta, supra note 1, at 310.




n115  See id. at 311; Finegan, supra note 7, at 117-18.




n116  See Finegan, supra note 7, at 118.




n117  Id. at 127.




n118  Id. at 128.




n119  Id.




n120  See id.




n121  See id.; Agriculture Marketing Service at United States Department of
Agriculture, Federal Milk Marketing Orders, at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/dairy/orders.htm (last visited Sept. 29, 2004)
[hereinafter FMMO].




n122  Finegan, supra note 7, at 128.




n123  Id.




n124  See id. at 126-27.




n125  Desta, supra note 1, at 311.




n126  See FMMO, supra note 121.




n127  Id.




n128  Finegan, supra note 7, at 126. "For decades, American dairy farmers have
produced a preposterous oversupply of milk and milk products in direct response
to very generous federal subsidy programs." Id.




n129  Id.




n130  Id. at 127.




n131  Id. at 126.




n132  See id.




n133  Id. "In typical fashion, [politicians respond] to the unintended
consequences of one subsidy program by inventing a host of new ones." Id. at
126-27.




n134  See Desta, supra note 1, at 311.




n135  See id.




n136  See id.




n137  See discussion infra Part III.B.




n138  See Desta, supra note 1, at 311.




n139  See Finegan, supra note 7, at 117; Myers & Kent, supra note 8, at 40.




n140  See Desta, supra note 1, at 311.




n141  Id. (citation omitted).




n142  See Finegan, supra note 7, at 127.




n143  Id.




n144  Id.




n145  See id.




n146  Id. at 128.




n147  See Desta, supra note 1, at 311.




n148  Id. Desta equates the producer price with what he calls the "political
price," arguably the price that satisfies a politically powerful group. Id.




n149  See id.




n150  Id. at 311-12.




n151  Id.




n152  Id. at 312.




n153  Id.




n154  Id.




n155  Id.




n156  Id.




n157  Id.




n158  Id.




n159  See Farm Bill, supra note 71; Ari Afilalo, Not in My Backyard: Power and
Protectionism in U.S. Trade Policy, 34 N.Y.U. J. Int'l L. & Pol. 749, 784-86
(Summer 2002).




n160  Farm Bill, supra note 71 (listing the covered commodities as wheat, corn,
grain sorghum, barley, oats, upland cotton, rice, soybeans, and other oilseeds).




n161  See Afilalo, supra note 159, at 785. "These subsidies encourage farmers to
produce despite market conditions- namely lower prices-calling for a reduction
in agricultural output." Id.




n162  Mittal, supra note 72; see also discussion infra Part III.B (discussing
export subsidies).




n163  See Desta, supra note 1, at 100.




n164  Id.




n165  See Desta, supra note 1, at 100.




n166  See generally Finegan, supra note 7, at 120-21 (explaining that not only
does the United States export a high percentage of its most highly subsidized
crops, but it also subsidizes farmers so that they leave fields fallow as a
result of overproduction).




n167  See Desta, supra note 1, at 100.




n168  Hufbauer & Erb, supra note 6, at 45.




n169  See id. at 11.




n170  Finegan, supra note 7, at 130.




n171  Id.




n172  Id.




n173  Id.




n174  Id.




n175  Id.




n176  Desta, supra note 1, at 101.




n177  See id.; see also discussion infra Part IV (discussing current
international trade regulations of agricultural subsidies under the WTO).




n178  See discussion infra Part IV.




n179  See discussion infra Part IV.




n180  See discussion infra Part III.B.1, 2.




n181  Desta, supra note 1, at 177.




n182  Id. (quoting Canada-Measures Affecting the Export of Civilian Aircraft,
report of the Appellate Body (WT/DS/70/AB/R) 2 Aug. 2, 1999, § 167).




n183  See supra notes 171-75 and accompanying text; see infra notes 184-93 and
accompanying text.




n184  Export Enhancement Program, 7 U.S.C.A. § 5651 (West 2003 & Supp. 2004).




n185  See S. Rep. No. 101-357, at 12 (1990), reprinted in 1990 U.S.C.C.A.N.
4656, 4667.




n186  7 U.S.C.A. § 5651(a) (West 2003). Some argue that the United States
"concluded that the EEP was either unnecessary or actually counterproductive and
has largely stopped using it, even though we would still be entitled to do so if
we chose." Randy Green, The Uruguay Round Agreement on Agriculture, 31 Law &
Pol'y Int'l Bus. 819, 822 (2000).




n187  7 U.S.C.A. § 5651(b)(1).




n188  7 U.S.C.A. § 5651(e)(1)(G) (West Supp. 2004).




n189  See, e.g., Agreement on Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15,
1994, Marrakech Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A,
The Legal Texts-The Results of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade
Negotiations 231, 233 (1999) [hereinafter SCM Agreement]; see also discussion
infra Part IV (discussing current international trade regulations of
agricultural subsidies under the WTO).




n190  SCM Agreement, supra note 189, art. 10 n.36, at 243 (defining
countervailing duties as "a special duty levied for the purpose of offsetting
any subsidy bestowed directly or indirectly upon the manufacturer, production or
export of any merchandise"); see also Green, supra note 186, at 819 (discussing
a trade war between the United States and the European Union).




n191  Green, supra note 186, at 819.




n192  Desta, supra note 1, at 177.




n193  Id.




n194  Id.




n195  Id.




n196  Id.




n197  SCM Agreement, supra note 189, art. 3 n.4, at 233.




n198  See Desta, supra note 1, at 178.




n199  SCM Agreement, supra note 189, art. 3 n.4, at 233.




n200  See Joan L. MacKenzie, The Commerce Department Speaks on International
Trade & Investment, Countervailing Duty Relations-Issues Highlight, 1075
Practising L. Inst. 669, 689-90 (1998).




n201  See Gonzalo Fanjul & Arabella Fraser, Dumping Without Borders: How US
Agricultural Policies Are Destroying the Livelihoods of Mexican Corn Farmers
(Oxfam Int'l, Oxfam Briefing Paper No. 50, Aug. 27, 2003), available at
http://www.oxfam.org/eng/pdfs/pp030827 corn dumping.pdf [hereinafter Oxfam].




n202  See id.




n203  See id. Oxfam concedes that U.S. subsidies to the corn industry do not
fall within the WTO definition of export subsidies. Id. However, Oxfam
convincingly argues that the WTO definition is deeply flawed and sets forth two
separate tests to determine the use of export subsidies. See infra text
accompanying note 292.




n204  Oxfam, supra note 201, at 10.




n205  Id. at 2.




n206  Id.




n207  See id. at 9.




n208  Id. at 10.




n209  See id.




n210  See generally id. (explaining that U.S. agricultural policies "may
encourage [farmers] to produce more in [the] future in the expectation that they
will be able to submit new data the next time around"). These policies also
encouraged giant agribusinesses, "such as Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland
(ADM)[,]" to dominate the industry. Id. at 9.




n211  See id. at 10; Afilalo, supra note 159, at 785.




n212  See Oxfam, supra note 201, at 9; Afilalo, supra note 159, at 785.




n213  Oxfam, supra note 201, at 9.




n214  Id. at 12.




n215  Mittal, supra note 72.




n216  See Oxfam, supra note 201.




n217  See Moreno, supra note 13.




n218  See Mittal, supra note 72; Oxfam, supra note 201.




n219  See Oxfam, supra note 201.




n220  Id.




n221  See id.




n222  Id.




n223  See id.




n224  Id.




n225  See id.




n226  See id.




n227  See id.




n228  See id.




n229  Mittal, supra note 72.




n230  Id.




n231  Id. (arguing that U.S. subsidies cause "a reverse Robin Hood
effect-robbing the world's poor to enrich American agribusiness").




n232  Id.




n233  See id. A World Bank study reports that U.S. subsidies cost "African
countries $ 250 million each year." Id. "The report estimates that the removal
of U.S. subsidies would produce a drop in U.S. production that would lead to a
[short- term] rise in the world price of cotton and in turn would increase
revenue to west and central African countries by about $ 250 million." Id.




n234  Id.




n235  See Oxfam, supra note 201.




n236  Id.




n237  See id.




n238  See discussion infra Parts IV-V.




n239  See Final Act Embodying the Results of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral
Trade Negotiations, Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Apr.
15, 1994, available at 1994 WL 761480 (G.A.T.T.) [hereinafter GATT].




n240  See Desta, supra note 1, at 151-52.




n241  See id. at 7 (explaining that drafters "framed the important provisions of
the General Agreement in such a way as to exclude agriculture from their
coverage").




n242  Id. at 151-52 (quoting "the 1986 Ministerial Declaration that launched the
Uruguay Round at Punta del Este, Uruguay").




n243  See id.




n244  Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakech Agreement Establishing
the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, The Legal Texts-The Results of the
Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations 33 (1999) [hereinafter
Agreement on Agriculture]; see discussion infra Part IV.B.




n245  SCM Agreement, supra note 189, at 231; see discussion infra Part IV.A.




n246  See discussion infra Part IV.C-D.




n247  Desta, supra note 1, at 153.




n248  See id.




n249  See id. at 152-54. "[A]s envisaged by Article 21 of the Agreement on
Agriculture, the provisions of all the Multilateral Trade Agreements in Annex 1A
to the WTO Agreement, of which the SCM Agreement is an important element, apply
to agricultural matters, subject to the provisions of the Agricultural
Agreement." Id. at 153.




N250  Id.




n251  Id. at 154-56.




n252  World Trade Organization, Subsidies and Countervailing Measures Overview,
available at http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/scm e/subs e.htm (last visited
Aug. 20, 2004) [hereinafter SCM overview]. The quoted definition is a simplified
version found on the WTO website. See id. Article 1:1 of the SCM Agreement
contains the actual definition. See SCM Agreement, supra note 189, art. 1.1, at
231.




n253  See SCM overview, supra note 252; Desta, supra note 1, at 156.




n254  Desta, supra note 1, at 174. The SCM Agreement is the first agreement that
describes, if not defines, export subsidies and that description includes "
subsidies contingent, in law or in fact . . . upon export performance." SCM
Agreement, supra note 189, art. 3.1, at 233.




n255  See discussion supra Part III.B.1; Desta, supra note 1, at 177.




n256  See discussion supra Part III.B.2; Desta, supra note 1, at 177.




n257  Desta, supra note 1, at 174. Article 3.1 of the SCM Agreement states:
"Except as provided in the Agreement on Agriculture, the following subsidies,
within the meaning of Article 1, shall be prohibited." SCM Agreement, supra note
189, art. 3.1, at 233.




n258  See Desta, supra note 1, at 176, 220. "'We see no reason, and none has
been pointed out to us, to read the requirement of "contingent upon export
performance" in the Agreement on Agriculture differently from the same
requirement imposed by the SCM Agreement. The two Agreements use precisely the
same words to define "export subsidies."'" Id. at 220 (quoting the Appellate
Body of the WTO dispute settlement body).




n259  See Desta, supra note 1, at 176.




n260  SCM Agreement, supra note 189, art. 5, at 235.




n261  Id.




n262  See Desta, supra note 1, at 378.




n263  Id. at 380.




n264  See discussion infra Part IV.B.2.




n265  See Desta, supra note 1, at 153.




n266  See id.




n267  See id. at 9 (explaining that "[a]griculture held the key to the success
or failure of the entire round").




n268  Id. (quoting a source from the USDA).




n269  See id.




n270  Id.




n271  Id.




n272  See discussion infra Part IV.B.1, 2.




n273  Desta, supra note 1, at 205.




n274  Id. at 204.




n275  See supra notes 257-59 and accompanying text.




n276  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, art. 9.1, at 40-41. However,
Desta explains that the reduction commitments are only applicable to an
exhaustive list of specified agricultural products: "They are, wheat and wheat
flour, coarse grains, rice, oilseeds, vegetable oils, oilcakes, sugar, butter
and butter oil, skim milk powder, cheese, other milk products, bovine meat, pig
meat, poultry meat, sheepmeat, live animals, eggs, wine, fruit, vegetables,
tobacco, and cotton." Desta, supra note 1, at 235. Export subsidies of
agricultural products that are not included in this list are prohibited under
the AoA. See id. at 240.




n277  See Desta, supra note 1, at 247.




n278  Id.




n279  Id.




n280  Id.




n281  Id.




n282  Id.




n283  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, art. 9.2(a)(i), at 41.




n284  See id. art. 9.2(a)(ii).




n285  See Desta, supra note 1, at 247.




n286  Id. at 248.




n287  Id.




n288  See Beierle, supra note 12, at 24.




n289  See supra notes 202-04 and accompanying text.




n290  See Oxfam, supra note 201, at 3.




n291  See id.




n292  Id. at 12.




n293  Id.




n294  See id.




n295  See discussion infra Part IV.B.2.




n296  Desta, supra note 1, at 384.




n297  Id.




n298  See id. at 414.




n299  See id. at 394.




n300  See id.




n301  Id.




n302  Id.




n303  See id. at 397.




n304  See discussion supra Part III.A.1.




n305  See discussion supra Part III.A.1.




n306  See discussion supra Part III.A.1.




n307  Desta, supra note 1, at 394.




n308  See id. at 411.




n309  See discussion supra Part III.A.2.




n310  Desta, supra note 1, at 411.




n311  Id.




n312  Id. An annual average of production from 1986 to 1988 constitutes the
fixed level of production mentioned in the text. Id. at 407.




n313  Id. at 412 (quoting T. Josling).




n314  See id.




n315  See id.




n316  Id.




n317  Id. at 394.




n318  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, Annex 2, at 48-53.




n319  See id.




n320  Id., Annex 2.2(a), (g), at 48-49.




n321  Id., Annex 2.4, at 49.




n322  See Desta, supra note 1, at 401-11.




n323  Id. at 394.




n324  Id. at 396.




n325  Id.




n326  Id.




n327  Id.




n328  Id. at 397-401.




n329  Id. at 407.




n330  Id.




n331  Id. at 402.




n332  Id. (emphasis omitted).




n333  Id. at 403 (emphasis omitted).




n334  Id. at 403, 409.




n335  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, art. 6.1, at 39 (emphasis
added); Desta, supra note 1, at 404.




n336  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, art. 6.5(a), at 39; see also
Desta, supra note 1, at 404.




n337  See Desta, supra note 1, at 409.




n338  Id.




n339  Id.




n340  Id.




n341  Id. (citation omitted).




n342  See id. at 409-10. "The final reduction commitment levels were in fact
reached for many countries," like Japan and Canada, "well before the start of
the implementation period." Id. at 410.




n343  Id. at 409.




n344  See generally id. (explaining that "another factor that contributed to the
weakening of the effect of the domestic support reduction commitments is the
manner in which the 'blue box' measures of Article 6 are treated by the
Agriculture Agreement").




n345  See Beierle, supra note 12, at abstract.




n346  See id.




n347  See discussion supra Part IV.A-B.




n348  See discussion supra Part IV.B.1-2.




n349  See discussion supra Part IV.B.1-2.




n350  See Beierle, supra note 12, at 7.




n351  See Desta, supra note 1, at 428; Beierle, supra note 12, at 39.




n352  See Desta, supra note 1, at 428; Beierle, supra note 12, at 39.




n353  Beierle, supra note 12, at 39 (quoting the Doha Declaration).




n354  See id. at 43-44.




n355  See id. at 43.




n356  See id. at 44.




n357  See id. at 43-45.




n358  See id. at 39.




n359  See id.




n360  Id.




n361  Id.




n362  See GATT, supra note 239. "Recognizing further that there is need for
positive efforts designed to ensure that developing countries, and especially
the least developed among them, secure a share in the growth in international
trade commensurate with the needs of their economic development . . . ." Id.




n363  See Beierle, supra note 12, at 6-7.




n364  See id. at 18 (explaining that the United State and the EU were Members of
the WTO "powerful enough to largely dictate the terms of the agreement," which
resulted in the lack of reformation of their agricultural policies).




n365  See id. at 7.




n366  See Cancun Targets Cotton, N.Y. Times, Sept. 13, 2003, at A12 (describing
the demands of a group of developing countries known as G-21); Scott Miller &
Neil King Jr., Poor Countries May Hold Sway in WTO Session, Wall St. J., Sept.
11, 2003, at A11 (describing the demands of a West African delegation).




n367  See Miller & King, supra note 366, at 1.




n368  The Cancun Failure, supra note 3.




n369  See Cancun's Charming Outcome, supra note 15.




n370  Miller & King, supra note 366, at 1.




n371  Id.




n372  See Cancun's Charming Outcome, supra note 15.




n373  See id.




n374  See Cancun Targets Cotton, supra note 366.




n375  Id.




n376  Id.




n377  See supra notes 71-73, 83-89 and accompanying text.




n378  See Cancun's Charming Outcome, supra note 15.




n379  See id.




n380  See id.




n381  See id.




n382  See id.




n383  See Antecedents, supra note 3.




n384  See id.




n385  Free Trade of the Americas, Ministerial Declaration of Belo Horizonte (May
16, 1997), http://www.ftaa- alca.org/Ministerials/ Belo/Belo e.asp.




n386  Christopher M. Bruner, Hemispheric Integration and the Politics of
Regionalism: The Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA), 33 U. Miami Inter-Am.
L. Rev. 1, 7-8 (Spring 2002).




n387  See Bruner, supra note 386, at 8; Venezuelanalysis.com, FTAA Negotiations
Close to Failing in Miami ( N o v . 1 9 , 2 0 0 3 ) , a t
http://www.venezuelanalysis.com/news.php?newsno=1105 [hereinafter
Venezuelanalysis.com].




n388  Bruner, supra note 386, at 8; Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n389  Bruner, supra note 386, at 8; Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n390  See discussion infra Part V.A.




n391  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n392  See Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n393  See Mini-Ministerial, supra note 14; Concluding Ministerial Press
Conference, supra note 15.




n394  See Mini-Ministerial, supra note 14.




n395  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n396  Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n397  Id. Brazil, Argentina, Paraguay, and Uruguay make up a group known as
MERCOSUR, a South American "customs union with the aspiration of becoming a
common market." Bruner, supra note 386, at 28. CARICOM is the organization of
the Caribbean Community and is a common market comprised of the following
members: Antigua and Barbuda, Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Dominica, Grenada,
Guyana, Haiti, Jamaica, Montserrat, St. Lucia, St. Kitts and Nevis, St. Vincent
and the Grenadines, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago; and associate members:
Anguilla, Bermuda, British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, and Turks and Caicos
Islands. CARICOM, CARICOM Member States & CARICOM Associate Members, at
http://www.caricom.org/members.htm (last visited Sept. 29, 2004).




n398  Bruner, supra note 386, at 3; see Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n399  See Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387.




n400  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n401  See Robert Zoellick, The Route From Miami to Economic Freedom, Fin. Times,
Dec. 9, 2003, at 23; supra note 385 and accompanying text.




n402  Zoellick, supra note 401.




n403  Id.




n404  Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387; Zoellick, supra note 401. The United
States has already completed a free trade agreement with Chile and the Central
American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) with five Central American countries,
Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, and Nicaragua. See id.
Furthermore, the United States hopes to integrate the Dominican Republic into
CAFTA and begin negotiations with Panama, Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, and Bolivia.
See id.




n405  See Bruner, supra note 386, at 17, 38-40, 68.




n406  See Venezuelanalysis.com, supra note 387; see Zoellick, supra note 401.




n407  See Zoellick, supra note 401; Free Trade of the Americas, Third Draft FTAA
Agreement, Chapter IX Agriculture (Nov. 21, 2003), at
http://www.ftaaalca.org/FTAADraft03/Index e.asp [hereinafter Draft Agreement].




n408  See Bruner, supra note 386, at 68.




n409  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407.




n410  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n411  See id.




n412  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407.




n413  See id.




n414  See id.




n415  Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 1.1.




n416  See infra notes 417-18 and accompanying text.




n417  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 1.1.




n418  Id.




n419  Compare Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 7.1 (requiring elimination
of export subsidies), with Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 244, art.
9.2(b)(iv), at 40 (requiring only reduction commitments).




n420  Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 7.1.




n421  See id.




n422  See id.




n423  Compare Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 7.1 (requiring elimination
of export subsidies on agricultural products), with SCM Agreement, supra note
189, at art. 3.1, 2, at 233 (requiring elimination of export subsidies on
nonagricultural products).




n424  See supra note 292 and accompanying text; discussion infra Part V.B.2.




n425  Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 11.3.




n426  Id. art. 1.1.




n427  See id.; discussion supra Part III (discussing the distorting effects of
particular subsidies).




n428  See supra notes 301-16 and accompanying text.




n429  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 11.




n430  Id. art. 11(B)(3).




n431  See id.




n432  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 11.2. The FTAA's priorities with
regard to domestic support appear to be at the global level, a stance presumably
taken as a result of the United States' position with regard to the negotiation
process. See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n433  Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art. 11.3.




n434  See id.; discussion supra Part IV (explaining the flaws in the AoA's
regulations on export subsidies and domestic support measures).




n435  See Draft Agreement, supra note 407, art 11.4-.14.




n436  See id. art. 11.4-.5.




n437  See id. art. 11.7-.8.




n438  See generally id. art. 11.11-.14 (describing the particular domestic
support measures that are subject to regulations as "to be subsequently
defined").




n439  See supra note 433 and accompanying text.




n440  See Beierle, supra note 12, at 43-46.




n441  See supra notes 71-89 and accompanying text.




n442  See Afilalo, supra note 159, at 787 (explaining that "[t]he domestic
constituencies that demand protection wield, in virtually every jurisdiction,
considerable power").




n443  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15.




n444  See supra note 267 and accompanying text.




n445  See supra note 1 and accompanying text (quoting Clayton Yeutter, former
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture).




n446  See supra notes 219-34 and accompanying text; Beierle, supra note 12, at
Executive Summary, 4 (explaining the hardships that agricultural subsidies cause
developing countries and the small farmers in the United States).




n447  See supra notes 11, 79 and accompanying text.




n448  Beierle, supra note 12, at 4.




n449  Finegan, supra note 7, at 119.




n450  See Beierle, supra note 12, at 4; discussion supra Part II.A (discussing
the basis for domestic support payments).




n451  See Beierle, supra note 12, at Executive Summary (explaining that "[t]he
cost of agricultural protection falls particularly hard on developing countries"
because of the importance of their agricultural industry).




n452  See supra notes 219-34 and accompanying text.




n453  See discussion supra Part III.




n454  See Beierle, supra note 12, at Executive Summary.




n455  See supra note 234 and accompanying text (quoting World Bank President,
James Wolfensohn).




n456  See discussion supra Parts IV-V.




n457  See discussion supra Parts IV.D, V.




n458  See discussion supra Parts IV.C, V.




n459  See supra notes 353-56 and accompanying text.




n460  See discussion supra Part V; see also Concluding Ministerial Press
Conference, supra note 15 (outlining future negotiations on reductions in
agricultural subsidies at the global level).




n461  See discussion supra Part V.B.




n462  See discussion supra Part V.B.




n463  See discussion supra Part V.A-B.




n464  Beierle, supra note 12, at 2.




n465  See id.; supra note 78 and accompanying text.




n466  See supra note 78 and accompanying text.




n467  See Afialo, supra note 159, at 787.




n468  See Concluding Ministerial Press Conference, supra note 15 ("The United
States is very committed; the agriculture community is and agriculture members
of our Congress are, to eliminating export subsidies, to getting significant
cuts in domestic subsidies . . . .").


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Cash subsidies weakens Iran's oil industry

BYLINE: Umid Niayesh, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 329 words


Jan. 17--Iran's oil ministry pays over 37 trillion rials (about 1.2 billion) per
month for Iran's Subsidies Organization, Iranian deputy oil minister for
planning affairs, Mansour Moazzami said, the oil ministry's SHANA news agency
reported Jan. 17.

National Iranian Oil Refining and Distribution Company's share of the funding
for the subsidy reform plan stands at 3 trillion rials, meanwhile the National
Iranian Gas Company pays 7.5 trillion rials of its revenues for cash subsidies
per month, Moazzami said.

He said that the issue is seriously weakening the country's oil industry, adding
many projects in oil industry are facing lack of financial resources.

Iran currently spends some $80 billion each year on fuel subsidies, according to
the country Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh.

Last April Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani announced that the government spends
about $1.4 billion (based on then official rate of 25,500 rials per each USD)
per month on the cash subsidies for citizens.

The cash subsidies impose about $392 million deficit in the budget per month for
administration, he noted.

The administration of former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad implemented the first
stage of the subsidy reform plan toward the end of 2010.

The subsidy reform plan is aimed at easing pressure on state finances by cutting
tens of billions of dollars from government subsidies on food and fuel. The
government pays cash to citizens as compensation for increased prices by cutting
subsides.

The government pays 45,500 rials to citizens to compensate for a partial cut of
subsidies.

It is estimated that the government will acquire 480 trillion rials in the
current Iranian fiscal year (March 2014-March 2015) in revenues through the
implementation of the second phase of the economic reform plan.

Follow the author on Twitter: @UmidNiayesh

___ (c)2015 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150117-1AZ-Cash-subsidies-weakens-Iran-s-oil-industry-0117-20150117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2015 Trend News Agency


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday

Still On Hardliners in the Fuel Subsidy Debate [analysis]

BYLINE: Yushau A. Shuaib

LENGTH: 828 words


Everyone, young or old, felt the impact of the fuel subsidy removal and the
nationwide strike that followed its implementation. The consequences of the
policy, which took effect from January 1, 2011 before it was modified to N97 by
the government, had brought untold hardship not only on those who opposed the
policy, but also the proponents, especially those in the government.

Figures became weapons of choice in the ensuing war of words; they were
brandished by major stakeholders from the both sides of the divide. While the
opposition was mobilized and organized through television, radio, flyers and
online social media, it had no specific as arrowheads or hardliners, and their
numbers increase by the day, although notable among them were Mallam Nasir
El-Rufai, Femi Falana, and Pastor Tunde Bakare and some labour leaders. They
were united in their insistence that the issue was not about subsidy removal,
but about curbing corruption and making Nigeria refineries functional. They
stated that Nigeria's problem was not about ethnicity or religion, but about
endemic corruption and poverty.

While the major supporters of subsidy removal consisted of few cabinet members
in government, ethnic jingoists too found their voice, canvassing divisive
platforms aimed at other sections of Nigeria. They placed syndicated adverts in
many newspapers, costing millions of naira to impute bogus sectional sentiments
and even treasonable felony to organisers and participants in the protests
against removal of fuel subsidy. Their arguments were not only childish and
diversionary, they are not worth repeating.

Surprisingly, as President Goodluck Jonathan continued to take the blame for the
fallout of the fuel subsidy removal policy, it was not too clear if he was its
principal initiator. Apart from the nationwide broadcast in which he asked
Nigerians to exercise patience, he also admitted that "I know that the removal
of the petroleum subsidy imposes an initial burden on our people, especially the
rising cost of transportation. Government will be vigilant and act decisively to
curb the excesses of those that want to exploit the current situation for
selfish gains."

The hardliners in the government who are conspicuous in identifying and strongly
supporting the removal of subsidy include the Governor of Central Bank of
Nigeria, Sanusi Lamido Sanusi, who admitted that the fight against corrupt
practices influenced his decision to back the subsidy removal. He unequivocally
disclosed that the two sectors that led to the near collapse of the banking
industry were capital markets and oil marketing. He disclosed that two companies
alone -owned by one businessman owed the Nigerian banking industry over N220b.
He said: "We all saw the amount of subsidy paid to those companies published.
Money had been taken, subsidy had been collected but loans were not repaid, and
we couldn't see the money either as product in tank farms or in fuel stations or
credit sales. So I became obsessed with trying to understand how that industry
operated and the more I saw the more I hated it and I started the war against
subsidies."

He further admitted that for two years he had been convinced that fuel subsidy
was a scam and that it could not be stopped because "the entire controls have
been compromised. NNPC sells domestic crude, Pays whatever subsidy PPPRA says
and then gives the balance after JVC [Joint Venture Cash call] to the federation
account."

The Finance Minister, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, on the other hand, denied that she is
the mastermind behind the policy to remove subsidy on fuel, claiming in a BBC
interview that "the World Bank and IMF have nothing to do with this, absolutely
nothing. This is an internal government decision... Six months before I came,
the governors have all pushed for subsidy removal."

Governor Babangida Aliyu of Niger State claimed that Sanusi was in fact the
mastermind of subsidy removal. He said that the "alarm raised by CBN governor
led us (governors) to demand for the removal of fuel subsidy."

The Presidential Spokesperson, Reuben Abati, admitted to media in Aso Villa that
consultations were made for more than two months and that "the President had met
with students, civil society, media chiefs and even market women" where he fully
briefed them on the intention of government to remove the fuel subsidy. He
therefore urged "Labour to hold on to its promise that it will support whatever
government does in the interest of the Nigerian people because Labour was
consulted. I attended those meetings with Labour and I know there were some
understandings reached."

Meanwhile the Minister of Information, who as a student union leader in the
1980s led protests against a similar policy, has changed his tune. He now said:
"If the federal government did not take this leadership decision of subsidy
removal, the economy will crash as it is been experienced in some parts of
Europe recently.

Shuaib wrote from Finance Estate, Wuye, Abuja

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

PM: Subsidy savings to fund growth projects

BYLINE: Zarina Zakariah; Hana Naz Harun

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 674 words


KUALA LUMPUR: PRIME Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak yesterday said savings from
subsidy rationalisation initiatives will be channelled to development programmes
that benefit the people.

He said such gains would also be used for supplementary projects, particularly
in Sabah and Sarawak.

"When the revenue base expands, many projects, including infrastructure
development, can be implemented. The government is committed to carrying on with
subsidy rationalisation to boost the economy."

Speaking at Dewan Rakyat, Najib said the annual development allocation was now
RM46 billion, while subsidies had reached RM43.3 billion.

He said such figures showed it was clearly an inequitable budget and this could
not continue.

"As such, it is only proper for the government to implement sustainable subsidy
rationalisation," he said, adding subsidy rationalisation would ensure only
targeted groups enjoyed subsidies while leakages were reduced.

Najib, who is also finance minister, was replying to a supplementary question
from Datuk Ahmad Hamzah (BN-Jasin), who wanted to know whether the government
would continue with its subsidy rationalisation and what measures had been taken
to that effect.

Najib said subsidies given before the rationalisation were offered in bulk and
this had led to much wastage and leakage, with the high-income group benefiting
more than low-income and lower middle-income groups. As such, he said, the
government now gave subsidies targeted at needy groups, such as the 1Malaysia
People's Aid (BR1M), and was looking to improve this.

To a question from Tan Seng Giaw (DAP-Kepong), Najib said in implementing
subsidy rationalisation, the government must ensure consolidation of the social
safety net so that the low-income group did not feel the pressure from the
higher expenses they faced.

Najib said part of the savings from subsidy rationalisation would be used for
the social safety net to improve economic growth and ensure the people's
wellbeing.

He added that part of the savings would be used to finance development that
could raise the national productive capacity, such as infrastructure development
including rural and urban roads, hospitals and housing.

The savings would also enable the government to build more schools and
educational institutions and provide training for human capital development, he
said.

Najib added that many countries had opted to undertake drastic measures to
reduce their fiscal deficits, but Malaysia would take the gradual approach in
managing its fiscal deficit for sustainable economic growth.

He said subsidy rationalisation was necessary as subsidy expenditure was
increasing because of rising price of world crude oil and an increase in the
number of vehicles.

Citing an example, he said, in 2010, the government spent RM23.1 billion or 15
per cent of the operating expenditure to finance subsidies, aid and incentives.

"Last year, after three years, the amount rose to RM43.4 billion or 21 per cent
of operating expenditure. Too large a subsidy will undermine the country's
financial position and render it not sustainable for the long term."

As such, Najib said, fiscal reform was important to strengthen the financial
position and ensure that the targeted fiscal deficit remained at 3.5 per cent of
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) this year and three per cent next year and a
balanced budget was achieved in 2020.

Najib said the government was committed to ensuring that the national debt did
not exceed 55 per cent of GDP.

"Subsidy rationalisation has been implemented with care to ensure minimum burden
on the people, particularly those in the low-income and lower middle-income
groups.

"It also took into account various aspects, including the rate of inflation,
cost of living and global economic position as well as the target mechanism."

Najib said that overall subsidy rationalisation and direct aid reflected the
government's serious intent to implement reforms to ensure that the country
achieved a high-income developed nation status and the people enjoyed a better
quality of life.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          The Weekender (South Africa)

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

Crackdown on subsidy fraud yields results

BYLINE: Thabang Mokopanele

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 476 words


Crackdown on subsidy fraud yields results
 Special Investigation Unit recovers R40,8m in housing subsidy graft
 Property Correspondent
 THE Department of Housing and the Special Investigation Unit (SIU) have managed
to recover R40,8m from individuals who obtained housing subsidies fraudulently -
some cases going back almost 10 years.


 Forensic investigations, sparked by a 2006 report by the auditor- general, have
revealed shocking statistics regarding fraud involving attorneys, individuals
and government employees.
 Briefing the media on a broad forensic probe into housing corruption yesterday,
SIU head Willie Hofmeyr said it had recovered R1,7m nationally from individuals.

 He said an investigation into 111 firms of attorneys and conveyancers in
KwaZulu-Natal between 1998 and 2006 resulted in five attorneys being struck off
the roll over fraudulent activities.
 "In the Eastern Cape R700000 was recovered and 47 criminal prosecutions are
pending. In Gauteng and the Northern Cape R11m was recovered," Hofmeyr said.
 The auditor-general's report showed that the department had allocated
1,4-million subsidies worth R21bn over 10 years. A performance audit, conducted
at the department's request, found that 3,8% of 53426 subsidies granted between
January 1994 and March 2004 were "exceptions".
 The subsidies amounted to R800m.
 Hofmeyr said exceptions did not necessarily point to corruption, but to
potential irregularities which required forensic investigation.
 The auditor-general's report found that 85% of the sampled 2359 government
employees received irregular subsidies.
 The report also found 7353 nonqualifying government employees receiving
subsidies, 5335 subsidy applications that were approved after the applicants had
died and subsidies granted to 6708 people who were younger than 21. A further
4471 subsidies were granted to people with invalid identity numbers, 3599
duplicate subsidies per individual or household were uncovered, while 25849
duplicate subsidies were granted for a specific property.
 Housing director-general Itumeleng Kotsoane said efforts to improve systems had
been made.
 "Key to approval of fraudulent applications was the ability of officials to
override the system.
 "Today the override of search results on the housing subsidy system is no
longer conducted by an individual," Kotsoane said.
 He said the system had been enhanced to enforce a second level of authorisation
by a senior official at the level of the chief financial officer or a delegated
official.
 Kotsoane said that the minister had to decide what to do with those who had
benefited from fraudulent applications.
 mokopanelet@bdfm.co.za
 SYSTEM FIX: Housing director-general Itumeleng Kotsoane says the Department of
Housing has introduced new measures and system enhancements in a bid to clamp
down on housing subsidy fraud. Picture: MARTIN RHODES

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BD


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 29, 2005 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

A GIFT TO THE WORLD;
CUTTING SUBSIDIES WOULD HELP ALL FARMERS

BYLINE: Nicholas D. Kristof

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 696 words


Here's a late Christmas gift we should give ourselves: a firm commitment to cut
farm subsidies sharply, above all for cotton.

Sure, our subsidies hurt poor African countries. But the biggest problem with
farm subsidies is that they are a cancer on rural America itself. They raise
land prices significantly, which makes it hard for young farmers to get started,
and they arguably undermine the family farm by creating incentives for the
consolidation of agriculture.

That's why those who raise livestock -- who generally don't enjoy subsidies --
often speak derisively of those who "farm the government." Despite the
stereotype that all rural America is on the socialist teat, it's largely the
farmers of specific commodities like cotton, rice and corn who had the political
pull to push a subsidy through Congress.

I came here to cotton country to talk to farmers before writing this column,
because I thought I owed them that much. And I sympathize with them. They are
hard-working people who are struggling -- and who are terrified of losing the
price supports that sustain their way of life.

Danny Robbins, a fourth-generation cotton farmer here, has already told his
14-year-old son not to take over the family farm as a full-time job.

"I will encourage him to have something to fall on beside his backside," Robbins
said glumly. "We're a stroke of a pen from going out of business. It's pretty
scary."

But subsidies are the problem, not the solution. They have kept marginal land in
production, resulting in overproduction and lower prices -- and here in
Oklahoma, subsidies kept people farming cotton when the market tried to switch
them to canola, peanuts, wheat or other crops.

Consider corn. From 2000 through 2004, the average American farmer has, at first
glance, lost money every year planting corn -- up to $128 per acre in losses,
depending on the year. Yet the acreage planted in corn has been increasing. Why?
Partly because U.S. taxpayers more than covered the losses with $25 billion in
subsidies in that period. Without the subsidies, according to a study cited by
Oxfam, U.S. corn production would have been 15 percent lower and world corn
prices 7 percent higher.

I grew up on a farm in Oregon, and my teen years centered on the Future Farmers
of America, the best youth organization in America. But this column isn't a
betrayal -- because subsidies don't strengthen rural America, but sap it. One of
my friends struggled for 25 years to make a living on his small family farm. But
instead of sustaining him through difficult times, subsidies just mired him
there, prolonging the inevitable. A few years ago, he gave up.

The cotton farmers here in Oklahoma raise some valid arguments -- above all, the
need to aid struggling rural communities. But handing out cash to full-time
cotton farmers whose average net worth is around $1 million doesn't help the
most desperate agricultural families -- those in the northern Great Plains. And
I get a farm subsidy of $588 each year, because I own farmland in Oregon that is
in the conservation reserve program; surely there are better ways to help
struggling farm towns than by sending subsidies to New York journalists.

And almost no industry has suffered more than sheep ranching, with the numbers
of sheep in the United States falling from 56 million head in 1942 to just 6
million today.

But imagine if we had started a major sheep subsidy to ease the trauma among
sheep ranchers. Today we might have 100 million sheep, a $10 billion annual
subsidy, and ranchers would still be struggling.

At this month's World Trade Organization meeting in Hong Kong, the arguments
against subsidies focused on the harm they do to poor countries by depressing
prices of their exports. Europe is the worst offender, subsidizing each cow to
the tune of $2.20 a day -- more than much of the world lives on. I agree that
one of the most effective ways to help poor countries would be to cut our
subsidies, especially for cotton.

But the biggest reason to reform American agriculture is at home. My heart goes
out to the cotton farmers in Oklahoma. But the reality is that the existing
system has failed, and it's time to rely on the market.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Nicholas D. Kristof is a syndicated columnist for The New York Times
(nicholas@nytimes.com).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Cement prices

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, Aug. 24 -- It is disturbing that a few thriving industries under the
subsidy regime have literally been fleecing the consumers. The boom in the real
estate business in the State has been matched by a flourishing industry of
construction materials such as cement and steel ' both of which enjoy
substantial subsidy. But shockingly, the price of a bag of cement in the State
happens to be the highest in the country. This is despite the fact that the
cement industry has been benefiting from a large number of subsidies for
operating in the North-east. Locally-manufactured cement actually costs the
manufacturer far less than cement produced elsewhere in the country due to the
liberal subsidy but the industry is happily selling it at an abnormally high
price which defies any logic. All this has been possible because of the
deplorably weak role of the State Government. The subsidies for the cement
industry include 100% income tax exemption, excise duty exemption, transport
subsidy on both raw materials and finished products, manpower subsidy, power
subsidy, captive power generator set subsidy, 30% capital subsidy, 99% VAT
exemption, and interest subsidy on working capital. The prevailing situation has
effectively led to cartelization by the cement manufacturers, which is bleeding
the common consumer who spends his lifetime's earning in building a home or
buying a flat.

The developments also expose that the NE industrial policy ' supposedly aimed at
accelerating the region's industrial growth and economic progress ' is actually
helping unscrupulous manufacturers to swell their coffers by exploiting the
consumers. It has also been noticed that many manufacturers close down their
industries immediately after the period of subsidy is over. Such blatant loot
has to be stopped at the earliest. The State Government would do well to keep in
mind the people's interest and intervene to ensure that no manufacturing firm
enjoying subsidy can indulge in arbitrary pricing of their products. The
relevant clauses in the industrial policy should be amended to put to an end to
such dishonest practices by the industry. The policy must be made to serve its
avowed objective of boosting the region's growth rather than becoming a tool in
the hands of a few crooked capitalists to enrich their coffers by fleecing the
consumers. Tax concessions and subsidies are indeed an important incentive but
it needs to be ensured that only the deserving get it. In the recent past, we
had a large number of highly-polluting coke industries taking away the lion's
share of transport subsidies. Similarly, the cement industry is not passing on
any benefit to the consumer despite the fact that cost of production of cement
is among the lowest in the State. The State needs industries to expedite the
development process but that must not come at the cost of the common man.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Concord Times (Freetown)

                               September 25, 2013

Head Teachers Loathe Late Payment of Subsidies

BYLINE: Victoria Saffa

LENGTH: 574 words


A number of primary schools' heads in the west of the city have raised serious
concern over the late payment of subsidies to run the day-to-day affairs of
their schools.

Speaking to Concord Times in an exclusive interview, the Headmistress of the
Regent Square Municipal primary school, Mrs. Saudatu Rashid, said since the
reopening of schools they have not received any subsidy from the government for
the new academic year, and that even the third term subsidy for the last
academic year has still not been paid.

She explained that government is paying Le5,000as subsidy for each pupil per
term through the Freetown City Council, adding that after receiving each subsidy
, they are required to present a report together with supporting
receiptsexplaining how the money was expended.

"Most of this subsidy is used to pay teachers; the rest is used to buy chalks,
pay cleaners, and the printing of report cards, among others," Mrs. Rashid said.

In his response, Ibrahim GibrillBureh from the Local Government Finance
Department in the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development said the schools
are supposed to send their reportsto the Freetown City Council(FCC) after
receiving each subsidy but conceded that in most cases the FCC has delayed in
sending the said reports to the ministry to ensure the timely release of the
subsidies.

Most of the schools, he maintained, are properly accounting for the subsidies
they receive from the council.

"Our ministry is only transferring school subsidies to the FCC administration's
account for them to disburse it to schools but we can'ttell why the FCC is
delaying with the returns," noted Mr. Bureh. "Since last academic year, the FCC
has not returned their reportsto enableus process subsidies for the next term."

However, deputy Education Officer at the Freetown City Council, Reverend Joseph
Cooper, said majority of the school authorities most often delayin sending their
reports after receiving their subsidies, stressing that they can only send their
report to the Ministry of Finance after receiving the various schools' reports.

"We are yet to send any report to the Finance Ministry because of the delay by
the school authorities to send their own reports to us," he said, adding that
they wouldn't be able to access the money in cash from the ministry and would
instead send it into the various schools' accounts at the Central Bank, who
would then disburse the money to the respective government schools.

He added that they normally monitor the schools and encourage them to send their
reports earlier for prompt disbursement of the subsidies.

According to the Directorate at the Ministry of Education, Mohamed Sillah-Sesay,
the FCC is working on its own in the disbursement ofsubsidies without the
involvement of the Education Ministry. According to him, the council is supposed
to be involving the ministry through the Director of Education to generate PET
forms to process the money.

Sillah-Sesay noted that the delay in sending school subsidies will cause heads
of schools to exploitparents.

Education Officer at the Anti-Corruption Commission (ACC), David Conteh, said
the commission is always visiting different government primary schools to know
how teachers are using the school subsidies, and that several arrests have been
made in relation to the alleged misuse of subsidies.

He added that someheads of schools inflate the list of pupils so that they could
receive more money from the government.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday

Time to weed out agricultural subsidies

BYLINE: NEIL REYNOLDS

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS COLUMN; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 816 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


During the last 10-year period for which relevant statistics are available
(1996-2005), U.S. rice farmers got 72 per cent of their cash income from federal
farm subsidies. Cotton farmers got 50 per cent; wheat farmers, 35 per cent;
barley farmers, 30 per cent; corn farmers, 25 per cent. These are average
percentages for the decade - meaning that the percentages must have reached
higher levels in some number of years. A Congressional Research Service study
published last October documents the aberrational excesses that occasionally
occur. In 2000, wheat farmers got subsidies equal to 100 per cent of their
market incomes; rice and cotton farmers got 175 per cent. These farmers must be
regarded less as farmers and more as able-bodied welfare recipients in straw
hats.

As most countries do, the U.S. subsidizes farmers directly by sending them
cheques in the mail and indirectly by restricting imports, which compels people
to pay the subsidies at the grocery store. The indirect method imposes a tax no
less effectively than the direct. You need to know the respective cost of each
method to calculate a country's actual subsidies - and to determine how much of
them can properly be deemed to be illegal.

The World Trade Organization, for example, allows the U.S. to provide
$19-billion (U.S.) a year in agricultural subsidies. In fact, counting cash
subsidies and tariff subsidies, U.S. farm "support" routinely exceeds twice this
legal limit. In the first five years of the George W. Bush presidency
(2001-2005) the average cost of federal farm support programs was $42.7-billion
a year.

In a report published in April, the Cato Institute's Center for Trade Policy
Studies concluded that, since 1983, "a few favoured farm sectors have received
between $21-billion a year (1995) and $56-billion a year (1999) in government
support in the form of direct subsidies and higher prices." The centre
calculated the staggering opportunity cost - or lost-opportunity cost, to be
precise - of these subsidies: "If American taxpayers and consumers had been
spared the cost of farm programs during the last two decades, and had been able
to invest these savings at the market rate of interest, they would be
$1.7-trillion wealthier today."

Most farm subsidies in the U.S. go to the richest farmers. The Environmental
Working Group, a non-partisan research organization, has calculated that half of
all subsidies go to the 7 per cent of American farms that report incomes of more
than $250,000 a year. And the OECD, meantime, has determined that the median
wealth of American farm households is more than five times the median wealth of
the average American household - meaning that people who are relatively poorer
are augmenting the bank balances of people who are substantially richer.

With origins in President Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal, U.S. farm support
programs are deeply entrenched. The legislation that mandates them has been
deemed "permanent," making farm subsidies an entitlement program difficult to
amend, almost impossible to repeal - though federal subsidies for wool and
mohair, for tung nuts and honey, for Irish potatoes have been eliminated over
the years and peanuts are now mostly on their own. (U.S. farmers grew great
orchards of tung trees, which are native to China, for oils used in making
paints - until President John F. Kennedy revoked import quotas in 1962.) U.S.
farm support programs still use cloaks of compassion to conceal the corporate
welfare. The U.S. Department of Agriculture gives food stamps to 25 million
people, but uses the program to flog dairy products. It's the USDA that
administers American humanitarian food aid, dumping vast amount of surplus
foodstuffs around the world - enriching its own farmers as it impoverishes Third
World farmers who can't compete with the U.S. Treasury.

Notwithstanding these excesses, though, the U.S. is a model of restraint when
compared with the rest of the world's rich countries. Two of these countries
provide minimal support for their farmers - and they have booming global exports
to show for it. The OECD says that New Zealand's farmers get only 2 per cent of
their incomes from government support, Australia's farmers only 4 per cent. U.S.
farmers get much more - 16 per cent. Canadian farmers get 22 per cent.
Throughout the European Union, government support provides 32 per cent of farm
incomes. In Switzerland, the record holder, the percentage is 68.

Canada has now taken the U.S. to court, asking the WTO to rule on U.S.
compliance with the trade organization's rules. Whether or not the U.S. farm-aid
program is technically legal, a dubious proposition, it is indisputably wrong in
principle - as the Canadian farm-aid program is wrong in principle.

Trade Minister David Emerson should have named his own country as a
co-conspirator in crimes of corrupted commerce.

rreynolds@xplornet.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 9, 1995 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Clinton backs farm subsidies

BYLINE: PILITA CLARK Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 661 words


WASHINGTON, Wednesday: The Clinton Administration is campaigning aggressively
for more support for farm exports, despite repeated pledges not to hurt
Australian farmers.

Senior officials have made it clear that far from slashing United States
agriculture subsidies in line with the new world trade rules, they intend to
maintain and even increase handouts for many American farm products.

In the face of pressure from deficit hawks in the US Congress for the reduction
of farm support programs, the Administration has mounted a strong campaign to
defend its export subsidies, including the contentious Export Enhancement
Program (EEP) and Dairy Export Incentive Program which Australian farmers say
have cost them millions of dollars.

For nearly a decade, successive US administrations have defended subsidy
programs as a necessary evil to combat European agricultural subsidies.

But now the Europeans have started to wind back their subsidies in line with the
new world trade deal under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT),
the Administration is finding new ways to maintain and even increase its
handouts.

The head of the Agriculture Department's Foreign Agriculture Service, Mr August
Schumacher, told a farm policy seminar in Washington this week that Congress had
to be persuaded to stop thinking of programs such as the EEP as export subsidies
and treat them as "market development tools".

He said that if the US did not focus on export promotion, other countries would
quickly beat Washington to it.

Mr Schumacher's boss, the Acting Secretary of the Department of Agriculture, Mr
Richard Rominger, told the same seminar yesterday that it was imperative for the
US to use its export subsidies to exploit new market opportunities created by
the GATT deal.

"The GATT accord opened the door to markets where 96 per cent of the world's
consumers live," he said. "Now we've got to go through the door and go after
those markets. Export programs can position US agriculture to benefit fully from
the opportunities presented by these trade agreements."

Mr Rominger nominated the EEP as one of the programs which needed to be used "at
the maximum levels" to help US farmers exploit new markets.

He said his department was pushing for a $US25 million ($34 million) supplement
to its $US85 million Market Promotion Program for 1995. This was set up to
support sales of US consumer foods ranging from lollies to meat when the
producers complained they should be given similar assistance to that for the
wheat and dairy farmers.

The US was forced to reduce, though not eliminate, farm subsidies such as the
EEP under the GATT deal, along with the Europeans. But other subsidies, such as
the Market Promotion Program, were protected from the GATT rules and are likely
to be increased to compensate for any cuts to other programs.

The EEP and a range of other farm subsidies are under attack in Congress as
members try to bring down a deficit-reducing Budget and produce a new five-year
farm spending program or Farm Bill.

Senator Richard Lugar, a leading Republican who is chairman of the influential
Senate Agriculture Committee, has made abolishing farm subsidies a major plank
of his candidacy for the 1996 presidential election.

Senator Lugar has proposed abolishing the EEP completely, a move he says would
save $US3.4 billion.

But other members of Congress are defending export subsidies, saying they will
be more important than ever if Budget cuts eat into domestic farm supports.

The chairman of the House Agricultural Committee, Mr Pat Roberts, said Senator
Lugar's proposals, including the abolition of the EEP, would be blocked.

* In Topeka, Kansas, the head of Australia's National Farmers' Federation said
today that US farmers needed to rid themselves of the "disease" of subsidies,
Associated Press reported.

"The subsidy programs in place have cost US taxpayers a great deal of money," Mr
Don McGauchie, president of the NFF, said. He is in the US on a brief tour.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1995 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Taxpayers' money subsidizing pornography

BYLINE: Charles McVety, Special to The Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Guest Column; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 903  words


Opponents of subsidies for pornography face the same arguments given generations
ago by defenders of government assistance for tobacco production. If you opposed
tobacco subsidies, you were against farmers, against agriculture, and probably
against any government assistance to weak sectors of the economy.

If you opposed tobacco subsidies then, you must have been religiously motivated
(read "irrational," "unscientific," "medieval") at best. You were a closet
killjoy at worst. After all, for many Canadians smoking three packs a day was
the main pleasure and recreation that they could enjoy, insisted the subsidy
defenders.

If tobacco subsidies were stopped, where would it all end?

The domino theory that an end to tobacco subsidies would mean an end to joy and
happiness is now being borrowed by the defenders of subsidies that could be used
to create pornography.

If we end subsidies for porn today, we will end subsidies for culture tomorrow,
and perhaps bring an end to joy and happiness the day after?

These critics will ultimately lose for the same reason that the defenders of
tobacco subsidies ultimately lost.

Society got tired of paying the costs of subsidizing a habit that risked harm to
human health, family cohesion, and even family survivability if the
breadwinner(s) were smokers.

Society got tired of paying to cause a problem and then paying a second time in
a sometimes vain attempt to fix it. Not all lung cancer was curable.

As in the case of tobacco, defenders of porn subsidies use a kind of attempted
character assassination in saying that only the religiously minded are against
it.

One doesn't have to be religious to recognize inanity.

A COMPAS poll released this week shows that three-quarters of Canadians oppose
subsidies for pornographic films.

They can't all be religious and they can't all be Christian.

In fairness, it is possible that a high proportion of Sikhs, Muslims, Jews and
people of no faith oppose such subsidies.

According to the poll, in practice, opposition to such subsidies is especially
strong among women, 30 per cent of whom would ban pornographic films outright.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians oppose the idea of subsidizing
pornography because they intuitively understand the wastefulness of spending
taxpayers' money in this way instead of on health care, caring for the poor, or
in other productive ways. They understand that pornography has become especially
destructive of human, sexual, and family happiness in the Internet era.

The overwhelming majority of Canadians do not want to see the precious resources
that support the arts and culture industry of Canada diverted to a handful of
films that feature an abundance of gratuitous sex and/or violence, including a
few that I would describe as pornographic.

Since the inception of the subsidy program, the Tax Credit Guidelines have
deemed pornographic films not to be an "eligible genre" of production. Once a
film is given a certificate of approval for production, however, the government
currently has no avenue to enforce this or any other regulation after the film
is completed.

Canada's Auditor General, Sheila Fraser, cites this process as one of the least
accountable expenditures of government funds and recommends changes. In her
audit of 2005, Ms. Fraser stated that the government cannot even be assured that
it is funding real expenses.

Like the vast majority of Canadians, I believe unequivocally in free speech and
freedom of expression, not censorship. The apparently offending clause in Bill
C-10 only creates the requirement of "the Minister of Canadian Heritage
certifying that the production is a Canadian film or video production in respect
of which the Minister is satisfied that ... (b) public financial support of the
production would not be contrary to public policy." No reasonable person would
suggest that the government should fund films that do not meet the standards the
producers undertook to receive a certificate of approval.

This same clause has existed for years in four provinces and no one has ever
called it censorship until now, and productions have increased.

An overwhelming majority of Canadians agree with the unanimous vote of the House
of Commons that this clause is necessary to ensure that taxpayer funds do not go
to pay for the production of pornographic films.

Almost every week, I hear of the hardship of my friend's family with their
autistic daughter.

Each day the mother has to put on a football helmet and shoulder pads to go in
the room to care for her 18-year-old daughter.

Their family budget has been decimated yet the government cannot find one dollar
to assist them or help the many thousands of families dealing with autistic
children.

Like any other beneficiary of taxpayer support, the film and television industry
should be grateful for the $22 billion they have received for 12,000 productions
over the past 12 years.

Surely taxpayers can expect that producers should be willing to maintain the
commitment they make when applying for a tax credit certificate.

Instead the free speech of 75 per cent of Canadians is oppressed as we are
vilified, accusations of censorship are levelled, and yet no one can give a good
reason to allow tax dollars to fund pornography, or to fund films focusing on
sex with corpses, or others with memorable names like Young People F--king and
The Masturbators.

Charles McVety is president of the Canada Family Action Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 8, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Get tough, CWB says

BYLINE: David Freeman, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 627  words


Canada needs to begin playing "hardball" with the European Union, the U.S. and
other countries over continued use of trade-distorting export subsidies, the
Canadian Wheat Board said Monday.

Despite a framework agreement drafted through the World Trade Organization
outlining the elimination of export subsidies -- agreed to by the European
Commission -- the EC still announced an export subsidy of $6.44 per tonne on
134,000 tonnes of soft milling wheat last Thursday.

"The Canadian government is certainly trying quite hard in terms of agricultural
negotiations to get rid of these trade distorting subsidies," said Louise
Waldman, media relations manager for the CWB.

"The problem is countries like the EU or U.S., which are large ... global
player(s) in agriculture, they just kind of tend to bend rules, write rules,
specifically for themselves."

She feels Canada has done its fair share of making promises and living up to
them in the past when other countries haven't lived up to those same
expectations.

"I would say it's time for the Government of Canada to stop offering things up
and start saying: 'Look, Canadian farmers have done everything that's been
asked, and we'd like to see some reciprocal subsidy reduction from other big
players because it's not happening right now.'

"I think what's required is a certain level of aggressiveness in dealing with
that," she continued.

"I think really you have to play hardball sometimes with these guys because they
don't recognize any other kind of games."

The subsidy, which was announced on Jan. 20 and then given a specific dollar
value Thursday, had an immediate impact on the global price of wheat, said
Waldman.

"They made the announcement Jan. 20, and then the very next day you started to
see a drop in the per-bushel price on world grain markets," she said. "For us,
this underscores the very serious importance of getting rid of export subsidies
all together. The impact is really a depression on world wheat prices, which is
bad for producers."

The Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association (WCWGA) are also disappointed
over the EU's decision to increase subsidies.

"It just comes at a really bad time. After a harvest like we just had, any
amount of subsidy is going to be detrimental," said Cherilyn Jolly, president of
the WCWGA. "Wheat prices are already low and the use of subsidies from the
European Union is only going to push those world prices that much lower."

Since the agreement hasn't been finalized, both Jolly and Waldman understand
it's within the EU's right to impose the subsidies, but they feel it isn't in
the spirit of the current WTO negotiations and the commitments made by the
member countries to eliminate export subsidies.

"The idea they would go against that commitment ... they've honoured the final
agreement, and yet in the mean time are willing to increase the subsidies is, to
me, hypocritical and doesn't go along with the spirit of the agreement," said
Jolly. "It's disappointing."

"The Europeans (are) very clever," Waldman added. "They're not actually breaking
any commitments. They haven't actually signed on the dotted line and said, 'We
will get rid of these.' But certainly that is the main thrust of these current
negotiations." She said that all the government can to is hold them to their
commitments.

Jolly said they've written a letter to federal Minister of Trade James Peterson
requesting he take their concerns to the EU, but she isn't confident much can be
done.

"We want Minister Peterson to be fully aware of our concerns," said Jolly. "I
don't know that there's a lot that he can do. He knows that this is within their
right to do it, so it's not as though legal action can be taken against
something like this. (But) we certainly hope he puts the pressure on."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Solar rooftop systems subsidy will remain at 30%

BYLINE: Meenakshi Rohatgi

SECTION: PUNE

LENGTH: 532 words


PUNE: Solar rooftop systems will continue to be subsidized by 30%, despite the
Union ministry of new and renewable energy (MNRE)'s June announcement of hacking
it by half.

Industry experts are not thrilled about the decision, citing state incompetency
in doling out the subsidy on time, possibility of poor quality products from
suppliers while leaving manufacturing costs unchanged.

The recent announcement from the ministry mentions that the subsidy comes under
the Central Financial Assistance (CFA) scheme and is part of the 'Grid Connected
Rooftop and Small Solar Power Plants Programme'.

In September, the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) had also
announced guidelines which would let people with solar rooftop systems to
connect to the grid.

The recent November notification and subsidy revision comes as a modification of
the June 26 circular.

While MNRE has set a target for installation of 100 GW solar power, with a 40%
chunk of grid-connected solar power, a subsidy of 30% will be given to all in
general categories, who have connected their solar rooftop systems to the grid.

Commercial and industrial establishments have clearly been excluded from the 30%
subsidy, citing reasons that such establishments are "eligible for other
benefits such as accelerated depreciation, custom duty concessions among
others."

Experts have confessed themselves unhappy at the move, stating that, in the
past, the government failed to disburse the subsidy on time. Subsidies worth Rs
375 crore are reportedly pending with the government since 2012.

"First, this sector does not require subsidy, and secondly, any subsidy leads to
inferior products, not to mention the government's record of not being able to
disburse subsidies on time. Instead of increasing the subsidy, they could have
come out with a low interest finance scheme," said Jaideep Malaviya, an expert
on solar systems.

"Our calculations show that the high cost of finance in India nearly doubles the
project cost and enhances the payback period. Secondly, subsidies lead to lower
quality as suppliers take undue advantage, while it also does not motivate the
manufacturers to bring down the costs," said Malaviya.

Ashwin Gambhir from Prayas energy group, said "While commercial and industrial
establishments have been excluded from the high subsidy, the government should
also note that loans for setting up solar rooftop systems should be made
easier."

"Facilitation of the processes should be made easier and quicker - such as
processing of application forms," he added. Box:- Subsidies or central financial
assistance will be provided through state nodal agencies, state governments,
Solar Energy Corporation Of India (SECI), Indian Renewable Energy Development
Agency (IREDA), participating banks and empanelled DISCOMSOther state benefits
for installing grid-connected solar rooftopa and small solar power plants- 10
years' tax holidayLoans for system aggregators from IREDA at concessional rates
(9.9% to 10.75%)Loans available upto Rs 10 lakhs for individuals and upto Rs 15
crore for renewable energy projects under Priority Sector Lending Toll free
solar helpline: 1800-233-4477

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Power bills for low consumption up by 50 per cent: BSES chief

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 575  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


With many consumers outraged over what they claim are abnormally high
electricity bills, power distribution company (discom) BSES has now compiled
statistics to show that withdrawal of government subsidy has affected the
economically weaker sections more than the upper-middle class.

According to BSES Chief Executive Officer Arun Kanchan, the discom has found
that power bills for consumers from economically weaker sections have risen by
"over 50 per cent" since the government subsidies were withdrawn on May 31.
Moreover, consumption of power by middle class and upper middle class consumers
in BSES areas has increased by nearly 35% since previous summers.  Their bills
in turn have increased between 11 and 50 per cent.

Giving an instance of a lower middle class household, Kanchan said if a consumer
used 350 units in two months, his bill for two months would have been Rs 420
when the subsidies were effective. "With both subsidies lapsing on May 31, his
bill is now Rs 857.50," he added.

Till May 31, the government gave subsidy provided two subsidies - one was for
all domestic consumers wherein they recieved a 10% reduction on their total
bill. The other was a targetted subsidy for consumers from the economicallyw
eaker sections wherein they got a subsidy of Rs. 1 per unit if they limited
their consumption to 150 units in non-peak months and 200 units in peak months.

The Cabinet has already approved the continuation of "targeted subsidy" for
those who consume less power, but it is yet to be notified. Without subsidy,
consumers are charged up to Rs 3.95 per unit. A statement issued by the
government says that the targeted subsidy will be applicable retrospectively
from the next billing cycle. Kanchan said, "The targeted subsidy will be
calculated from June 1 and consumers who qualify will receive a refund of the
extra amount (charged in subsequent bills)."

Reacting to complaints by many consumers that power bills in the last two months
have been abnormally high, Kanchan said studies by BSES shows power consumption
in middle class and upper middle class households has risen "nearly 35 per cent"
from last summer. In areas under BSES Rajdhani, "where consumers are largely
from upper middle class households, we have seen phenomenal growth in
consumption", Kanchan said. But Deepti Trehan Janakpuri resident said many
consumers would question the statistics dished out by BSES. "I cannot understand
all the technical reasons being given every day," she said. "I have had to pay
more than Rs 7,600 this month and my bill has never been that high. Both I and
my husband work, so I don't know how our consumption can suddenly be so high."
Trehan said her average bills for summers have always been between Rs 4,500 and
Rs 5,500.

Meanwhile, Kanchan said 62,000 consumers billed low amounts in July have been
sent a communication: they will have to pay more this month. He said the low
bills were the result of an error: "International norms allow for a 3-per cent
error rate in billing. We are well within that limit."

High consumptionKanchan said that in NDPL areas, consumption has risen by over
70 per cent for 20 per cent of the consumers. An NDPL official could not confirm
the statistics, however he did say, "Consumption has certainly risen
phenomenally due to the extreme weather conditions this summer. The fact that we
provided uninterrupted power supply has also led to an increase in consumption
patterns since last summer."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday

Subsidy on limited power consumption to continue

LENGTH: 575  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 27 -- The Delhi Government on Monday decided to continue its
subsidy linked to limited consumption of power for domestic consumers and agreed
to provide subsidised power to agricultural consumers in the national Capital.
As per the Delhi Cabinet decision, the targeted subsidy of Re 1 per unit for all
domestic consumers restricting their consumption in off-peak or peak months
would continue till March 31, 2011.

The Delhi Government has been giving the subsidy to all domestic consumers who
restrict their monthly consumption up to 150 units during the off-peak months of
February, March, April, September, October and November while consumption limit
to get the benefit is 200 units during peak demand months of May, June, July,
August, December and January. The Cabinet decision would cost the State
exchequer of Rs 141.57 crore. Earlier this month, under pressure from petrol
pump dealers, the Delhi Government has reduced the VAT rate from 20 per cent to
12.5 per cent on diesel.

According to Cabinet note, the decision would benefit around 19.85 lakh domestic
consumers. The subsidy scheme had expired on May 30 and the Government has
decided to continue it from June 1 to March 31, 2011. The scheme was first
introduced in the year 2008. It may be noted that Planning Department has
opposed the Government move to continue targeted subsidy, saying that the burden
of subsidy should be reduced gradually. "To begin with it is suggested that the
targeted subsidy of Re 1 per unit may be given only to those domestic consumers
who consume up to 150 units per month irrespective of peak and off-peak months.
It would reduce the financial burden from Rs 141.57 crore to Rs 63 crore," the
Planning Department said in its comment.

As per data provided by discoms, 17.35 lakh consumers benefited from the
targeted subsidy scheme in 2008-09. The number of consumers increased to 17.42
lakh in 2009-10. In the current financial year, the Government has estimated
19.84 lakh consumers.

The Government has also decided to continue the existing special subsidy policy
to agricultural consumers on power consumption up to March 31, 2011. The
agricultural consumers are getting power at Rs 1.55 per unit, less than the
normal rate. The estimated financial implication on account of the special
subsidy will be around Rs 1.50 crore. The subsidy amounting to Rs 1.09 crore
already released three discoms.

The special subsidy to domestic and agricultural consumers had been introduced
from July 2005 with the intention of neutralising the tariff hike by the Delhi
Electricity Regulatory Commission (DERC). Initially, the subsidy being given by
the Government was for neutralising 50 per cent of the tariff impact caused by
the DERC orders of 2005-2006 and 2006-07 for maintaining their tariff at the
level of 2004-05. The balance 50 per cent of the increased impact was being
borne by discoms till 2007-08. The financial burden of discoms on account of
sharing of 50 per cent of subsidy has been adjusted in subsequent DERC tariff
order keeping in view the improved efficiency gains.

"We have decided to continue the targeted subsidy to certain categories of
domestic consumers and special subsidy to agricultural consumers up to March 31,
2011," said Dikshit. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             July 26, 2005, Tuesday

Subsidy shock

SECTION: ADVERTISING; SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 780 words


FEDERATED FARMERS' presidents in the 1980s -- Rob Storey, Peter Elworthy and
Brian Chamberlin -- had to confront the loss of government farming subsidies and
the fallout it created for rural communities. The move away from subsidies was a
turning point in New Zealand's recent agricultural history and shaped the
industry into the world leader it is today.

Subsidies were imposed at a time when farmers were operating in an environment
where the exchange rate was controlled, inflation was high, and industrial
action was common.

"We basically made the decision that we had to live without subsidies and that
we would have to front up in the world marketplace," Rob said.

"The federation really came up with the economic reforms that were required
before (former finance minister) Roger Douglas did. He gets the credit for it,
which is fair enough because he was the guy who implemented most of it, but the
blueprint for it was produced by the Federation in about 1982," Mr Chamberlin,
president from 1987-1990, said.

"We took (the concept) to Muldoon and he basically chucked us out of his office
because he said that wasn't the way we did things in New Zealand but history
changed it all and we were part of it."

When the time for change did come in 1986, the subsidies were taken off almost
overnight, sending shockwaves through the rural community. To make matters worse
for farmers, subsidies in other sectors of the economy remained initially, and
were only gradually removed. Another difficulty in adjusting to life after
subsidies was the reluctance of the Labour government to reform the labour
market. It took a change in government before the Employment Contracts Act was
passed in 1991.

With incomes propped up by government subsidies, many farmers had invested
heavily in new land and new plant. When the subsidies came off, their income
dropped significantly and so did the value of their property.

Rob McLagan, chief executive from 1978-1995, describes the period as traumatic.

"The adjustment process was very harsh and unfair because it was not applied
evenly across all sectors."

The Government put in place a scheme designed to allow farmers who were
virtually bankrupt to exit the farm with at least some assets. Rob was involved
in a number of meetings between farmers and creditors.

"It was a terrible time. A number of farmers committed suicide during that
period."

In 1986, Sir Peter Elworthy led a march on parliament of 10,000-12,000 farmers
demanding more even-handed policies.

Mr Chamberlin said that from the start of the federation in the 1940s to the
early 1970s, the leadership had advocated the free market system. It was the
rise of the European Economic Community, and New Zealand's progressive loss of
markets, and the rapid rate of inflation that changed the federation's stance
from advocating the free market-type economy to becoming part of the planned
economy and accepting government subsidies. From the mid-1970s to the early
1980s, the federation had pushed for farm subsidies.

"Not because we thought it was a good idea, but because we thought it was the
only way we could get recompensed for what we were losing through the rate of
inflation, the loss of markets through protectionism in other countries and,
more especially, the protection of other industries in New Zealand," he said.

Mr Chamberlin, author of Farming and Subsidies -- Debunking the Myth, said by
the early 1980s they realised the subsidies required would have been so great
that no government would have been able to afford to pay them.

Graham Robertson, president from 1993-1996, remembered arguing "valiantly"
against the system of subsidies in the 1970s, at a time when it was not a very
popular stand. Despite the removal of subsidies in the 1980s, he believed it was
well into the 1990s before most farmers throughout the country acknowledged that
the subsidies were "dopey" and that they were better off without them. Mr
Chamberlin said that, having gone through the economic reforms in New Zealand,
the federation realised if farmers did not get better access to international
markets and if other countries weren't forced to reduce the subsidies they were
paying, New Zealand's farming industry didn't stand much of a chance.

"For a small organisation, we took on reforming the New Zealand economy but,
also, from the mid 80s and into the 90s, we took on the rest of the world saying
that subsidies and protection internationally had to be reduced."

From the late 1980s through to the early 1990s the federation spent less time
working on the industrial front, and more time trying to influence government
policy.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     August 28, 1991, Wednesday, 4* EDITION

Removing farm subsidies remains a priority

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 264 words


I would like to respond to a Southam News story on Canadian farm subsidies which
appeared in the Sun's Business section Aug. 12 (Canada Criticized for Subsidies
and which could be misleading.

Canada and the other members of the GATT have targeted the reduction of trade
distorting subsidies as a major objective of the current Uruguay Round
negotiations. The OECD subsidy numbers referred to in the article are based on a
technical measure known as the producer subsidy equivalent (PSE). This is an
aggregate yardstick used by the OECD to measure the monetary value of all direct
and indirect transfers to farmers. However the PSE does not distinguish between
assistance which is trade distorting and that which is not. For example, export
subsidies are treated in the same way as spending on research and inspection
programs to maintain food safety standards. This qualitative distinction is
important.

Canada has not led the recent global use in farm subsidies, but rather has
reacted to that rise to cushion the impact on this country's producers. The
increase in Canada's PSE in recent years in large part reflects the income
support payments made to Canadian grain producers to compensate them for the
severe price depressing effects of the export subsidy war waged by the U.S. and
the European Community. Such assistance to compensate Canadian producers would
not be necessary if agreement is reached in the Uruguay Round to curtail export
subsidies.

PETER SUTHERLAND

Director General

International Trade Policy

Directorate

Agriculture Canada

Ottawa


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                          September 29, 2010 Wednesday

Govt set to cap fuel subsidy at last year's outgo

BYLINE: Deepshikha Sikarwar

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 591 words


NEW DELHI: The government plans to limit its share of fuel subsidy payout to
last year's levels despite higher losses this year, a move that could result in
a significant drop in profits for domestic oil companies.

This would require oil marketing companies IOC, HPCL and BPCL to absorb a
substantial portion of the losses incurred in selling petro fuels below cost.

"It (petroleum subsidy) is expected to be close to that of last year," a finance
ministry official said, adding the borrowing plan for the second half of the
year was decided after fixing the fuel subsidy outgo.

A part of the subsidy will be paid by government-owned oil producing companies
ONGC and OIL. The finance ministry will pay its share of subsidy compensation in
cash.

Subsidies, referred to as under recoveries in industry parlance, is equivalent
to the loss suffered by the oil marketing companies for selling fuel at
government controlled prices.

In 2009-10, the government agreed to bear only Rs 26,000 crore of the total
under recovery of Rs 46,051 crore. The total subsidy bill is estimated to be in
the region of Rs 53,000 crore this year, higher by almost Rs 7,000 crore from
last year's figure, due to higher crude oil prices.

Despite a partial decontrol of fuel prices, whereby oil companies are allowed to
fix petrol prices, the bulk of the losses still remains as diesel, cooking gas
and Kerosene continue to be sold at a loss. Diesel, which constitutes almost 45%
of the total fuel consumption, accounts for a large portion of the losses.

While upstream oil companies ONGC and OIL India forked out Rs 14,430 crore as
subsidy liability, oil marketing companies had to absorb Rs 5,621 crore losses
on their books.

The finance ministry's decision makes it clear that both upstream and downstream
companies have to budget for higher subsidies, which will impact their bottom
lines.

Government-run fuel retailers IOC, HPCL and BPCL recorded losses in the first
quarter of the current financial year as they are yet to get compensated by the
government.

ONGC reported 24% lower profit in the first quarter at Rs 3,661 crore. The
company paid Rs 5,515 crore in subsidies in the first quarter as against Rs 429
crore in the year before. The results for the first half in 2010-11 will depend
on whether the government pays out the subsidy compensation in time.

A final decision on the sharing of subsidy burden between the stake holders -
the government, oil marketing companies an upstream companies - will be taken by
the empowered group of ministers, or EGoM.

The finance ministry is keen to settle the concerns over subsidy sharing soon so
that it can move ahead with the proposed sale of shares in ONGC and Indian oil.
The oil ministry is seeking a transparent mechanism, not an adhoc allocation, of
subsidies.

"The government has to evolve a transparent mechanism to compensate oil PSUs
before IOC and ONGC issues," an oil ministry official said. The follow-on public
offers of IOC and ONGC are expected to hit the market in the current fiscal
year.

The government's recently announced borrowing plan for the second half of the
current fiscal will see it borrowing Rs 10,000 crore less than the budgeted Rs
4,57,000 crore for the year.

"Our borrowing plan for the second half has assumed the worst case scenario for
oil subsidy," the finance ministry official said, indicating that subsidy amount
is unlikely to change.

The government has paid oil companies Rs 26,000 crore in 2009-10. Unlike earlier
years, the entire subsidy was paid in cash.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 20, 2008 Monday

South Korean government under fire over rice farming subsidies

LENGTH: 683 words


Text of report in English by South Korean news agency Yonhap

[Yonhap original headline: "Gov't Rice Farming Subsidies Topped 990 Bln Won in
2007: Gov't"]

Seoul, Oct. 20 (Yonhap) - The South Korean government paid nearly 1 trillion won
($760US million) in direct rice farming subsidies in 2007, a report showed
Monday, amid snowballing allegations that a sizable sum of the money ended up in
the hands of ineligible recipients.

The subsidies were implemented after the government was forced to stop buying
heavily subsidized domestic rice under World Trade Organization rules in 2005,
in order to give farmers some additional financial help. The funds were intended
solely for rice farmers, not for land owners.

According to the report by the Ministry for Food, Agriculture, Forestry and
Fisheries, more than 1 million people received 990 billion won in subsidies last
year, with some landlords taking money from tenants by falsely claiming they
farmed the land themselves.

In 2007 alone, 712 billion won was paid in "set" amounts to rice farmers, while
279.1 billion won was doled out as additional support in the form of "variable"
subsidies, the report said.

Both payments are designed to ensure a stable income for farmers. The ministry
said that individual farmers received an average of 661,000 won in set subsidies
and 275,000 won in variable subsidies last year.

Of those who received set subsidies, 60 per cent, or about 642,000, got less
than 500,000 won, with 17 per cent getting more than 1 million won. An
additional 7,270 people received subsidies in excess of 5 million won.

For variable subsidies, 87 per cent received less than 500,000 won, with only
3.6 per cent, or 36,712 recipients, getting more than 1 million won, according
to the report.

The farm ministry has pledged to tighten eligibility rules for farmers who
receive such financial support in 2009 so that non-growers do not receive the
funds. Under new measures forwarded to the National Assembly, only farmers who
rely solely on farming as their main source of income may apply for such
subsidies.

At present, only those who actually produce rice or have worked in rice paddies
in the past are eligible for the subsidies. Definitions of who can be considered
a farmer are vague, however, allowing property owners to claim subsidies that
leave tenant farmers empty-handed.

Other proposed changes include stiff fines for non-farmers who apply for the
subsidy.

The Board of Audit and Inspection said earlier in the month that more than a
quarter of subsidy recipients in 2006, or as many as 280,000 people, may have
been non-farmers. There is speculation that up to 10,000 of them were government
officials and employees of state-run corporations.

The farm ministry has since opened a special office dedicated to screening
subsidy recipients whose listed addresses are far away from the rice paddies
they supposedly farm. It said that an initial list of people who may have
falsely received funds should be compiled by mid-November, and that every effort
will be taken to ferret out violators within the year.

The screening will cover past recipients dating back to 2005 and those that have
applied for funds this year, according to the ministry. Immediate measures will
also be taken to recoup money sent to intelligible applicants.

"Because of the urgency (of the issue), subsidies review committees are to be
set up in the 2,400 rural counties and wards within the year, with
representatives of farmers' groups, public companies and the agricultural
cooperative to take part in the screening process," said a ministry spokesman.
He said 2,500 violation report centres are to be opened nationwide to receive
tips on possible false claims.

Agriculture Minister Chang Tae-pyong recently met with 35 representatives of
farmers groups and pledged a speedy investigation and retrieval of funds.

"In the future, safeguards are to be established that will ensure subsidies only
go to dedicated rice farmers," he said, urging local growers do their part to
report ineligible recipients.

Source: Yonhap news agency, Seoul, in English 2102 gmt 19 Oct 08

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Daily News Egypt

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Egypt's subsidy system: questionable corruption, unending problems

BYLINE: Hisham Salah

LENGTH: 1695 words


At the beginning of the 20th century, when the world was plagued by famines and
world wars, governments enlisted food subsidy programmes to feed their citizenry
in these desperate times. Such programmes are still used by government's all
over the world in order to combat poverty and hunger.

However, many countries across the world have stopped providing food subsidies
and switched to cash support, after corruption plagued their food subsidy
programmes. In Egypt's case, corruption has been part of the subsidy system from
its beginning under former president Gamal Abdel Nasser to current President
Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi.

After years of dealing in a fraudulent system, how can the government combat the
current level of corruption? Is Egypt's current subsidy model what the country
needs?

Daily News Egypt takes a look at ways to improve the efficiency of the subsidy
programme.

Khaled Hanafy, former minister of supply and interior trade

Is Egypt's current subsidy system a failure?

For over 60 years, Egypt has provided its impoverished citizens with food
subsidies in order to help them survive. Yet, throughout its entire duration,
the subsidy system has been faced with corruption despite efforts to combat such
malpractices.

In February 2014, Khaled Hanafy, former minister of supply and interior trade,
tried to implement a new system to end the corruption, but unfortunately he was
unsuccessful.

The system he created is still in place until now. How do economists view the
system and what changes would they recommend?

Hany Tawfek, an economic expert, said that the current system for subsidies is a
proven failure, adding that food subsidies are no longer the default government
charity system in most parts of the world.

He believes that having second prices for any product opens the door for
corruption, allowing a third party to intervene between the government and the
poor.

Mexico and Brazil, for example, put a halt to their food subsidies programmes in
order to end the unwieldy corruption.

Tawfek said cash support is a better option for families who are below the
poverty line and do not have any source of income. However, such families must
meet a few conditions. Children in these families must apply for education and
must receive health care from the designated government health facility.

They must also apply for government-run or private programmes that train assist
them with job hunting, Tawfek said.

Tawfek believes that the current system, which relies on ration cards, in not
the best method to be able to tackle subsidy distribution, as they lead to the
same types of corruption by which a third party is able to intervene.

Hanafy's programme implemented in 2014 distributed subsidies via electronic
cards, which contains EGP 21 per month--which increased recently by EGP 3 up
from EGP 18 following the flotation of the Egyptian pound--to purchase food
products such as rice, sugar, and cooking oil.

The current system, which relies on ration cards, in not the best method to be
able to tackle subsidy distribution
(Photo Public domain)

I don't believe that anyone has the power to end the institutional and personal
corruption that Egypt suffers from, even President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi, claimed
Tawfek.

Tawfek said that the government is unable to provide more than the current
amount, which is worthless, adding that EGP 21 can hardly help feed a family.

He believes that the main problem is the small amount of taxes that the
government collects, explaining that in any given country taxes represent around
25% of its income. According to Tawfek, in Egypt's case, that would add up to
EGP 750bn, but unfortunately Egypt collects only EGP 350bn, which represents
just 12% of its income.

The government must reorganise Egypt's tax system in order to increase its total
income, which would assist the company with being able to support the poor with
subsidies.

Inflation rate, economic woes provide obstacles to reforming subsidy system

On 28 November, the Egyptian Center for Opinion Research (Baseera) said that one
in every three Egyptian families are willing to forgo their ration card,
according to a recent survey.

Eight in every 10 Egyptian families has a subsidy card. Lower Egypt has the
highest number of subsidy card holders with 89% of its residents being card
holders, while Upper Egypt follows with 80% of its residents benefitting from
subsidies.

every Egyptian believes in the importance of governmental subsidies

Approximately 20 million people hold ration cards, a number that is likely
higher than the amount of people who qualify to receive ration cards. With such
a large segment of the population receiving some form of subsidies, some
economists ponder whether the system in place is best equipped to tackle the
needs of Egypt's impoverished.

Omar El-Shenety, the managing director of Multiples Group, said that every
Egyptian believes in the importance of governmental subsidies, whether that
comes in the form of cash or food. However, the problems lie in the absence of a
database that regulates who is receiving subsidies in order to make sure they
are going to the right people.

He believes that the current number of people who receive ration cards is way
higher than the amount that should be receiving them.

He said the current database is inaccurate, and that there are people from the
middle class receiving ration cards who should not be.

On the other hand, El-Shenety does not think switching from food to cash is the
best idea given current economic circumstances. "The government cannot implement
a full cash subsidy system for the poor," El-Shenety said, adding that it is not
possible to implement such a thing given the current high inflation rate.

He believes implementing cash subsidies and getting rid of food subsidies would
increase the inflation rate, which is already at its highest levels. El-Shenety
explained that Iran switched from a food subsidy programme to one that
distributes cash and witnessed an increase in the inflation rate, which is
something Egyptians cannot afford.

It is like what happened with floating the Egyptian pound, he said, explaining
that all experts believed that the price of the pound against the US dollar
could not cross EGP 13 per dollar. But the flotation mechanism creates an
unrealistic higher price of currencies, which would be further exacerbated if
the government provided cash support.

The problem is that if the government stopped subsidising food products, they
would be offered at their fair, although higher, prices, which would increase
the inflation rate, he noted.

El-Shenety sees that the current subsidy system is a better system for Egypt for
the time being, given the current economic problems.

The Egyptian government must create an improved, transparent database for those
who truly are considered poor and need ration cards; otherwise, nothing is going
to solve the problem with subsidies, he said.

By clearing up the database and removing people who are not entitled to ration
cards, it would be possible for the government to increase its support for the
poor, he said.

The current unemployment rate in Egypt stands at 12.6%, according to the Central
Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics.

Informal economy, budget deficit make providing unemployment benefits difficult

Many countries provide unemployment benefits for their citizens who want to find
jobs, but cannot.

Such benefits often provide a safety net for both the government and recipients,
in order to avoid from members of the populace falling too far below the poverty
line. In Egypt, the number of citizens slipping into poverty has been
increasing. With the recent increase in prices over the past couple of months,
the poverty rate is likely to increase at an even quicker pace.

The current unemployment rate in Egypt stands at 12.6%, according to the Central
Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics.

Aliaa El-Mahdy, former dean of the economics and political science college at
Cairo University, said Egypt would be unable to provide unemployment benefits at
least for the next 10 years due to the lack of knowledge and concrete
information regarding the unemployed and their demographics.

She believes that a major part of this is due to the informal economic sector,
which presents an obstacle to Egypt being able to provide unemployment benefits.

"It would be impossible to know whether a person applying for these benefits has
any other source of income or not," she noted.

El-Mahdy emphasised the importance of bringing the informal sector into the
formal economy. She believes that the government is working on creating a
database to help the government plan for the upcoming period. However, she does
not believe the government has taken the steps necessary to fold the informal
sector into the formal economy.

According to some unofficial studies, Egypt's informal economy is estimated to
be worth more than EGP 2tn.

Reham El-Desoky, a senior economist at Arqam Capital investment bank in Cairo,
said if the government provides unemployment benefits, it would mean that
Egypt's unemployed would have less an incentive to look for jobs.

She believes that young people who are suitable for a variety of jobs have
refused available job opportunities without fair reasons, emphasising that
unemployment benefits must only be provided to those unable to find a job, and
only for a short period of time.

El-Desoky also believes that the government also has too large a budget deficit,
which would prevent them from providing such a thing.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/9/11/63/148119493948.jpg?resize=238%2C159

Khaled Hanafy, former minister of supply and interior trade

http://imgs.syndigate.info/9/11/39/148119493975.jpg?resize=303%2C170

The current system, which relies on ration cards, in not the best method to be
able to tackle subsidy distribution (Photo Public domain)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/9/11/67/148119493991.jpg?resize=348%2C232

every Egyptian believes in the importance of governmental subsidies

http://imgs.syndigate.info/9/11/90/148119494015.jpg?resize=296%2C197

The current unemployment rate in Egypt stands at 12.6%, according to the Central
Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 11


         Copyright 2016 Daily News Egypt - Egyptian Media Services Ltd.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                           October 13, 2011 Thursday

Fuel Subsidy - Senate to Probe NNPC, PPPRA, Others

BYLINE: Uchenna Awom, Chibuzo Ukaibe And Patrick Ochoga

LENGTH: 511  words


The senate yesterday resolved to investigate the operations of the fuel subsidy
scheme even as senators were sharply divided over whether the controversial fuel
subsidy should remain or not.

After a heated debate on the subsidy scheme, the senate mandated its committee
on Petroleum Resources (downstream Sector), Appropriation and Finance to
investigate the scheme.

In the purview of the probe, the Ministry of Petroleum, Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), Department of Petroleum Resources (DPR), and the
Petroleum Product Price Regulatory Agency (PPPRA)and other agencies are detailed
to provide explanations on the management of the fuel subsidy scheme.

This comes as the Senate president, David Mark, adduced the failure of the fuel
subsidy to its hijack by a cartel. He lamented that 90 percent of Nigerians are
not beneficiaries of the subsidy.

The resolution to probe the operation of the fuel subsidy followed a motion
sponsored by Senator Abubakar Saraki (PDP) and 13 others which sought to launch
an investigation into the current fuel subsidy management.

Leading the debate, however, Sen. Saraki, who argued that the removal of fuel
subsidy should be based on informed decision, stated that the implementation of
the 2011 Appropriation Act will surely be in troubled waters if a variation of
N1.2trn arises as a result of the level of expenditure incurred on fuel subsidy
so far.

However, while all the senators welcomed the motion, some contended that the
crux of the motion dwelt on failure of subsidy scheme and as such it should be
removed. Others maintained that fuel subsidy should remain, emphasising rather
the need to ensure transparency and stem the constitutional breaches as regards
the management of the scheme.

Presiding over the debate, Mark said my personal believe is that there is a
cartel and whatever they do like most of you know with the mafia, is exclusive
to them. 90 percent of us are not in that circle. There is need to open it up."

Meanwhile, the face-off between the Federal Government and Organized Labour
further deepens with the President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC),
Abdulwaheed Omar, yesterday denying reaching any treaty with the Federal
Government over the proposal to remove subsidy on petrol.

Omar stated this in Benin City yesterday when he led the leadership of the
Congress on a courtesy visit to the Oba of Benin. He said they were in the state
for the National Administrative Council meeting of the NLC.

At the palace, he appealed to Oba Erediuwa to intervene on the issue by calling
on the federal government to stop the intention of removing the subsidy as he
said that would bring more hardship to Nigerians.

The Oba of Benin, on his part, thanked the labour leaders for their visit adding
that the NLC has by example showed its capability.

He said, "I can remember that the last time you were in Edo, it was with the
governor (Adams Oshiomhole), who then was your president. Since then, he
(Oshiomhole) has gone on to what he is today, and he has transformed the state,
the rest all of you can see."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                              May 8, 2005, Sunday

Silver lining behind the fumes of worry..ZO: B -All Region

BYLINE: ABDUL RAZAK AHMAD

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1184 words


The Government can no longer afford to hold down fuel prices. But the
case for gradually dismantling the subsidies goes beyond lost revenue.
Managed well, it could be the first step towards a more competitive
economy, writes ABDUL RAZAK AHMAD.

KHAIRUL Izwan Abidin was shocked when he went to the filling station on
Thursday morning and discovered that a full tank of petrol for his Proton
Wira cost RM5 more.

When the 35-year-old office worker realised that the price of petrol
and diesel had gone up seven per cent and 23 per cent respectively, the
first thought that crossed his mind was how much more a glass of teh
tarik was going to cost.

"Then I started wondering whether this also meant roti canai is heading
for a price hike, along with fish and my children's bus fares," said the
father of four. Khairul earns RM1,200 a month and lives in Petaling Jaya,
which means he can only afford a second-hand car and live in a rented
low-cost apartment.

"I know that the Government cannot afford to subsidise fuel as much as
it has done, but is this worth it?"

His concern is a common one.

It remains to be seen how big an effect Thursday's price increases, the
biggest since 1993 in the case of diesel, will have on the price of goods
and services. But the whole affair is not just a case of the country
having to grin and bear it because the Government can no longer afford
spiralling subsidies.

Such subsidies may have cost RM4.8 billion last year and would have
jumped to an estimated RM8.9 billion if left unchecked, but the bigger
issue is that the gradual dismantling of fuel subsidies, though painful
in the short term, presents a unique opportunity for Malaysia.

Managed effectively, it can benefit the economy and make it more
competitive in the long run.

The main indications of a continuing reduction in fuel subsidies were
seen in Thursday's hikes and Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad
Badawi's speech at the Harvard Club. Abdullah cited an addiction to
subsidies as one of three "bad habits" that had to be kicked.

That speech is being read as a sign of the Government's determination
for lower subsidies and as a call for Malaysians to prepare for more
competition.

"Those seem to be the messages," said Lee Heng Guie, head of economics
at CIMB Securities. "The focus now is on how the Government will manage
the reduction in subsidies. In any case, there will be a price to pay."

The challenge is huge. Fuel price hikes can lead to increases in the
prices of raw materials as well as goods and services, ranging from food
to bus fares. This can push up inflation as well as hold down private
spending.

"There will be some impact, but it's unavoidable because fuel subsidies
are unsustainable in the long term," said Professor Dr Mansor Jusoh,
chairman of Universiti Kebangsaan Malaysia's Centre for Economic Studies.

And trying to deal with smuggling by introducing diesel quotas just
made matters worse when it led to shortages.

"Fuel pricing subsidies plus supply quotas equals the troubles we are
now in," said Mansor.

When it comes to reducing subsidies, the multi-billion ringgit question
is how low can you go?

"If ever we reached a time when subsidies were no longer necessary, we
would be in paradise, the only place where there are no subsidies," said
economist Datuk Dr Zainal Aznam Yusof.

He believes that current conditions do not indicate a situation where
the Government can end all subsidies. "We are not aiming to totally scrap
the subsidies. We're trying to reform the system so that we can minimise
them as far as we can," he said.

To achieve this, the Cabinet's committee on essential goods is
reviewing the system and will announce a mechanism to end abuses of the
subsidy and ensure that it only goes to the deserving.

But much more needs to be done.

Zainal suggests that the Government sets explicit targets if it wants
to gradually reduce subsidies.

"The deadlines could be included in our development planning framework.
We could say that by 2020, when our country is fully developed, the kind
of subsidies we have by then should be at a certain level."

In the meantime, the Government should incorporate clear guidelines and
targets on subsidy reductions in the country's medium-term plans (the
upcoming one is the Ninth Malaysia Plan from 2006 to 2010).

"My personal suggestion is explicit targets, since we want to make this
(subsidy reductions) a key policy issue," said Zainal, a working member
of the National Economic Action Council.

One challenge in reforming the fuel subsidies is mitigating its impact
on the poor.

"We have to identify and specify the target group of beneficiaries,"
said Zainal. "If we want to use subsidies to help fishermen, then why are
we also helping logistical and transport companies?"

The strategy of reducing subsidies should be linked to poverty
eradication.

By slowly reducing fuel price subsidies, more funds will be freed for
economic projects that can help raise the standard of living for the
poor. They, in turn, will be able to afford goods and services without
having to be subsidised.

Another group likely to be affected by the price hikes is the
manufacturing sector. But while there has been much talk about how the
fuel price increases will jeopardise the sector, both Mansor and Zainal
feel otherwise.

Zainal does not believe that oil constitutes a significant enough chunk
of production costs. And Mansor points out that while Malaysia suffered
inflation levels of up to 10 per cent during the twin global oil shocks
of 1973 and 1979, things are no longer the same.

"Oil no longer holds as big a sway over the production of goods here,
and because of this, I don't think the impact on our economy will be as
great this time," he said.

The Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers, which is conducting a survey
on the impact of the hikes, said the increases would have only an
indirect effect in most cases.

"Most manufacturers are using gas and electricity, and the price
increase is at the pump, while the industrial rate for diesel remains the
same," said federation president Datuk Mustafa Mansur. "There are
concerns, mainly because rising fuel prices could erode our
competitiveness. We, therefore, need to increase our efficiency."

Therein lies the silver lining in the cloud. The cuts can spur
companies to ease their reliance on subsidised energy to make them more
competitive.

But Zainal throws in a word of caution. "In terms of increasing
economic competitiveness, a removal of fuel price subsidies is only one
small step, not a giant leap.

"We also need to liberalise industrial policies on services and
products, and to develop a competition policy suitable to our level of
development."

Meeting all the requirements in reforming subsidies will not be easy.
But when the rationale includes greater efficiency and competition in the
economy, the long-term pay-offs could make the price of a slightly dearer
glass of teh tarik well worth it.

razak@nst.com.my


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2005 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 El Paso Times

                            February 18, 2005 Friday

Farmers' worries over payments grow;
Possible cut in subsidies is 'going to hurt'; Area farm subsidies

BYLINE: By Ken Flynn

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1F

LENGTH: 925 words


El Paso Times

A proposal by the Bush administration to limit crop subsidies has some cotton
farmers in the El Paso region worried and others puzzled.

The 2006 budget proposal for the U.S. Department of Agriculture recommends that
the government cap the amount of subsidies a farmer can get in one year at
$250,000, down from the present cap of $360,000. The administration also wants
farm subsidies cut 5 percent across the board.

"It's going to hurt farmers," said Jack Langenegger, vice president of
Southwestern Irrigated Cotton Growers Association. "It won't be so bad for
producers of Pima (long staple) cotton, but it will hurt producers of upland
(short staple) cotton, which we've seen a lot of in recent years."

Pima cotton is grown in West Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California, and
generally brings a higher price than upland cotton, he said. "It's in a little
niche of its own."

Critics of the subsidy program complain that the government favors big corporate
farmers and helps comparatively few small farmers.

"The days of the 100-acre family farm are gone," Langenegger said. "Farms have
to be big in order to be cost effective."

Langenegger said the most important part of the subsidy program is the loan
program, by which farmers secure loans on their cotton to sell it when the world
market is more favorable. The loans give farmers cash flow while they wait for
the market to change. The nine-month loans can either be repaid, or the
government will keep the commodity for resale at a more advantageous price.

Since 1995, no farmers in El Paso, Dona Ana or Hudspeth counties have received
the $360,000 maximum subsidy now allowed for one year, farm subsidy data
gathered by the Environmental Working Group of Washington, D.C., show.

Longtime Lower Valley farmer Johnny Stubbs heads the list of area farmers who
have received subsidies. He is listed by the Environmental Working Group as
having received $406,043 over a nine-year period from 1995 to 2003.

Las Uvas Valley Dairy in Hatch topped the Dona Ana County list at $1,118,024
during that time, and Miller Brothers Joint Venture in Fort Hancock received
$1,997,088 during the same nine years.

Subsidies received in El Paso County totaled $8.4 million; Dona County, $16.6
million; and Hudspeth County, $12.1 million, for an area total of $37.1 million.

Subsidies are paid to farmers for wheat, feed grains (corn, sorghum, barley,
oats), cotton, rice, soybeans and other oilseeds, milk (dairy), peanuts, sugar
and tobacco, according to the USDA.

Bill Lovelady, a Tornillo cotton farmer, said he would have to study the
proposed budget more closely before commenting on how it would affect El
Paso-Las Cruces-area farmers. "At this stage, I just don't know enough about the
proposed subsidy cuts."

Lovelady said that though many question whether farm subsidies are good or bad,
he believes they exist for a valid reason -- to keep U.S. agriculture
competitive on the world market.

"If we keep eroding farm subsidies, commercial farmers will take their capital
elsewhere and agriculture will be hurt," Lovelady said.

Lovelady's comments were echoed by U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-El Paso.

"Having grown up on a farm, I know it is a way of life that demands hard work
and dedication," Reyes said in an e-mail to the El Paso Times. "Recognizing the
difficulties farmers face, Congress passed the bipartisan farm bill in 2002,
which provided commodity support to farmers. This year, though, the Bush
Administration reneged on that promise, proposing deep cuts to the farm
subsidies created in the Farm Bill. Sadly, this is symptomatic of many of the
promises the Bush Administration has made in other areas, such as education and
veterans' programs."

Liz Moore, press secretary for Environmental Working Group, said by telephone
that the new cap on subsidies was "great."

"It something that's needed," she said. "Subsidies only help the top 10 percent
of farmers. Subsidies don't help the family farmer. Two-thirds of the farmers,
especially the vegetable producers, don't get any subsidies."

Top 10 recipients of farm subsidies in El Paso County, 1995-2003:

. J.P. Stubbs Farms Inc., Clint, $406,043.

. Spence Family Inc., Fabens, $370,134.

.R .E. & R.S. Skov LLC, Clint, $363,198.

. Sk 2 LLC, Clint, $357,661.

. Rogers Farms, Clint, $287,739.

. Lutich Family Farms, Ltd., Fabens, $271,315.

. James L. Ivey Ltd., Clint, $237,416.

. H.D. Hilley, El Paso, $235,386.

. Ivey Brothers Farms, El Paso $227,703.

. Island Dairies and Livestock, Fabens, $216,283.

More subsidies

Dona Ana County

.Las Uvas Valley Dairy, Hatch, $1,118,024,

.Jurado Farms, Las Cruces, $604,284.

.Dominguez Farms Inc., Mesquite, $454,494.

.Bill F. Porter, Salem, $437,762.

.Gonzalez Dairy Inc., Mesquite, $423,590.

.Willie Hernandez, Berino, $359,066.

.Rodney and Mary Lou Tharp, Las Cruces, $351,371.

.James D. Calhoun, Las Cruces, $335,217.

.Simpson Farms, Inc., Fairacres, $323,401.

.Joe Nelson Inc., Anthony, $293,756.

Hudspeth County

.Miller Brother Joint Venture, Fort Hancock, $1,997,088.

.Border Land Farms, Fort Hancock, $643,647.

.CLML Co., Dell City, $562,035.

.Harvey Hilley Jr., Fort Hancock, $345,636.

.James Lynch, Dell City, $333,422.

.Jack Lynch, Dell City, $311,704.

.Curtis L.Carr, Fort Hancock, $224,695.

Source: Environmental Working Group, Farm Subsidy Database, www.ewg.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            April 12, 1994, Tuesday

CANADIANS MOVE TO END WHEAT ROW WITH MEXICO POSSIBLE COMPROMISE MAY HURT US
EXPORTS

BYLINE: KEVIN G. HALL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 912 words

DATELINE: MEXICO CITY


The Canadian government is preparing a compromise with Mexico that could avert
retaliation against Canadian subsidized durum wheat at the possible expense of
U.S. wheat exports to Mexico.

Mexico officially notified Canada and the United States on Friday that they had
30 days to respond to an investigation by Mexico's commerce agency - Secretaria
de Comercio y Fomento Industrial (Secofi) - into subsidies of their heat
exports.

The subsidy investigation was first announced in March 28 editions of Mexico's
federal register, known as Diario Oficial.

Secofi investigators are examining Canada's Western Grain Transportation Act,
which provides a US$ 14 a ton transportation subsidy on wheat exports and the
U.S. Export Enhancement Program that gives wheat growers a $ 34-a-ton export
subsidy.

In a similar case pitting the United States against Canada, an arbitrator ruled
that Canada's transport subsidy was a farm-income subsidy instead of an export
subsidy and therefore did not skew export prices.

The United States insisted, however, that it will keep its export subsidies in
place as long as Canada keeps up its transport subsidization. Washington also
argued that the Canadian Wheat Board sets prices in an uncompetitive fashion and
has lots of "hidden" subsidies.

In an effort to resolve its dispute with Mexico and at the same time put
pressure on the United States over the Export Enhancement Program, agriculture
officials in Ottawa and at the Canadian Embassy here have prepared a possible
compromise that is being reviewed by Ottawa policy makers.

Under the proposed plan, Canada would agree to end its transport subsidy on all
wheat going to Mexico, but on the condition that the United States did the same
with its export program. If the United States does not agree, Canada would
eliminate the transport subsidy for Mexico-bound wheat, but would expect Mexico
to impose compensatory tariffs on U.S. wheat equivalent to the $ 34-a- ton
export subsidy.

"The Canadian reaction (to the subsidy investigation) is: 'We recognize the
problem Mexico is having with the United States as they're using us as a
scapegoat for their subsidies,' " said Samir Elkady, commercial counselor for
agriculture at the Canadian Embassy.

The Canadian agriculture official had little hope for a positive response to the
proposed compromise from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"It's obvious that they've been using us until now, but once we said, 'Hey guys,
we're out of this game,' they'll find another reason" to continue the subsidies
," he said of the U.S. position on the Export Enhancement Program.

The enhancement program, originally established during disputes with the
European Community, is run by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Under the
program, wheat exporters who plan to make a large-volume sale to a foreign
country submit a proposal to the department for an "export bonus."

The "bonus" allows the exporter to be competitive in the foreign market by
offering a lower price to the overseas buyer. The "bonus" makes up the
difference the exporter normally would have charged.

The current bonus for Mexico-bound wheat is $ 34, but Secofi calculated an
average of $ 30.89 between July 1993 and February 1994, most of the June 1993 to
March 1994 period under investigation. Secofi also anticipates the variable
Canadian transport subsidy will be $ 17.92 a metric ton.

Sources close to the U.S. wheat industry make no bones about the export
subsidies, noting that the very name of the program spells out the U.S.
position. They also do not mince words about Canadian wheat exports.

"Since they (the Canadians) have non-transparent pricing practices, they are
able to set prices in fashions that are not open and competitive," said a source
familiar with the dispute, but who requested anonymity because of its sensitive
nature.

"Whenever Canada wants to come into the Mexican market it can and does undercut
the United States," the source said.

Secofi investigators said there was enough evidence of "hidden" subsidies to
investigate the complaint from its domestic producers. It will review several of
the pricing and support practices of the Canadian Wheat Board.

While Canada and the United States continue to lock horns over wheat in several
different forums, Mexican wheat growers find themselves trying to stay afloat
against the larger, better-financed and more modern competitors to the north.
The North American Free Trade Agreement scrapped Mexican wheat import quotas in
favor of a flat $ 15-a-ton tariff.

If the Mexican government decides to impose steep penalties on wheat imports,
the U.S. exporters likely would be the hardest hit because the U.S. enhancement
program is so clearly an export subsidy. However, Secofi investigators are
probably mindful of the fact that the United States, which buys most of Mexico's
exports, would have plenty of retaliatory leverage.

Both the U.S. and Canadian embassies have been given 30 days to respond to
allegations of damage and loss by Mexican growers, but Canada has petitioned for
a 30-day extension. Canada contends Secofi violated its own rules by publishing
the investigation in its federal register before notifying its Nafta partners,
said Mr. Elkady.

The Canadian official speculated that the unexpected action by Mexico late last
month was designed to get the attention of Washington and Ottawa "so that we sit
together and solve our problems."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              843 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday

Govt mulls future of cooking oil

BYLINE: Vasantha Ganesan

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 359 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Will the cooking oil subsidy be the next to go after the end of
the bread subsidy?

The government is reviewing the subsidy, which costs the government about RM1
billion annually.

The secretary-general of the Ministry of Domestic Trade, Cooperatives and
Consumerism, Datuk Mohd Zain Mohd Dom, said the ministry has started talks with
the Ministry of Plantation Industries and Commodities on the matter.

"Our ministry started discussions with the Ministry of Plantation Industries and
Commodities late last year to study the future of subsidy for cooking oil," Zain
told the New Straits Times.

The price of cooking oil depends on the international price of palm oil. The
average price of palm oil last year at RM2,500 per tonne was lower than in 2008
at RM2,800 per tonne, but this year, the average price is expected to increase
to around RM2,600 per tonne.

However, Zain did not say if this meant it would altogether remove the subsidy
for cooking oil or reduce the quantum of subsidy.

For the first 11 months of last year, the government subsidy of cooking oil was
RM900 million.

Based on data from the ministry for the June-December 2007 period, the subsidy
was RM398.74 million while in 2008, the government spent RM1.18 billion in
cooking oil subsidy.

The government has been forking out subsidies for essential items like
petrol/diesel, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), general purpose flour, cooking oil
and the Super Tempatan series of five per cent to 20 per cent of broken rice.

It started to subsidise sugar last year but beginning this year, it has removed
the subsidy on white bread. The removal of this subsidy for bread provides it
with an additional RM89 million in hand.

While the price of sugar has been raised by 20 sen per kg, this will
nevertheless see the government spend RM1.008 billion to subsidise sugar this
year, as opposed to RM720 million last year.

This is because of the high global price of raw sugar.

Had it not increased the price of sugar, the government would pay RM1.26 billion
in sugar subsidies.

It is understood that the money saved from the removal of subsidy for bread
would be channelled to subsidise sugar.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             January 4, 1999 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Germany crusades against massive EU farm subsidies;
BIRTH OF THE EURO

BYLINE: GEOFF KITNEY

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 757 words


After introduction of the euro, a push is on for changes to the EU's most
expensive policy. GEOFF KITNEY writes from Berlin.

The historic birth of Europe's single currency has been accompanied by the most
positive sign yet that a big political push is about to be made to resolve the
most contentious issue between EU countries and the rest of the world - Europe's
massive agricultural subsidies.

The euro's launch on New Year's Day was marked by a commitment by the president
of the European Union, Germany's Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, to seek agreement
within three months on changes to the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) which
would contain its cost and reduce its distorting effect on world markets.

The push by Germany represents a big shift in the internal politics of Europe
over agricultural subsidies and offers the best hope that reform of agricultural
subsidies - demanded by Australian political and farming leaders for more than a
generation

- may occur.

In the past Germany has been a major obstacle to reform because of the strong
support its farm lobby has given to the conservative parties which have governed
for most of the postwar period.

But the new Social Democratic-Green coalition Government gets little support
from farmers and is more concerned about the massive cost to Germany of farm
subsidies than the unfair advantages that they have given German farmers.

Germany is taking the lead on the issue because its turn to take over the EU
presidency (a responsibility which rotates between the 15 European Union member
nations) coincides with two powerful shifts in European economic and political
affairs: the arrival of the single currency and a Europe-wide increase in the
strength of the Left.

With the German and other euro-zone governments under pressure to keep spending
down, the massive cost of the farm subsidies system is now regarded as
unaffordable.

Farm subsidies cost almost $70 billion a year, accounting for more than half the
EU budget.

Germany contributes by far the largest share of the subsidies. Without reforms
the cost of subsidies will grow strongly in the next few years.

The arrival of the euro will force an immediate re-organisation of the EU farm
subsidies system because of the disappearance of separate national currencies.

With 11 of the EU's 15 member countries having just one currency as of last
Friday, a complicated system of calculating the subsidies paid to farmers in the
different EU countries will be scrapped.

The end of this "green rates" currency system is expected to result in savings
of $4 billion a year in the cost of the CAP.

Germany wants this shake-up to be followed by the adoption of fundamental
changes to the CAP which would see big cuts in subsidy payments for European
farm products, including beef, grains and dairy products.

European Commission officials have already drawn up a plan for reducing farm
subsidies and the cost of the CAP as part of a reform program called Agenda
2000.

The Australian Government and farm groups have welcomed these reform plans as a
big step towards removing the distorting effects on agricultural product markets
of CAP subsidies.

Mr Schroeder said in a new year's message that reform of the CAP was one of the
most important elements of German plans for urgently needed restructuring of EU
finances.

His aim was to achieve an agreement by the end of March, when EU leaders will
hold a special summit meeting to discuss overhauling EU finances.

German officials said Mr Schroeder wanted to go all out to achieve an agreement
by this deadline and to use the momentum created by the launch of the euro to
achieve it.

Reform of EU finances will be the biggest test of the union's political leaders
in the aftermath of the euro's launch and is seen as crucial to sustaining
confidence in the cohesion of the EU.

Observers said the German push to reform the farm subsidies system represented
"pure pragmatic politics" rather than any strong view by the new German
Government about the lack of fairness of the CAP.

One official said: "They have big budget problems. They believe they are
carrying an unfair amount of the cost of funding the EU's budget and they see
farm subsidies as an area where they can make changes without high political
risk, unlike the previous government."

However, the German push for reform of the farm subsidies system faces
resistance. France is resisting because its farmers would be most affected. Less
wealthy EU nations have also criticised the EU budget reform plans, which would
mean big cuts in regional subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1999 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

Theft of Subsidies

LENGTH: 542 words


Civil servants are those who serve the nation and take responsibility for their
work for the people. But the public is now raising a question: for whom do civil
servants work? A scandal over subsidies for rice farmers shows that a large
number of public servants are only engrossed in the pursuit of self-interests,
at the sacrifice of the people. The scandal came to surface Tuesday when the
government's inspection agency disclosed that more than 40,000 civil servants
and employees of state-run enterprises illegally received farm subsidies.

Announcing its investigation results, the Board of Audit and Inspection (BAI)
said 280,000 of 998,000 subsidy recipients illegally benefited from the
compensation scheme for rice growers. The illegal recipients pocketed 168
billion won in 2006 alone. Shockingly, they included 39,971 civil servants and
6,213 workers with government-owned businesses. Even more surprising is that
Vice Health and Welfare Minister Lee Bong-hwa applied for subsidies by falsely
reporting to the local authorities that she was cultivating rice in Anseong,
Gyeonggi Province.

The subsidy scheme was introduced in 2005 to provide financial support for
farmers who protested the opening of the local rice market to cheap-priced
imports. Eligible recipients are those who actually grow rice, not the owners of
rice paddies. The subsidies are designed to make up for losses from falling rice
prices following the abolishment of a government rice purchase system, under
which farmers could sell their rice harvests higher than market prices.

However, landlords, who do not actually grow rice, have rushed to apply for
subsidies by filing false reports that they are rice farmers. It is deplorable
that government officials and employees of state-controlled enterprises have
jumped on the "subsidy rush." It's like having the fox guard the henhouse. Those
illegal recipients have gone too far in getting the subsidies, which should not
be up for grabs for non-farmers. They have unabashedly violated the law
governing the rice subsidies and cheated the government and the people. They
have also given up on the code of ethics and their duties and responsibility as
public servants.

More disappointing is that Vice Minister Lee claimed that she has not violated
any law or regulation, saying she applied for the subsidies as her husband had
planned to cultivate rice on her paddies. Who believes her claim? She has since
withdrawn her application. She should realize that she touched off a controversy
over the purchase of the paddies as she was appointed to the government post.
Critics raised suspicions that she bought the land for speculation.

The main opposition Democratic Party (DP) called for the sacking of Lee. And the
governing Grand National Party (GNP) requested the government take bold measures
against the illegal subsidy recipients and strengthen regulations to ensure that
the subsidies are given to eligible rice farmers. First of all, authorities must
conduct thorough investigations of the scandal and take legal action against the
thieves, especially the civil servants. The government should also recoup the
subsidies from the illegal beneficiaries. It is urgent that stricter discipline
is enforced on public servants.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            January 3, 2017 Tuesday

PhilHealth subsidies peak at P42.9 billion end-November

BYLINE: Elijah Joseph C. Tubayan

SECTION: Pg. S1/10

LENGTH: 345 words


TOTAL SUBSIDIES to the Philippine Health Insurance Corp. (PhilHealth) have
reached their highest level since end-2014, although December data have yet to
be accounted for, with total subsidies to government-owned and -controlled
corporations (GOCCs) surging last November by almost four times than in 2015,
according to the latest Treasury data.

GOCC subsidies for November 2016 grew 283.9% to P14.23 billion from P3.7 billion
in the same period in the prior year.

PhilHealth had more than half of total government subsidies in November at P7.69
billion, followed by the National Electrification Administration (NEA) and
National Irrigation Administration (NIA), which got P2.13 billion and P1.72
billion, respectively.

This marks PhilHealth's second subsidy under the Duterte administration,
following the P33.7 billion last July.

The 11-month total of PhilHealth subsidies was at P42.9 billion - making this
its largest total subsidy in a given year, exceeding 2014's total of P35.3
billion.

The subsidy increase for PhilHealth was on the back of the government's avowed
goal of wider medical coverage especially for beneficiaries among the poor. The
government allotted an additional P3 billion to the PhilHealth insurance budget
in the 2017 General Appropriations Act, which President Rodrigo R. Duterte
signed on Dec. 22.

As of end-November last year, government subsidies totaled P98.1 billion, rising
48.6% from the P66 billion in the comparable period in 2015.

The subsidies - which account for a little more than 4% of total public
expenditures - are granted to state-led financial and non-financial institutions
to cover operational expenses that are not supported by corporate revenues or
that fund specific projects or programs.

The higher subsidies contributed to the government's P228.3 billion total
spending for November 2016, which increased 33% from the P171.4 billion spent in
the same period in 2015.

The government faces a P19.145 billion budget gap in November, reversing its
fiscal position from the P6 billion surplus it recorded in the same month in
2015.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2017 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Idea exchange: Better LPG, kerosene targeting soon, says Dharmendra Pradhan

BYLINE: Siddhartha P Saikia

LENGTH: 664  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


After the success of the GiveItUp campaign that led to 1.01 crore LPG consumers
voluntarily surrendering their subsidies, the government is now determined to
take the process of limiting the sop to the really needy to its logical end.
Petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Tuesday that the plan was to
reduce the number of subsidised LPG consumers by another 2-2.5 crore from 15.2
crore at present. With the policy that households with annual income above R10
lakh is ineligible for LPG subsidy, the government would identify such
households still enjoying it by way of ascertaining the valuable physical assets
in their possession, the minister said.

He, however, said the income tax data might not be used for this purpose, as tax
filings are "confidential" in nature. "We may look at physical assets of a
consumer to determine if he belongs to the affluent class," the minister said at
the Indian Express Group's Idea Exchange programme.

A major feet of the Narendra Modi government, Pradhan said, was that it added
more than 3.7 crore new domestic LPG consumers in just two years to take their
number to 16.7 crore. Millions of households, especially women who have been
exposed to the smoke from chullahs fuelled by firewood/ dung, have been freed
from the serious hazard, the minister said.

In Budget 2016-17, finance minister Arun Jaitley promised to provide cooking gas
to the poorest 50 million households over the next few years.

Despite steps taken by the government to restrict LPG subsidy to the needy, the
consumer base for cooking gas expanded by a solid 3.7 crore to 16.7crore in the
two years of the Modi government, the fastest growth in at least the last couple
of decades.

Pradhan, also Rajya Sabha MP from Bihar, claimed that all parliamentarians have
given up their cooking gas subsidy after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's appeal.
He recalled Congress leaders such as Mallikarjun Kharge, AK Antony and Ashok
Chavan telling him that they surrendered their subsidies soon after the PM's
appeal.

Interestingly, when the petroleum ministry carried out a survey of nearly 1 lakh
LPG consumers residing in affluent areas such as South Mumbai, South Delhi, Salt
Lake in Kolkata and a few areas in Chennai, it came to fore that just 3% of them
have surrendered the cooking gas subsidy. "The government wants to give LPG
subsidy to the poor. We will come out with a mechanism to stop giving subsidy to
affluent households," the minister said.

When the Modi government came to power in May 2014, there were about 17 crore
domestic cooking gas consumers on the roll. After the launch of PAHAL or the
direct benefit transfer of LPG (DBTL) scheme, nearly 3 crore duplicate/fake
consumers were weeded out. Currently, there are 16.7 crore domestic consumers,
of which 15.2 crore get the subsidy. Another 1.01 crore have voluntarily given
up the subsidy, while 0.5 crore consumers did not link their bank account with
the LPG connection, and virtually stopped getting subsidy.

Talking about pruning kerosene subsidy, Pradhan said that the government has
asked the "states to put in place beneficiaries list" with a view to target the
subsidy to those who need it for cooking/lighting. "We have asked the states to
tell us who should get kerosene subsidy. They are also losing revenue. We are
trying to make a gateway this financial year for targeted distribution of
kerosene subsidy," the 46-year-old minister said. Nearly 30-40% of the
subsidised kerosene is being black-marketed.

The government had decided to provide a fixed subsidy of Rs 18 per kg under DBTL
during April-October, which has been revised to Rs 15 per kg from November 2015
onwards. The average subsidy on domestic LPG reduced by about 63% to Rs 11.08 a
kg in FY16 against Rs 29.63 per kg in FY15. This made the government revise the
provision for LPG subsidy downwards by Rs 3 per kg. The benchmark Brent crude
oil price fell nearly 44% to an average of $48.73 per barrel in FY16 against
$86.60 per barrel in FY15.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Gulf Daily News

                                  May 26, 2015

Government plans more subsidy cuts

BYLINE: MOHAMMED AL A'ALI

LENGTH: 629 words


ELECTRICITY and water subsidies will be the next to be axed as part of the
Bahrain government's cost-cutting measures, it has emerged.

The Cabinet last week announced it was scrapping meat subsidies altogether from
August 1, as well as increasing fees for government services to make them
available at cost price.

Bahraini families would be compensated with payments directly into their bank
accounts, but the decision has prompted opposition from MPs and the Shura
Council - with parliament threatening to veto the budget altogether unless
subsidies are retained.

However, Information Affairs Minister and official government spokesman Isa Al
Hammadi told journalists yesterday that even further subsidy cuts were planned.

He revealed power and water subsidies - which are expected to cost the
government BD325.5 million this year and BD315.7m next year - would be the next
to be cancelled, but did not say when.

Mr Al Hammadi added that the subsidy measures were in line with a four-year
financial plan submitted to parliament in February.

"Our revenues are lower than our spending and it is illogical to continue
borrowing while expatriates and private companies benefit," he told a Press
conference after the weekly Cabinet session yesterday.

"As a result subsidies have to be redirected.

"Whatever comes next, in terms of redirecting subsidies, will be done for
Bahrainis' benefit because (the current policy) that has been going on for so
long has put huge pressure on government coffers.

"Clear subsidy programmes will be announced, but other services will have
subsidies removed.

"(Cuts to) electricity and water (subsidies) are coming after meat, in a later
phase."

Mr Al Hammadi said a government review of subsidy policies was ongoing to
determine average monthly consumption of Bahrainis.

He revealed eligible Bahraini households would be compensated for an anticipated
increase in meat prices from August 1 at a rate of BD5 monthly for each
breadwinner, plus BD3.5 for adult family members and BD2.5 for children.

"Implementation (of the meat subsidy cancellation) has been postponed to August
1 because Ramadan and Eid Al Fitr are on the horizon," he explained.

"Lists of eligible beneficiaries for the meat allowance already exist as 116,000
families are getting the monthly anti-inflation allowance."

He added that Bahrainis would be able to register for the meat payouts online
from next month. "This is not the first time subsidies have been removed," he
said.

"Two decades ago they were lifted on sugar and rice and they are still being
sold at reasonable prices in line with public demand, but within an open market.

"It will be the same with meat with the Bahrain Livestock Company (BLC), which
is currently receiving payments from the government, competing against other
suppliers in the market who are also importing from numerous sources."

The subsidy overhaul has been prompted by a shortfall in government revenues,
which are expected to reach a total of BD4.255 billion in 2015 and 2016,
compared with anticipated expenditure of BD7.292bn over the same period.

A dramatic drop in oil price, which accounts for more than 80pc of government
revenues, has contributed significantly to a reduction in national income.

Bahrain, which is facing a deficit of BD1.47bn this year and BD1.563bn next
year, raised its debt ceiling from BD5bn to BD7bn in November.

However, officials have said they expect national debt to reach more than BD9bn
by 2020 and Finance Minister Shaikh Ahmed bin Mohammed Al Khalifa previously
told MPs that Bahrain spent BD935m on subsidies alone last year.

The Cabinet last week announced that cancelling meat subsidies and increasing
fees for other government services, in addition to reining in ministry spending,
would save BD386m.

mohammed@gdn.com.bh

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5


     Copyright 2015 Gulf Daily News - Hilal Publishing and Marketing Group.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Bikya News

                           September 24, 2012 Monday

Egypt plans energy subsidy cuts as worries abound

LENGTH: 554  words


Gas containers in Egypt, as people frustrated at low supplies.

CAIRO: A local Egyptian daily newspaper reported that the government was looking
at cutting energy subsidies by $4.2 billion in an effort to boost their spending
power.

Arabic daily al-Masry al-Youm cited an unnamed official as saying the government
has already drafted a plan to reduce energy subsidies in the country.

It reported that Prime Minister Hisham Qandil submitted the proposal to
President Mohamed Morsi and the government is debating whether to implement the
cuts next month or to wait until after parliamentary elections.

It comes as Cairo continues to hope for a $4.8 billion loan from the
International Monetary Fund (IMF) as the country's economic woes continue.

Before the loan can be approved, however, the IMF is pushing the Egyptian
government to make "tangible" steps in the negotiation process and cut subsidies
, the official added.

The announcement is not likely to go over well with a vast majority of the
population that relies heavily on subsidized goods, including petrol and other
energy subsidies.

Gas stations in the country continue to see long lines, but according to a World
Bank official, speaking on condition of anonymity, "this is the only way forward
for Egypt to enter the global economy.

"Subsidies are not good for investor confidence and while it cannot be done at
once, reducing piece by piece would be a solid move for the country," the
official said.

The Central Agency for Public Mobilization and Statistics (CAPMAS) says energy
subsidies amount to some 100 billion Egyptian pounds and "represent about 20
percent of total government spending."

For low-income Egyptians, the ending of subsidies could mean massive economic
hardship.

Amr Mohsen, a local supermarket owner Cairo said that if the government cuts
energy subsidies, his profits would dwindle and he might not be able to survive.

"I have a nice shop and it is doing all right. But with the rising of food costs
in the country, times have been tough," he told Bikyamasr.com. "If the
government ends energy subsidies for fuel and electricity, my bills will get
even higher and I don't know if I can manage that really and still have enough
to provide for my family."

His fears are being heard across the country, especially among those who have
not seen their earnings or salaries increase in the recent past.

Many argue that if the subsidies go there will be massive unrest because, as
Mohsen argued, "people won't be able to survive and deliver for their families
and children. We need better earning before subsidies are cut. We are people
too."

In recent years, the subsidies in the country have come under increased pressure
as the wealthy continued to take subsidies and put it on the market without it
reaching the impoverished segments of society.

In the new budget, the government will reduce the amount spent on fuel subsidies
to 70 billion Egyptian pounds from the previous 95 billion, which will account
for roughly half of all subsidies spent by the government.

Octane petrol, diesel and butane gas will all be distributed via a system of
coupons and smart-cards in an attempt to keep a tighter rein on distribution and
limit profiteering.

In March the government floated the idea of reducing subsidies, but until now,
nothing of substance had been made public.

BM

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 876


                           Copyright 2012 Bikya News
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             October 7, 2011 Friday

US drags India, China to WTO, says subsidy works under wraps

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 482  words

DATELINE: Washington


The US on Thursday dragged China and India to the World Trade Organisation (WTO)
over subsidy programmes implemented by the world's two fastest growing
economies. "The situation was simply intolerable," US Trade Representative Ron
Kirk said.

Noting that every member of the WTO is required to come clean on their subsidy
programmes on a regular basis, Kirk said China has not notified its subsidy
programmes in over five years.

"India only recently filed its first notification in almost ten years and even
then, notified only three of the many subsidy programmes we know to exist," he
said. "Because China and India have failed to meet their respective obligations,
we had to act - as we are entitled to under the WTO rules - and provide the
voluminous information we have developed regarding subsidy programmes in these
two countries," he said.

Kirk announced that the US has submitted information to the WTO identifying
nearly 200 subsidy programmes that China has failed to notify as per WTO rules.

Information was also submitted on 50 subsidy programmes in India not previously
notified, he said. Through these actions at the WTO, the US is seeking the
prompt provision of detailed information and data from China and India regarding
the operation of these subsidy programmes, the USTR said.

Under WTO rules, every member is obligated to submit information about all of
its subsidy programmes on a regular basis. This information is required so that
members may assess the nature and extent of the subsidy programmes of others.

The notification obligation is particularly significant for members like China,
where inadequate transparency in so many areas places a tremendous burden on
other WTO members seeking to better understand China's trade policy measures,
the USTR said. China has submitted only one subsidy notification since becoming
a WTO Member in December, 2001. That notification was noticeably incomplete, it
said.

In the last ten years, India has submitted only one notification, which was also
noticeably incomplete. Previously, over the course of numerous meetings of the
WTO subsidies committee, the US has requested that China and India make full
notifications of all of their subsidy programmes, it said.

Kirk said the lack of transparency severely constrains the ability of WTO
members to ensure that each government is playing by the rules. "The US would
have preferred to avoid today's filings, but we have done so to hold China and
India accountable and to enforce the rules that all WTO members must follow,"
the US Trade Representative said.

"It is past time for China and India to be transparent about their subsidy
programmes and that includes meeting their notification obligations like other
WTO Members. China and India are among the largest exporters in the WTO and it
is simply not acceptable that they continue to evade their transparency
commitments," Kirk said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 28, 1989 Friday

Time to point finger at U.S. on subsidies, report says

BYLINE: BRENDA DALGLISH; CP

LENGTH: 521 words


BY  BRENDA DALGLISH
 Canadian Press
   The 'myth' that U.S. industries are not subsidized must be debunked
if Canada is to make the most of the free-trade agreement, a C. D. Howe
Institute report says.

Americans must be educated about the extent of the incentives that are
given to their industries and the issue must be made a political one, says
the report, written by economists Alan Rugman and Andrew Anderson.

'In general, there is little recognition in the United States of the  extent to
which U.S. industry is subsidized through defence contracts,  selective
government procurement and state development aid,' the report  says.

'Even U.S. agriculture, which is heavily subsidized, has rarely faced  external
discipline, since U.S. trade laws, like most domestic trade-law  systems,
investigate only foreign subsidies, never those given to domestic  producers.'
For example, farmers in the southern United States benefit from  extensive
irrigation systems that are provided by state and local  governments and for
which farmers are not charged full costs, Mr. Anderson  said in an interview.

The U.S. federal government provides subsidies to build steel industry
infrastructure using the argument that steel production is needed for
national security reasons - even though much of the output from the plants
is used for other purposes, he said.

Canada must collect detailed information on all the subsidies like that
in the United States if it is to negotiate the new Canada-U.S. subsidies
code called for in the free-trade agreement, the economists' report says.

The negotiations on this new subsidies code will allow the United
States to examine Canadian subsidies and vice versa.

'It will, however, be more difficult to assess U.S. subsidies, as many  of them
are indirect or hidden by the U.S. political system,' the report  says.

So far, the report says, the little Canadian research that has been
done on U.S. subsidies has focused on federal subsidies.

That must change because state and municipal subsidy programs are even
more prevalent in the United States than in Canada, Mr. Anderson said.

The government must immediately commission research on such U.S.
subsidies and should seek information from Canadian exporters about what
U.S. practices they consider most troublesome, he said.

If this is not done, the report says, the United States will be much
better prepared to negotiate on what it considers unfair Canadian subsidy
practices, which have already been widely studied by the U.S.
International Trade Commission and the U.S. Department of Commerce during
their investigations of numerous countervail and anti-dumping actions
brought against Canadian companies.

By contrast, Canada has brought far fewer actions and carried out
little research into U.S. subsidies, the report says. These issues are
more important to Canada than the United States so Canada must push to
keep them in the political spotlight rather than allowing them to fade
into obscurity, it adds.

'As a trade-dependent country, Canada cannot afford to let such key,
market-enhancing provisions of the agreement slip through its fingers.'

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Lower subsidies, renewed list see new energy car sales slump

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

LENGTH: 710  words


China's new energy car sales plummeted in January following a December surge,
but the country's automakers association remains optimistic about the sector's
performance this year.

Industry group expects purchases to hit at least 700,000 units this year

China's new energy car sales plummeted in January following a December surge,
but the country's automakers association remains optimistic about the sector's
performance this year.

A total of 5,682 electric cars, plug-in hybrids and fuel cell cars were sold in
the first month of 2017, in stark contrast to the monthly sales record of
104,000 units in December, according to statistics the China Association of
Automobile Manufacturers released last week.

January's sales figures represented a 74.4 percent slump year-on-year, also
coming in as the lowest monthly result since 2014, a year widely regarded as
marking the establishment of new energy vehicles in China's automotive market.

The major causes of the sales slump are the revised central government subsidies
for new energy vehicles and the narrowed list of models eligible for those
subsidies, said Xu Haidong, an assistant to the CAAM's secretary-general. On Dec
29, the central authorities renewed the standards of new energy vehicle
subsidies for 2017. Each vehicle sold this year will receive 20 percent less
funding than it would have in 2016.

The revision also raises technological standards, including battery capacity and
top speed, for cars to be eligible for subsidies in the first place.

The move means a new list of models that qualify for subsidies will be compiled
to replace the 2016 one.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology released the first batch of
cars on the new list on Jan 23.

With a total of 185 models identified, it is much shorter than the 2,198 models
listed in 2016.

"So, many new energy carmakers withheld sales in the month, because models not
on the list are not eligible for subsidies," said Xu.

In addition to their ineligibility for subsidies, those models removed from the
2016 list will not receive license plates from the authorities, reported the
Securities Time newspaper.

So many have suspended sales of such cars, including the BAIC EV 260, the report
said quoting dealers in Beijing.

For those models already on the list, local subsidy policies are another
impediment. Unlike the central government's financial support, local
governments' subsidies differ from region to region.

As few provinces have made clear how much they will offer to each car sold, it
is difficult for automakers to work out pricing and sales plans.

To alleviate the effects on sales, the world's largest new energy automaker BYD
is pre-paying a sum to customers at 50 percent of the central government's
subsidy, the upper limit of regional subsidies, according to news portal
Bitauto.

However, Xu said the market will return to normal gradually as more models
qualifyed for subsidies are approved.

The MIIT released a new batch of 209 models for public opinion on Feb 14, which
are expected to soon join those already on the list.

Xu said: "Despite sales in January being a little bit surprising, we are
optimistic about the year's sales, which we expect to reach 700,000 or 800,000
vehicles."

China sold 517,000 new energy vehicles last year and has been the largest global
market for such vehicles since 2015.

The policy changes are prompting carmakers to prepare themselves, as officials
have been clear that government subsidies will be further cut in 2018 and stop
altogether in 2020.

JAC Motor spokesman Wang Dongsheng said that under such circumstances,
automakers will have to improve their products and slash their costs to stay
competitive in the market.

"The central government will not offer subsidies forever, and regional subsidies
are even harder to obtain, so carmakers should get well prepared and first make
sure that they are profitable without regional subsidies," Wang said.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

People take a closer look at BYD's plug-in hybrid model Yuan before its launch
in Beijing in April 2016. Ng Han Guan / Ap

(China Daily 02/20/2017 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/89/148758082988.jpg

eca86bda350e1a14734f1d.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/75/148758083288.jpg

eca86bda350e1a1473521e.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                            November 28, 2003 Friday

EDITORIAL;
Subsidy reduction key to 3-way reform

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 772 words


The three-way reform of the allocation of funds between the central and local
governments has finally begun.

The reform aims at reducing central government subsidies to local governments
for specific purposes, transferring some tax revenue sources from the central
government to local governments and reforming tax grants from the national
government to local governments for unspecified purposes.

Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi has called for a reduction of 1 trillion yen in
subsidies in the first fiscal year of the reform's implementation. Cutting
central government subsidies to local governments for specific purposes is
considered the first order of business.

The prime minister's instructions surprised government ministries and agencies,
which are scratching their heads about how to cut the subsidies. Since lawmakers
fear the reform effort will undermine their vested interests, their opposition
makes it unclear whether Koizumi will succeed in carrying out his plan.

As the subsidies have not been reduced by the amount desired, discussions on the
transfer of some tax collection powers to local governments and a review of tax
grants from the central government to local governments are also stalled.

Toward the end of the year, discussions will go into full swing at a conference
comprising officials of the government and the ruling parties as well as at the
Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy. If these discussions fail to make
headway, the entire reform plan may end up on the scrapheap.

 Last-ditch effort needed


The prime minister must make an all-out effort now. He should encourage the
ministers concerned to come up with a practical detailed plan.

According to the "Basic Policies for Economic and Fiscal Policy Management and
Structural Reform 2003," which was announced by the council in June, the
three-way reform involves slashing 4 trillion yen in state subsidies to local
governments for specified purposes over the next three years, compensating local
governments by transferring to them tax revenue sources equivalent to 80
percent-100 percent of the amount of subsidies reduced, and drastically
reforming tax grants from the central government to local governments for
unspecified purposes.

However, some observers voiced their concern that the reform targets may not be
realized as decisions on which subsidies should be cut were deferred to the end
of the year. These concerns are understandable.

So far, a reduction in subsidies totaling 500 billion yen is more likely. They
include subsidies related to various public works projects and 230 billion yen
in retirement benefits for teachers and child allowances, which are included in
a state subsidy on compulsory education under the jurisdiction of the Education,
Science and Technology Ministry.

 Targets for ministries


Beyond this, no discussions have been held on any additional subsidy reductions.
The ministries and agencies are in virtual agreement that a reduction of 500
billion yen in subsidies is sufficient.

Annoyed by this attitude, Koizumi quickly ordered that the subsidies must be
reduced by a greater amount.

In response, the Cabinet Secretariat allotted reduction targets to ministries
and agencies in an extraordinary measure. The reduction targets included 330
billion yen for the Construction and Transport Ministry and 250 billion yen for
the Health and Welfare Ministry.

However, the ministries and the agencies have been slow to act. Some are trying
to avoid cutting the subsidies further, but instead are trying to change the
state subsidies for specified purposes to tax grants for unspecified purposes.
However, this is just government money with different names.

Unless the reduction in the amount of subsidies is decided, discussions on tax
revenue sources will remain stalled. Details of reduction must be discussed
immediately to ensure a breakthrough and keep opponents at bay.

The transfer of tax revenue sources from the central government to local
governments is not easy. The amount of tax revenues varies between urban and
rural areas. Many local governments will not benefit much even if a tax revenue
source is moved to them. Measures must be taken to avoid a deviation in tax
revenue sources among local governments.

Proposals by the Fiscal System Council will help up to a point in reviewing tax
grants for unspecified purposes. The total amount of tax grants should be
compressed by reducing administrative costs by such measures as cutting the
relatively high salaries for local government employees.

(From The Yomiuri Shimbun, Nov. 28)

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Neutral rating on ONGC; outlook remains dull: Nomura

BYLINE: Nomura

LENGTH: 1186  words


Action: Earnings cut by 25-31%; not much upside in a low oil price scenario, and
visibility poor on upside if oil rises; downgrade

Nomura's global oil/gas team has cut its Brent oil price assumption by up to
21-25%.Our new oil price assumptions are $53/55/60/70/bbl for FY16F /17F
/18F/long term, respectively (vs previously $60/70/80/bbl for FY16/17/LT). The
reductions to our oil price and gas price assumptions plus the new subsidy
formula result in 25-31% earnings estimate cuts for FY16-18F. After sharp
under-performance (1-year ONGC -48% vs Sensex -5%), we believe valuations are
inexpensive (trading at 0.9x FY17F P/B and 8.1x FY17F P/E), but we believe there
are not many catalysts ahead, hence we downgrade to Neutral.

Not many positives: Subsidy will not go even at low oil; gas price set to fall
steeply; production growth outlook weak; and b/s becoming stretched making big
ticket M&A in low oil environment difficult.

o The new FY16 subsidy formula (caps government support at R12/L for kerosene
and R18/kg for LPG) implies ONGC will have to bear the subsidy unless the oil
price falls below $46/bbl. This is more negative than the earlier proposal (no
subsidy for oil &lt; $60/bbl), and will likely lead to near flat realisations
when oil is over $65/bbl.

o Domestic gas price will be reduced to $4.2-4.3/mmbtu from October 1, with
further reductions in 2016. Such low prices will deter new investment.
Production growth outlook remains weak for both domestic and for OVL.

Also, after its large acquisition in Mozambique (ONGC chased valuations in our
view, and now ONGC is not a net cash company), ability to do large ticket
opportunistic M&A in current low oil prices is lower, in our view.

Valuation: Cut TP to R250; prefer downstream among oil PSUs

Due to sharp 25-31% earnings cut, our P/B based target price falls to R250 (from
R395). We downgrade ONGC to Neutral. Among Indian oil PSUs, we prefer downstream
names (IOCL>HPCL>BPCL) over upstream (ONGC, Oil India).

Gross oil realisation to decline; net oil realisation decline sharper as
subsidies will remain at low oil prices

For upstream oil producers, low long-term oil prices are very negative. For
Indian oil PSUs, which did not benefit much from high oil prices (due to high
subsidies), there were expectations that the subsidy burden would not be there
when oil prices are low.

Indeed, under the earlier proposed formula for Q1 (there was no subsidy at an
oil price &lt;$60/bbl, 85% subsidy for oil between $60-100/bbl, 90% subsidy for
oil >$100/bbl), there would have been no subsidy paid by upstream companies.
However, this formula was not implemented even for Q1FY16. The Indian government
(GoI) has now come up with a new upstream subsidy formula for FY16. As per this
formula, subsidy sharing would be as below:

o Kerosene: The GoI budgetary support at R12/L and the remaining under-recovery
will be borne by upstream companies.

o LPG: A fixed subsidy of R18/kg under the direct benefit transfer of LPG
(DBTL).

This formula, in our view, is negative for upstream companies, and increases
their problems, in the current environment of low oil prices.

o While for LPG, as the break-even price (including R18/kg government support)
is ~$60/bbl, so there may be no subsidy sharing on LPG by upstream companies
when oil prices are below $60/bbl.

o However, the break-even price for kerosene (including R12/L government
support), is only $46/bbl. Thus upstream subsidy burden will continue even if
the oil price remains below $60/bbl , and will vanish only when oil prices fall
below $46/bbl.

Upstream net realisations will likely remain flat when oil moves over $65/bbl

Effectively under the newly adopted formula the upstream companies pay for all
incremental subsidies for kerosene when oil prices are above $46/bbl, and all
incremental LPG subsidies when oil prices are above $60/bbl.

As oil prices move up the subsidies on both LPG and kerosene are expected to
rise very sharply (unless the retail prices are increased or government takes
some section of consumers out of subsidy sharing for LPG). If upstream shares
all incremental under-recoveries (over R18/kg for LPG, over R12/L for kerosene,
as it currently is doing), we estimate that effective net oil price realisation
will likely remain flat for ONGC/OIL when oil prices move over $65/bbl.

Gas prices declining; low prices deter new investment

Gas prices back to where it began, and will likely fall further

Last year when the government had adopted the new domestic gas pricing formula,
we had highlighted that 'gas price hike was not so good or well thought out'.

o The key reason for the industry seeking a higher gas price was to make current
production more profitable and to encourage new investment. However, in our
view, the basic intention (while modifying the Rangarajan formula) seemed to
have been to limit price increases (to make increase more palatable for
consumers).

o To keep prices low, GoI removed expensive LNG components (both Japanese and
Indian imports) and instead included Alberta gas reference price and Russian
price, in addition to retaining Henry Hub and NBP prices. In our view, primarily
using gas-surplus/export regions (eg, US, Canada and Russia) to determine prices
in a gas-deficit country like India was not logical. Moreover, to further keep
prices lower, the GoI had excluded even the transport/gas treatment charges
under different hubs.

While the gas prices increased 34% in November 2014 (from $4.2 to $5.6/mmbtu),
these declined by 7% to $5.2/mmbtu when prices were first reset on 1-Apr-15. As
international prices have further fallen, we expect a much steeper decline of
17-18%, and domestic gas prices will likely decline to just $4.2-4.3/mmbtu.
Prices would then be at a similar level as when the new price formula was
adopted.

Gas production has been falling; and new investments seem unlikely soon

As gas prices increase was not large, and prices are on a declining trend, it is
not encouraging investment to sustain even current production, let alone
development of existing discoveries. Similarly, as the government has not
announced the premium for new discoveries (and expectations are not of very high
premium), the likelihood of large scale investment remains low, in our view, in
the short to medium term.

Operationally not much to cheer

Operationally, in our view, there are no major catalysts.

o ONGC has generally disappointed on production guidance.

o Its domestic oil production had declined for seven consecutive years till
FY14. While the production decline trend was arrested last year, there is not
much visibility of any meaningful production growth in the short to medium term,
in our view. Similarly, gas production has largely remained stagnant over last
several years. As we noted earlier, with the domestic gas price outlook
remaining low, the outlook for any sharp domestic production growth remains
weak, in our view.

ONGC's overseas arm ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) has also largely disappointed
operationally over the last few years. Despite continued large investment,
production has stagnated and profits declined sharply last year.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            April 19, 2012 Thursday

Subsidy Regime Fraught With Corruption and Inefficiency - Report [analysis]

LENGTH: 2384 words


FOLLOWING the removal of subsidy on PMS on January 1, 2012 by the Federal
Government of Nigeria and the attendant spontaneous social and political
upheavals that greeted the policy, the House of Representatives in an emergency
session on January 8, 2012 set up an Ad-hoc Committee to verify and determine
the actual subsidy requirements and monitor the implementation of the subsidy
regime in Nigeria.

The Federal Government had informed the nation of its inability to continue to
pump endless amount of money into the seemingly bottomless pit that was referred
to as petroleum products subsidy. It explained that the annual subsidy payment
was huge, endless and unsustainable.

Nigerians were led to believe that the colossal payments made were solely on PMS
and HHK actually consumed by Nigerians. Government ascribed the quoted figures
to upsurge in international crude price, high exchange rate, smuggling, increase
in population and vehicles, etc.

R-L: Chairman Ad-hoc committee investigating Subsidy Regime Hon. Farouk Lawal;
Chairman, House Committee on Media and Publicity, Hon. Mohammed Zakari; and
deputy Chairman of the Committee, Hon. Victor Ogene at the briefing on fuel
asubsidy report. Photo:Gbemiga Olamikan.

However, a large section of the population faulted the premise of the Government
subsidy figures, maintaining that unbridled corruption and an inefficient and
wasteful process accounted for a large part of the payments. To avert a clear
and present danger of descent into lawlessness, the leadership of the House of
Representatives took the bold and decisive action of convening the first ever
Emergency Session on a Sunday (January 8, 2012), and set up the Ad-hoc Committee
to verify the actual subsidy requirements of the country.

The actual budget expendfture on subsidy for both PMS and HHK was tolerable,
being N261.1 b in 2006, N278.8b in 2007 and N346.7b in 2008. 5 companies
including NNPC were involved iQ 2006, 10 in 2007 and 19 in 2008 contrasted to
140 in 2011.

Secondly, in line with accounting practice, the, Committee decided to
investigate three years activities of the scheme.

The Committee could have chosen to limit the investigation to 2011 alone given
the scale of escalation of subsidy in that year alone but decided to take three
years to establish a trend.

The Ad-Hoc Committee held Public Hearings from January 16, 2012 to February 9,
2012, taking sworn testimonies from 130 witnesses, receiving information from
several volunteers, and receiving in evidence over 3,000 volumes of documents.
In the course of the investigations the Ad-Hoc Committee was able to establish
the following:

1.Contrary to statutory requirements and other guidelines under the Petroleum
Support Fund (PSF) Scheme mandating agencies in the industry to keep reliable
information data base, there seemed to be a deliberate understanding among the
agencies not to do so. This lack of record keeping contributed in no small
measure to the decadence and rots the Committee found in the administration of
the PSF. This is evident also in the budget preparatory process by MDAs where
adequate data is not made available to the National Assembly. The Committee had
to resort to forensic analysis and examination of varied and external sources
(including the Lloyds List Intelligence) to verify simple transactions. In this
regard, the PPPRA is strongly urged to publish henceforth, the PSF accounts on
quarterly basis to ensure transparency and openness of the subsidy scheme.

2. We found out that the subsidy regime, as operated between the period under
review (2009 and 2011), were fraught with endemic corruption and entrenched
inefficiency. Much of the amount claimed to have been paid as subsidy was
actually not for consumed PMS. Government officials made nonsense of the PSF
Guidelines due mainly to sleaze and, in some other cases, incompetence. It is,
therefore, apparent that the insistence by top government officials that the
subsidy figures was for products consumed was a clear attempt to mislead the
Nigerian people.

3. Thus, contrary to the earlier official figure of subsidy payment of N1.3
trillion, the Accountant-General of the Federation put forward a figure ofN1.6
trillion, the CBN N1.7 trillion, while the Committee established subsidy payment
of N2,587.087 trillion as at December 31, 2011, amounting to more than 900 per
cent over the appropriated sum of N245 billion. This figure of N2, 587.087
trillion is based on the CBN figure of N844.944 billion paid to NNPC, in
addition to another figure of N847.942 billion reflected as withdrawals by NNPC
from the excess crude naira account, as well as the sum of N894.201 billion paid
as subsidy to the Marketers.

The figure of N847.942 billion quoted above strongly suggests that NNPC might
have been withdrawing from two sources especially when the double withdrawals
were also reflected both in 2009 and in 2010.

However, it should be noted that as at the time the public hearing was
concluded, there were outstanding claims by NNPC and the Marketers in excess of
N270 billion as subsidy payments for 2011. Whereas the mandate of the Committee
was necessitated by the removal of subsidy, the Committee found out that subsidy
payment on kerosene formed an Integra part of the total sum.

4. On its part, NNPC was found not to be accountable to any body or authority.
The Corporation, in 2011, processed payment of N310.4 billion as 2009 - 2011
arrears of subsidy on Kerosene, contrary to a Presidential Directive which
removed subsidy on Kerosene in 2009. The Corporation also processed for itself,
direct deduction of subsidy payment from amounts it received from other
operations such as joint venture before paying the balance to the Federation
Account, thereby depleting the shares of States and Local Governments from the
distributable pool. Worse still, the direct deduction in 2011 alone, which
amounted to N847.942 billion, was effected without any provision in the
Appropriation Act.

5. While NNPC feasted on the Federation Account to bloat the subsidy payable,
some of the marketers were involved in claiming subsidy on products not
supplied. PPPRA laid this foundation by allocating volumes of products each
quarter to the marketers which it knew were not in conformity with its own
guidelines for participation.

6. Our investigation further revealed that certain marketers collected subsidy
of over N230.184 billion on PMS volume of 3,262,960,225 litres that from the
records made available to us were not supplied. Apart from proliferation and
non-designation of bank accounts for subsidy payment, PPPRA and the OAGF were
unable to manage in a transparent manner the two accounts they chose to
disclose. There were indications that PPPRA paid N158 billion to itself in 2009
and N157 billion in 2010. When confronted, the OAGF was unable to submit details
of the bulk payments arrogated to PPPRA and the account from which the bulk sums
were disbursed to the supposed beneficiaries.

7.Curiously too, the particular Accountant-General that served during the period
2009 was found to have made payments of equal instalments of N999 million for a
record 128 times within 24 hours on January 12 and 13, 2009, totalling N 127.872
billion. The confirmed payments from the CBN records were made to beneficiaries
yet to be disclosed by the OAGF or identified by the Committee. We, however,
discovered that only 36 marketers were participants under the PSF Scheme during
this period. Even if there were 128 marketers, it was inconceivable that all
would have imported the same quantity of products to warrant equal payments.

8. In order to arrive at a probable figure of dailyconsumption of PMS, the
Committee took the entire volume of 14,787,152,340 litres imported by marketers
and NNPC in 2011 as recorded by PPPRA and then deducted what we suspected as
over-invoiced volume of 3,276,949,993. Thus, the actual volume imported for year
2011 was 11,510,202,347. This manifested into an average daily PMS consumption
of 31.5 million litres.

9. However, in 2012 marginal increment of 1.5 million litres a day is
recommended in order to take care of unforeseen circumstances, bringing it to 33
million litres per day. And to maintain a strategic reserve, an additional
average of seven million litres per day (or 630 million litres per quarter) for
the first quarter of 2012 only is recommended. Thus, PPPRA is to use 40 million
litres of PMS in the first quarter as its maximum ordering quantity per day. In
subsequent quarters PMS daily ordering quantity should be 33 million litres per
day. For Kerosene, the Committee recommends a daily ordering quantity of nine
million litres.

10. On the issue of kerosene subsidy, the Committee strongly advocated for a
Government policy to immediately recommence subsidy payment on the product by
urging withdrawal of the 2009 Presidential Directive.

11. We also proposed a budget amount of N806.766billion for the 2012 fiscal year
for payment of subsidy on PMS and Kerosene.

12. For the 2012 Appropriation Act, the Committee's recommendation is based on
the following: PMS: 33,000,000 Litres x N44 (subsidy) x 365 days =
N529,980,000.00 Provision for strategic reserve for 1st Quarter of 2012:
7,000,000 x N44 (subsidy) x 90 days N27,720,000.00 HHK 9,000,000 litres x N101 (
subsidy) x 274 days = N249,006,000.00 Total N806,766,000,000.00

Note: Commencement of kerosene subsidy is as from the second quarter of 2012,
since the Committee is of the opinion that the product is still not under the
subsidy regime. Therefore, the Committee recommends the sum of N806.766billion
as subsidy for year 2012.

13. With regards to the 445,000 bpd allocation to NNPC, the Committee believes
that with the current refining capacity of 53 per cent and the SWAP/Offshore
processing arrangement of the balance of 47 per cent, it is sufficient to
provide the nation with the following products:

a. 40 Million Litres Per Day (MLPD) of PMS, b.10 MLPD of Kerosene (HHK) c. 8.97
MLPD of Diesel (AGO) d. 0.62 MLPD of LPG and e. 2.31 MLPD of FO

It is only AGO whose average daily consumption of 12 million Litres per day will
not be achieved in full. Since AGO has been deregulated, other marketers can
make up for the 3.03 MLPD AGO shortfalls. The implication of this finding is
that if NNPC properly manages the allocation of 445 bpd efficiently, the
availability of the products can be achieved by the NNPC alone. This contrasts
the situation where in 2009-2011 NNPC got the daily allocation of 445,000bpd and
the nation still had to import through Marketers.

Curiously, although NNPC confirmed that it makes some savings of about N11.00
per litre refining locally than import, it could not be established that the
Corporation reflects this cost differential in its claims to subsidy.

The Committee recommends that NNPC be unbundled to make its operations more
efficient and transparent and this we believe can be achieved through the
passage of a well drafted and comprehensive PIB Bill. All those in the
Management and Board of the NNPC directly involved in the infractions identified
for the years 2009-2011 should be investigated and prosecuted for abuse of
office by the relevant anticorru ption agencies.

14. Part of the funding sources of the PSF Account is over-recovery from
marketers. This accrues when product landing cost isÂÂ·lower than the Ex-Depot
price. The Committee observed that:

i. In 2009, there was an over-recovery of N2.766 Billion. This was expected to
have been credited to the PSF Account but was not traceable to the official PSF
Account disclosed.

ii. Furthermore, in the presentation made by Akintola Williams Deloitte it was
claimed that the sum of NGNS.27Biliion was established as overrecovery in 2099,
however, there was no evidence that this money was credited to the PSF Account.

15. It is our view that the Guidelines of the PSF Scheme, even as watered down
by the Board in 2009, could have salvaged the Scheme if they were observed and
enforced. Had the staff of various agencies and government officials not
compromised and colluded with certain marketers, the level of corruption would
have been minimal. The Committee viewed this fact with serious concern and has
suggested measures to ensure that impunity is no longer condoned. Therefore,
marketers that had short-changed Nigerians were identified and recommended to
make refunds within a time-frame of three months; civil servants were to be
sanctioned in accordance with the Civil Service Rules as well as under extant
Laws; management staff and top government officials were, based on the gravity
of their offences, to be reprimanded, re-deployed, dismissed and, In specific
cases, prosecuted for abuse of office and fraudulent practices.

16. The Committee recommended the refund to the treasury the sum of N1,
067,040,456,171.31 trillion from the under listed for various violations.

i.) NNPC (Kerosene Subsidy)' N310,414,963,613.00

ii.) NNPC (Above PPRA recommendation) - N285,098,000,000.00

iii.) NNPC (Self discount) - N108,648,000,000.00

iv.) Marketers (Total violations, of PSF) N8,664,352,554.00

v.) Companies that refused to appear N41,936,140,005.31

vi.) PPPRA excess paymenLto self N312,279,000,000.00

The Committee believes that if the PSF scheme was properly managed, this sum of
N1.070 trillion would have been available to the three tiers of Government for
budget enhancement.

17. The Committee recommends that the following transactions be further
investigated by the relevant anti-corruption agencies and determine their level
of culpability with a view to making further recoveries;

i. Payment of N999m to unnamed entities 128 times to the tune of N127.872
billion

ii. Companies who collected Forex to the tune of $402.610 billion whose
utilization is questionable to the Committee.

iii. The 72 Companies listed under the.financial forensics are hereby
recommended for further investigation by the relevant anti-corruption agencies
with a view to establishing their culpability and recovering the sums indicated
against their names totalling N230, 184,605,691.00.

iv. The Over recoveries of N2.766 billion and N5.27 billion which were not
accounted for by the office of the Accountant General of the Federation.

v. The cases of double deductions by the NNPC for sUbsidy payments in 2009,2010
and 2011 mentioned in this Report.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday

Subsidy nightmare

BYLINE: The Indian Express

LENGTH: 373  words


Pranab says he's losing sleep over subsidies, he should try and wake up his
party leadership

Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee says he is losing sleep over the subsidies he
has to provide for in the budget for 2012-13. There are surely reasons for him
to be insomniac. Subsidies on oil, fertilisers and food have increased
substantially, leaving him no space to juggle around. He also knows a lot of
subsidies do not reach the intended beneficiaries. The budget for the current
financial year was prepared with certain assumptions on global crude oil prices,
which have gone awry. India is a price-taker, and its dependence on imports is
overwhelming - almost four-fifths of its demand are met through imports. The
year also saw a sharp depreciation of the rupee - so the government has ended up
paying more rupees for every dollar of imports. The combined impact of the two
has forced the government to provide for higher subsidies. Mukherjee himself
acknowledged in the winter session of Parliament that the subsidy bill for
2011-12 has overshot estimates by almost Rs 1 lakh crore.

But this need not have been so. Neither Mukherjee's colleagues in the cabinet -
barring Sharad Pawar, who warned of rising food subsidies - nor the Congress
leadership ever made any effort to explain why fuel product prices need to be
market-linked. Subsidies are the only heads in the otherwise inflexible
expenditure budget of the government that are discretionary in nature.
Throughout the year, Mukherjee slept over recommendations and proposals to hike
prices of diesel, petrol and LPG cylinders. While wishing the country this new
year, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh woke up to the realities of a worsening fisc
and underscored the need for paring subsidies. "Some subsidies such as food
subsidies are justifiable on social grounds. But there are other subsidies that
are not and these must be contained," he said. But the larger Congress's
political leadership still feels quite apologetic to talk about issues such as
disinvestment or subsidies.

On March 16, Mukherjee has an opportunity to set a firm roadmap for
decontrolling fuel product prices. This will let him sleep well, and soothe the
nerves of those concerned about the India growth story.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Kerosene: Centre paid Rs 2,600-crore subsidy to oil retailers for first quarter

BYLINE: Prasanta Sahu

LENGTH: 463  words


The central government has paid Rs 2,600 crore subsidy to public sector oil
retailers for selling kerosene at state-set prices in the first quarter of FY16,
sources said.

Additionally, state-run upstream companies compensated R1,300 crore in
April-June to the oil retailers Indian Oil, Bharat Petroleum and Hindustan
Petroleum, the sources said. The total under-recoveries on kerosene was Rs 3,900
crore in Q1 of FY16.

Under a subsidy-sharing formula prepared by the finance ministry for FY16, the
government would provide kerosene subsidy at R12 a litre and any under-recovery
above this incurred by the oil retailers would be offset by the upstream oil
companies, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation, Oil India and Gail.

The finance ministry's decision is a relief to the upstream companies as they
would bear much less as fuel-subsidy burden this fiscal, compared to last year.
There is now also more clarity on the subsidy-sharing formula. The government
had earlier told the upstream companies that it would bear the entire subsidy on
LPG. Irrespective of under-recovery in LPG, the government pays a fixed subsidy
of R18 a kg to the petroleum ministry, which implements the direct cash benefit
transfer (DBT) scheme for cooking gas. As the under-recovery in LPG is now
around R12 per kg, the balance is kept in a buffer fund as a cushion against
rise in crude prices. That means even if the under-recovery goes above R18 per
kg, the additional amount required for subsidy payments would be met from the
buffer fund without impacting government finances.

In the past few years, the fiscally-strained government had increased upstream
companies' subsidy burden, while the sharing formula remained non-transparent.
This year, the relatively benign crude, the decontrol of diesel and the
DBT-enabled savings in LPG subsidy (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/lpg-
subsidy/) would help both the government and the upstream oil firms.

In April-June this year, the oil marketing firms' under-recovery on kerosene
sales was Rs 18.51/litre. Upstream oil firms' share of subsidy burden in Q1FY16
would be R6.51 per litre, or 35% of the total under-recoveries on the fuel. Last
year, these firms bore 48% of the total under-recoveries on fuels. For kerosene,
the under-recovery is expected to be R15,000-16,000 crore for FY16. The Indian
basket of crude oil averaged at $61.47 a barrel during April-June 2015. Oil
retailers incurred an under-recovery of R24,799 crore on kerosene sales in FY15.
In the FY16 budget, the government provided R8,000 crore for kerosene subsidy.
But the government may have to provide additional R2,000 crore to meet the
full-year subsidy pay-out of about R10,000 crore, sources said. For LPG, the
government has provided for R22,000 crore subsidy for this fiscal.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             October 9, 2011 Sunday

Before the Removal of Fuel Subsidies

LENGTH: 708  words


The federal government, last week, announced plans to remove the subsidy on
petroleum products starting from next year. This is a bold and necessary action
that should free up additional resources for growth and development. But while
we laud the President Goodluck Jonathan administration for mustering the
political will to finally end an inefficient and dysfunctional subsidy regime,
we are bothered that government's good intention could be undermined by sloppy
handling.

The announcement to remove petroleum subsidy was contained in the 2012-2015
Medium Term Fiscal Framework and Medium Term Expenditure Framework unveiled at
the National Assembly last Tuesday. We are not in any doubt that the withdrawal
of fuel subsidies makes strong economic sense, as we have stated time and again
on this page. But sneaking in a plan on the country is definitely not a
sensitive way to handle a potentially explosive issue. And worse, announcing
ex-cathedra that the removal will take effect in three months smacks of either
disdain or naivety.

Given the delicate nature of the issue, we believe that the public announcement
should have been preceded by serious groundwork aimed at securing the
understanding and the buy-in of strategic stakeholders and the larger public,
and negotiating trade-offs. To the best of our knowledge, nothing of such has
happened beyond episodic announcements about how much subsidies cost the
country. We are not surprised therefore by the outrage that has greeted this
announcement, even if they came from the usual suspects. For now, the only open
support is from the governors and oil marketers, support that might not count
for much when the dirt hits the fan.

We are opposed to fuel subsidies not because of the well-advertised sins of
subsidies: inefficiencies, market distortions, over-consumption, etc. We agree
that subsidies might be necessary as a way of correcting market failure or a
means of achieving strategic objectives beyond the remit of the market. But such
subsidies must be targeted and must be effectively implemented. We do not think
the subsisting fuel subsidy regime meets both criteria.

The argument that Nigerians should enjoy cheap fuel because we are blessed with
crude oil amounts to saying we have a right to be wasteful. We think it is
unreasonable and unsustainable to spend about 25 percent of our annual budget or
more than our annual capital budget just to subsidize the consumption of a
single item. Besides, the fuel subsidy is too generalized that we end up
subsidizing people who don't need it (including the mega-billionaires in our
midst) and the bulk of the subsidy goes to the rich rather than the poor. The
present subsidy also oils corruption and is largely captured by an importing
cartel. Fuel subsidies clearly have lost their strategic justification.

In calling for its removal, we are not unmindful of the impact on cost of
transportation and food, and the disproportionate burden it will impose on the
poor. But rather than use this as an excuse to retain a wasteful and
corruption-prone subsidy regime, it is an opportunity to make a strong case for
targeted investments in education, health care, infrastructure and other
critical sectors that not only directly benefit the poor but also stimulate
growth. We therefore expect the administration to do more than merely say
savings will be invested in "safety nets". We also expect the administration to
engage intensely ahead of the announcement with critical actors in civil
society, the political arena, the media, and the unions, and to frontload the
palliative measures as a way of building trust, reassuring the public and
undermining expected opposition to the reform initiative.

As desirable as it is, removing fuel subsidies is a contentious form of reform.
It is not what you do with the stroke of a pen, or by flexing the muscle of the
state-otherwise it would have long been done, especially under the military.
Also, you need more than courage and competence. The critical success factors
are tact, political management, and strategic communication. None of these is
yet evident in the approach adopted by the administration so far. And this
sloppy approach-much more than the opposition-puts this measure at risk.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 23, 2009 Friday

Iran official on effects of subsidies bill on next year's budget

LENGTH: 661 words


Text of unattributed report in "The interview of the Day" column headlined "The
targeted subsidies bill in Majlis in next ten days" published by Iranian
newspaper Hamshahri on 31 December

On Tuesday, the Majlis voted for the urgency of the targeted subsidies bill. The
president has also announced that the government will present 1388 budget bill
to the Majlis after the targeted subsidies bill is investigated and ratified by
the Majlis.

From this point of view, in case the approval of the targeted subsidies bill
extends, the presentation of next year's budget bill to the Majlis will probably
face a lot of delay because in the past years the government generally presented
the budget bill to the Majlis on Azar [Iranian month, prorated with November]
and Dey [December] months. We talked about this issue with Ali Asghar
Yusefnezhad, a member of the Majlis' Industries and Mines Committee.

Reporter [Q]: The president has declared the government will present next year's
budget bill to the Majlis after the targeted subsidies bill is investigated and
ratified by the Majlis. Will this arrangement cause delay in the presentation of
next year's budget?

Ali Asghar Yusefnezhad [A]: Yes, this problem will cause delay in the
examination of next year's budget, but taking into consideration that the
results of the targeted subsidies leave direct traces on the budget, the Majlis
has no choice but to approve this bill first and after it start the examination
of the budget. However, the Majlis will be in a hurry in the investigation of
the targeted subsidies bill, taking into the consideration that the urgency of
it is approved.

Q: In this case, will the execution of the targeted subsidies be categorical in
the next year?

A: With the approval of the urgent targeted subsidies bill and inserting its
results into the budget of 1388, the execution of it in the next year will be
obvious. Of course, I and other members gave negative vote for the urgency of
this bill for the reason that we are at disagreement over the essence and the
term of this plan.

In my opinion, the targeted subsidies are in need of procurement of
infrastructures, satisfaction of the public opinion and consensus of the three
forces. The execution of the targeted subsidies without these preconditions, due
to which it is not complete and absolute, will not be beneficial.

Q: Thus, from your point of view which period of time of executing the Economic
Development Plan is appropriate?

A: We have offered the government to present the targeted subsidies bill to the
Majlis after introducing the budget bill of 1388 and insert this chart in the
Fifth Development Plan and execute it in that pattern.

In this way, even the Majlis had an opportunity for a year to make use of the
opinion of all experts, economists and experts and work on basically over the
Economic Development Plan until the complete and absolute law approved the ready
basis, so that like the tax law increased the prices because of unprepared base
and the principle of it is out from the questions.

Q: Now, when your suggestion is not an issue of consideration and the targeted
subsidies bill is on the agenda, will the approval of the budget bill face with
the shortage of time?

A: No, because taking into the consideration the grip of the special committee
of the Majlis to investigate the Economic Development Plan to the essentials of
the targeted subsidies bill, during the next 10-12 days, this committee will
present its report to the Majlis about the targeted subsidies bill and at that
time will be discussed and voted in the public domain out of turn, concerning
the details and essentials of the bill.

Consequently, taking into consideration the Majlis places the discussion of the
targeted subsidies bill on the agenda urgently, the assignment of this bill will
be definite very soon and afterwards the government will be able to present the
budget bill to the Majlis.

Source: Hamshahri, Tehran, in Persian, 31 Dec 08, p4

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Protectionism is back

BYLINE: DAVID McKENZIE and SIMONE SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 378 words


US and EU condemned for reinstating subsidies

SEVENTEEN of the world's top 20 industrialised countries have resorted to trade
protectionism in the face of the global economic crisis.

The findings of the World Bank analysis came as farm leaders from 19
free-trading agricultural countries called for new efforts to free up world farm
trade at a meeting in Bali -- and condemned the US and EU for reinstating dairy
export subsidies.

``By depressing and stabilising international market prices, export subsidies
hurt farmer returns, leading to social unrest in both developed and developing
communities,'' the farm leaders' communique said.

``Farm leaders believe there is no justification for export subsidies to
continue in agriculture.''

Trade ministers from the Australian-led Cairns Group of countries were expected
to follow suit at their meeting yesterday.

The developments came as Australian farm leaders pressed the US -- which sent a
number of officials to observe the Cairns Group meeting -- to re-think its use
of dairy export subsidies.

Trade Minister Simon Crean met with US Trade Representative Ron Kirk earlier
this week, expressing concern about the impact of the subsidies and called for
the US to show leadership in reviving the stalled Doha world trade talks.

``If the Doha round is concluded, export subsidies will be eliminated,'' Mr
Crean said.

National Farmers' Federation representatives, who chaired the farm leaders
meeting, also met with US officials to express concerns over the subsidies.

Australian Dairy Farmers president Allan Burgess said he was told the US
Government could have faced legal action from its dairy industry if it hadn't
responded to the EU.

Though no subsidies had yet been allocated, the US announcement itself had
destabilised world markets, he said.

He said he'd encouraged the US to avoid any new subsidies in the new financial
year to avoid further destabilisation. ``If we get some certainty we believe the
market would settle and start to improve,'' he said.

Meanwhile, United Dairyfarmers of Victoria boss Doug Chant has expressed concern
on the US subsidies in a letter to Agriculture Minister Tony Burke. He urged the
Government to continue pressing the US to scrap its decision.

Too early to question US dairy subsidies, Page 9

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

New telecom act draws mixed responses

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 548 words


Handset shops look deserted in the I-Park Mall in Yongsan, downtown Seoul,
Thursday, as customers are shunning new handsets on reduced subsidies following
the implementation of the new telecom law. / YonhapConsumers shun buying new
phones on reduced subsidies

The new telecom act, which sets a 345,000 won ceiling on subsidies that carriers
can use to entice customers, is drawing mixed responses from consumers, mobile
carriers and handset makers.

The "Mobile Device Distribution Improvement Act" went into effect this month.

For the consumer side, the new subsidy mandate is expected to undermine
sentiment to purchase new devices as customers will have to pay more to get new
gadgets, such as Samsung's Galaxy Note 4, under the new rule.

For the company side, the rule is expected to help carriers to save spending on
marketing, as the main purpose of the law is aimed at curbing subsidies and
normalizing the market.

But for handset manufacturers, especially Samsung Electronics, the dominant
handset producer in Korea, the regulation is a negative as carriers remain
passive to launch cash-intensive promotional campaigns for handsets due to the
cap on subsidies.

"Consumers had received fat subsidies in the past. Now we can't expect such big
subsidies. I dropped a plan to change my phone to Note 4," said 34-year-old
office worker Park Chul-min.

Under the new subsidy cap, the market leader SK Telecom decided to provide
111,000 won in subsidy for the Note 4, followed by KT and LG Uplus with 82,000
won and 80,000 won with two-year contracts.

Subsidies include two elements the manufacturers portion to carriers, and the
carriers portion to consumers.

The amount of monetary support provided by Samsung to mobile carriers is not
known as the government decided not to publicize the subsidy amount by handset
manufacturers to carriers.

"I found that the suggested retail price for the Note 4 is set at 957,000 won
per device. I want to purchase the Note 4. But it's true that paying more than
800,000 won is a huge burden," said 32-year-old software engineer Kim Hyun-chul.

A KT official said the nation's second-biggest mobile carrier expects the act to
encourage carriers to shift their focus toward service-oriented competition.

But he also agreed with rising concerns over a decline of total market size.

"Changing a mobile carrier has so far been in line with the amount of subsidy by
each carrier. Cash-abundant SK Telecom, therefore, is positioned well to entice
more customers. Now, we have no option but to find new growth opportunities as
offering illegal subsidies is impossible," said the KT official.

KT has been pursuing its so-called "fair price" policy, a move aimed at ending
the subsidy war and returning the heated local telecom market back to normal.

About the subsidy cut, SK Telecom marketing executive Yoon Won-young said the
amount of subsidy will be dependent upon estimated demand for handsets and the
timing of the devices' release.

For carriers, the average revenue per user (ARPU) is more important than
revenues for handsets, as the ARPU is the barometer to gauge the profitability
of carriers.

Samsung Electronics declined to comment about the issue. But foreign and budget
handset makers are expected to steal away some of Samsung's local share thanks
to the regulation.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

New telecom act draws mixed responses

BYLINE: By Kim Yoo-chul

LENGTH: 548 words


Handset shops look deserted in the I-Park Mall in Yongsan, downtown Seoul,
Thursday, as customers are shunning new handsets on reduced subsidies following
the implementation of the new telecom law. / YonhapConsumers shun buying new
phones on reduced subsidies

The new telecom act, which sets a 345,000 won ceiling on subsidies that carriers
can use to entice customers, is drawing mixed responses from consumers, mobile
carriers and handset makers.

The "Mobile Device Distribution Improvement Act" went into effect this month.

For the consumer side, the new subsidy mandate is expected to undermine
sentiment to purchase new devices as customers will have to pay more to get new
gadgets, such as Samsung's Galaxy Note 4, under the new rule.

For the company side, the rule is expected to help carriers to save spending on
marketing, as the main purpose of the law is aimed at curbing subsidies and
normalizing the market.

But for handset manufacturers, especially Samsung Electronics, the dominant
handset producer in Korea, the regulation is a negative as carriers remain
passive to launch cash-intensive promotional campaigns for handsets due to the
cap on subsidies.

"Consumers had received fat subsidies in the past. Now we can't expect such big
subsidies. I dropped a plan to change my phone to Note 4," said 34-year-old
office worker Park Chul-min.

Under the new subsidy cap, the market leader SK Telecom decided to provide
111,000 won in subsidy for the Note 4, followed by KT and LG Uplus with 82,000
won and 80,000 won with two-year contracts.

Subsidies include two elements the manufacturers portion to carriers, and the
carriers portion to consumers.

The amount of monetary support provided by Samsung to mobile carriers is not
known as the government decided not to publicize the subsidy amount by handset
manufacturers to carriers.

"I found that the suggested retail price for the Note 4 is set at 957,000 won
per device. I want to purchase the Note 4. But it's true that paying more than
800,000 won is a huge burden," said 32-year-old software engineer Kim Hyun-chul.

A KT official said the nation's second-biggest mobile carrier expects the act to
encourage carriers to shift their focus toward service-oriented competition.

But he also agreed with rising concerns over a decline of total market size.

"Changing a mobile carrier has so far been in line with the amount of subsidy by
each carrier. Cash-abundant SK Telecom, therefore, is positioned well to entice
more customers. Now, we have no option but to find new growth opportunities as
offering illegal subsidies is impossible," said the KT official.

KT has been pursuing its so-called "fair price" policy, a move aimed at ending
the subsidy war and returning the heated local telecom market back to normal.

About the subsidy cut, SK Telecom marketing executive Yoon Won-young said the
amount of subsidy will be dependent upon estimated demand for handsets and the
timing of the devices' release.

For carriers, the average revenue per user (ARPU) is more important than
revenues for handsets, as the ARPU is the barometer to gauge the profitability
of carriers.

Samsung Electronics declined to comment about the issue. But foreign and budget
handset makers are expected to steal away some of Samsung's local share thanks
to the regulation.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                          September 19, 2013 Thursday

2050 scenario can energise us to review energy policy

BYLINE: Dr Ahmad Ibrahim

SECTION: ; Comment; LOCAL; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 654 words


FUEL price has always been a contentious issue. Raising it is never popular.
This is because once oil price goes up, all other prices will also go up.

Bus fares will be hiked. Taxi fares will be revised upwards.

Food prices will also be pushed up because of increased transport costs. So,
understandably, we face objections and protests from the public.

This is especially common in developing countries where fuel costs are
subsidised.

Often, such subsidy is at the expense of other needed programmes. Fuel subsidy
is a major cost burden for such countries.

People may not realise it. But the fact is such costs are borne by the people
themselves through the taxes collected by the government.

While subsidy helps keep fuel prices low and cushion inflation, experts agree
the harm it does to the economy far outweighs its benefits.

The Academy of Sciences Malaysia has completed a study under its MegaScience
Framework looking at the future of the country's energy sector. What will be the
nation's energy scenario in 2050?

How will the country cope with high energy prices?

The conclusions are rather disturbing. The projection is that, by then, we will
be a net importer of fuel.

And the country's energy demand will increase manyfold.

Unless drastic steps are taken to revise the nation's energy policy, the
economic consequences are grave.

A major revision will concern the policy on subsidy.

It has been reported that the cost of the subsidy to the country runs into
billions of ringgit.

In fact, as a result of the recent subsidy rationalisation, the country can save
more than RM3.3 billion next year.

Imagine if the price of fuel is higher than what it is today. The cost of
subsidy will be much higher. It is, therefore, wise to phase out the subsidy.

The government should be congratulated for taking this brave decision.

As explained by the government, the phasing out is only for blanket subsidy.

The poor and will still need support. So targeted subsidy should remain. Even
that should not be indefinite.

But subsidy is not all bad. In cases where new technologies need to be promoted
for use, initial subsidy will motivate market adoption.

Take the solar panel, for example. In Europe, the initial introduction of the
solar system for public housing was heavily subsidised.

However, when the technology improved and the cost came down, there was also a
gradual phasing out of the subsidy.

And with improvements in costs through research and development, the time will
come when it will no longer be subsidised. That is when market acceptance is
complete.

In the case of the recent rationalisation in fuel subsidy, some percentage of
the savings should be channelled to energy and fuel research.

These can include research to improve energy efficiency, development of the
renewable and alternative energy sources and even social research to motivate
public adoption and acceptance of new technologies.

All these come under the purview of the green technology and sustainable
consumption that the world continues to emphasise.

One suggestion is to craft an industry blueprint for the fuel-cell business.

If such commitments are made known to the public, that can improve the public's
understanding of the rationale behind the government's move to phase out blanket
fuel subsidies.

Apart from investing in energy research, the savings from the subsidy should
also be channelled to improvements in public transport.

In fact, it is more sensible to subsidise public transport than fuel if we are
to reduce the per capita usage of fuel.

Though we have made progress in public transport, the cost and convenience
issues are still wanting. This explains why the use of public transport is poor.

The coverage for one has to be increased.

And the ticketing system calls for an overhaul to be in line with international
practice.

The bottom line is, if public transport is to attract more users, the system
must provide accessibility and convenience.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Subsidy Removal: NLC blows hot

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 658 words


The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has put its state councils and affiliate
unions on the notice for a showdown with the Federal Government over the
impending removal of the fuel subsidy. Protester at Ojota Area in Lagos , during
the occupy Nigeria Protest over the Subsidy Removal by Federal Govt, on
Wednesday 11-1-2012, PHOTO; Kehinde [...]

The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC) has put its state councils and affiliate
unions on the notice for a showdown with the Federal Government over the
impending removal of the fuel subsidy.

Protester at Ojota Area in Lagos , during the occupy Nigeria Protest over the
Subsidy Removal by Federal Govt, on Wednesday 11-1-2012, PHOTO; Kehinde
Gbadamosi
File Photo: Protesters at Ojota Area in Lagos , during the occupy Nigeria
Protest over the Subsidy Removal by Federal Govt, on Wednesday 11-1-2012, PHOTO;
Kehinde Gbadamosi
The General Secretary of the NLC, Dr. Peter Ozo-Eson, in a statement on Tuesday,
said that the NLC was determined to fight the surreptitious removal of the fuel
subsidy.

He said a meeting of the National Executive Committee of the congress would be
convened in January.

He did not give the specific date for the NEC meeting.

The NLC's scribe wondered why opposition politicians who encouraged the mass
action against the former administration to remove the fuel subsidy were now
agitating for its removal.

Ozo-Eson argued that the removal of the fuel subsidy without the capacity to
refine crude oil for local consumption would unleash hardship on workers and
indeed the average Nigerian.

He said the different pump prices for fuel recently announced by the Minister of
State for Petroleum, Mr. Ibe Kachikwi, were meant to confuse Nigerians to remove
the fuel subsidy.

"In the past few weeks, we have heard discordant tunes from government officials
and chieftains of the ruling APC on what the future portends for the prices of
petroleum products and the management of the subsidy scheme.

"Party chieftains who supported and encouraged the massive protests against
subsidy removal in 2012 are now preaching the inevitability of subsidy removal!
The Honourable Minister of State for Petroleum first announced that come next
year the price of petrol will revert to [#x20a6]97 per litre and that subsidy
will be phased out.

"Two days, thereafter, he denied this and stated that what he said was that the
price will operate within a band of [#x20a6]87 to [#x20a6]97 and that this did
not mean removing the subsidy. The same minister now says that the price of
petrol will now be [#x20a6]85 in January signifying the deregulation of the
sector.

"These vacillations and flip flops are, in our view, designed to confuse
Nigerians and pave the way for deregulation of petrol prices through the back
door. The fact of the matter is that as long as we continue to depend on
imported refined products, deregulation and the abandonment of a subsidy scheme
will unleash hardship on Nigerians. ..

"In the meantime, we wish to restate our opposition, adopted at our Central
Working Committee Emergency Meeting of 22nd December, to any attempt by the
government to increase the price of or remove subsidy on petrol.

"We reiterate our directive to our State Councils and Industrial Unions to
commence the process of mobilisation prior to a meeting of the National
Executive Committee to be convened in the New Year.

He said that the fuel pump prices being bandied by the minister were illegal as
the board of the Petroleum Products Price Regulatory Agency had not been
constituted to perform its role for over two years.

He said that the PPPRA was the only government agency empowered by law to
recommend the prices of petroleum products in the country.

He stressed that the prices being thrown up by Kachikwu did not emanate from the
PPPRA.

He called on the Federal Government to constitute the board of the PPPRA to
empower the agency to determine the pump price in line with current realities.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/364/1228/100/145142808635.jpg



LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2015 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

Iran paper suggests alternate ways of ending subsidies for wealthy

LENGTH: 750 words


Text of editorial by Mehdi Hasanzadeh: "Some Points About the Elimination of
Subsidies for the Wealthy" by Iranian newspaper Khorasan on 26 February


The second stage of the targeting [of subsidies] has entered into some more
serious phases with the Majlis's enactment of Provision 21 of the budget law and
the comments on Monday evening by the economy minister regarding the
distribution of the electronic self-declaration forms in order to receive the
subsidies by the end of the year. It seems that in the beginning of the coming
year we should see the implementation of the second stage of the targeting of
subsidies. At present, the government, by announcing that the increase in the
price of energy carriers is on a moderate incline, has tried to prepare the
psychological atmosphere in the society for the implementation of the second
stage of this plan. However, an important point in the implementation of the
second phase is the identification of high-income-earners in order to eliminate
their cash subsidies.

According to the Majlis's provision and the comments on Monday by the economy
minister, the government must, while calling on those applying to receive
subsidies, invite people to present their application to receive subsidies to
the government by filling out the form with their economic information. The
government also, after verifying this information, can sift out those applicants
who have no need [for the subsidies] from those who do have the need. Thus, in
this way, the cash subsidies will - in a more targeted fashion - reach only
those in need.

There is no doubt that the sensitivity of and serious challenges in identifying
the [income] brackets is a topic that not even the former president, with his
audacious spirit, was able to delve into, and he left a failed experiment dubbed
"clustering" as a remembrance of himself. But the new government, while facing
the unsuccessful past experiment, now has before it a public opinion that is
more prepared - in comparison with the past - for the identification and
elimination of the high-income-earners. However, in order to move forward on
this, one must note several points:

1. More serious measures are needed in order to mobilize the media, including
the national media, in line with preparing the public opinion and convincing
individuals who do not have a need, to abstain from receiving the cash subsidies
.

2. The truth is that even though the targeting of subsidies is an economic plan
and requires the consultation of economists, it is important for the opinion of
other experts from specialties relevant to this issue, to also be taken into
account by the government.

3. From the time that the first stage of the targeting was implemented until
now, many discussions regarding the need for the voluntary abstention by wealthy
individuals from the subsidies have been raised. However, it is not clear why
the wealthy individuals, despite having a level of financial and monetary
comfort that cannot be compared to the 45,500-toman [subsidy], do not abstain.
Perhaps, as some people say, being recognized as a wealthy individual, which
will likely bring about problems for him such as being taxed at a higher level,
is what causes a fear of abstaining from the subsidies. In this area, one must
create the certainty that the mechanism of receiving economic information will
be such that it cannot be used for other purposes. In this area, it is necessary
that the government, more than income and economic information, extrapolate the
occupation, consumption [habits], and especially the wealth of individuals. For
example, the area of a city where a household lives and the level of water and
gas consumption are criteria that do not have the sensitivity of getting into
topics such as income, especially for non-government occupations and those who
evade taxes.

In conclusion, it seems that the use of criteria that are concrete and not able
to be generalized to other areas such as taxes, could lead the wealthy to even
voluntarily abstain from receiving the subsidies before the verification of the
economic data. Certainly, the wealthy will not be worried about the elimination
of the subsidies, but rather are worried about the consequences of being
identified as being wealthy. And if these consequences are separated from the
issue of the elimination of the subsidies, we can hope for the voluntary
acceptance by the wealthy of [the plan to not] receive subsidies.

Source: Khorasan, Mashhad, in Persian 26 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

Rice Subsidy Scandal Jolts Officialdom

BYLINE: By Na Jeong-ju

LENGTH: 509 words


Staff Reporter

The main opposition Democratic Party (DP) is seeking a full-fledged National
Assembly investigation into the revelation that 40,000 public employees and
6,000 public company workers pocketed state subsidies planned for rice producers
last year.

A sweeping shakeup may hit the officialdom as the ruling and opposition parties
have pledged strong action to discipline the "corrupt" officials, while the Lee
Myung-bak administration is moving quickly to clarify the allegations.

The controversy grew Wednesday when two incumbent lawmakers of the governing
Grand National Party (GNP), Kim Sung-hoi and Kim Hak-yong, were found to have
taken the rice subsidy, even though they were not eligible. Reports show there
could be more lawmakers who abused the flawed subsidy system to take illegal
gains.

The government has provided a subsidy to small-income rice producers since the
government opened the rice market wider in 2005 in line with international trade
agreements. The owners of rice paddies can receive the subsidy only when they
actually produce rice, otherwise the money should be given to tenant farmers who
actually grow the rice.

According to the Board of Audit and Inspection, 170,000 of the 998,000 people
who received the subsidies in 2006 were not farmers. Of them, about 40,000 were
listed as civil servants, while 6,200 others were employees of public
corporations.

Non-farmers received 168.3 billion won ($135.7 million) in 2006, more than 10
percent of the total rice subsidy of 1.62 trillion won given that year.

President Lee faces growing calls to dismiss Lee Bong-hwa, vice minister of
health, welfare and family affairs, one of the high-ranking officials implicated
in the scandal. President Lee has often vowed to establish the rule of law and
deal strictly with corrupt officials.

"Lee instructed government offices to look into all suspicions about the rice
subsidies in a prompt and strict manner," Cheong Wa Dae spokesman Lee Dong-kwan
said. "An initial investigation showed there are no ministers or presidential
secretaries who had taken, or applied for the subsidy."

The case is now snowballing into political warfare. The DP claimed many senior
officials of the Lee administration violated the law by taking the subsidy,
while the governing GNP said former President Roh Moo-hyun is first to blame as
the faulty subsidy system began under his administration.

"We will seek a parliamentary investigation to unearth the subsidy case. The GNP
should cooperate with us to root out corruption in officialdom," DP spokesman
Rep. Choi Jae-seong said. "We again urge President Lee to sack his vice health
minister immediately. The government should also make public the names of all
officials who took the subsidies."

"The officials who violated the law should be held responsible," GNP floor
leader Rep. Hong Joon-pyo said. "However, it is unfair to blame only the current
administration as the subsidy system began under Roh. We should check how many
senior government officials under Roh misused the system to get the subsidy."

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             October 7, 1985 Monday

Bonn loses campaign   against steel subsidies

BYLINE: PAUL CHEESERIGHT; FT

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: Brussels BELGIUM


BY  PAUL CHEESERIGHT
  Financial Times
   BRUSSELS
    The West German campaign against subsidies in the European Community
 steel industry received a severe blow last week when the European Court of
 Justice upheld the way the EC Commission has been authorizing subsidies
 for restructuring.

The court in Luxembourg rejected a West German Government action,
 supported by industry, aimed at overturning decisions taken by the EC
 Commission in June, 1983, permitting subsidies of 17.5 billion European
 currency units ($20-billion) to the Belgian, British, French and Italian
 steel industries. The authorizations were linked to cuts in capacity
 totalling 18.7 million tonnes.

The loss of the case weakens the arguments the Bonn Government has been
 putting forward consistently about steel subsidies. It could therefore
 affect the West German negotiating position in discussions later this
 month on the nature of subsidies to be permitted the industry after the
 end of the year.

Bonn's argument has been that the amount of subsidies authorized by the
 commission should be mathematically linked to capacity cuts by the
 recipient of the subsidy. This argument was advanced not only in the court
 but in the general debate about the use of subsidies in the EC's
 collective approach to restructuring the steel industry.

West Germany is opposing an extension of the subsidy system after the
 end of the year, even though the proposal on the table is to tie such
 subsidies to plant closings.

But the court rejected that mathematical link. The judgment noted that
 the EC Steel Aids Code, which sets down the rules for the collective
 approach to restructuring, did indeed establish a link between subsidies
 and restructuring that involved capacity cuts.

What the code did not set out, the court said, was a precise
 quantitative link between the amount of subsidy and the importance of the
 capacity to be cut. It therefore accepted the commission's argument on the
 need for flexibility, taking into account, for example, the differing
 effects of capacity cuts on employment.

The reaction of commission lawyers was that the West German Government
 in the forthcoming political discussions will now have to moderate its
 hard line because it is not fully supported legally.

The Steel Aids Code and the market measures accompanying it -
 production quotas and minimum prices - run out on Dec. 31 and can only be
 extended with the agreement of industry ministers.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 19, 2015

Don't Foreclose Petroleum Products Subsidy Discourse (II)

BYLINE: Sonny Atumah

LENGTH: 1062 words


As we continue our discourse on subsidy from last week, let us examine the
international geopolitics of subsidies. The greatest subsidisers of energy are
the greatest consumers; the United States and China. They both spend about $3
trillion annually on subsidies for their people.

Global geopolitics of subsidy is now baited for international climate
negotiations. Western nations now encourage us to abandon subsidies because of
carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases they emit that are linked to climate
change. The discourse now is the reduction of fossil fuel which for a long time
had been the world's largest source of electricity for renewable energy.

The International Energy Agency (IEA) reports that by 2030, renewable energy
could become the world's largest source of electricity ahead of known
conventional sources of coal, natural gas and nuclear power. Arguments are that
energy source would reduce global greenhouse gas emissions which would soon peak
with dangerous consequences.

The Conference of the Parties to the UN global treaty on climate change slated
for December 2015 in Paris would give countries the opportunity to submit their
Individual Nationally Determined Contributions (INDCs). The US plans to cut
greenhouse emissions by 26 to 28 percent below the 2005 levels by 2030 while the
EU plans to cut by 40 percent of its1990 levels. China plans to start bringing
down its carbon dioxide emissions by 2030.

They advise us to jettison subsidies using economic theorems that are provable
from axioms; that money saved from subsidy removal could be channelled into
infrastructure as education and health for the good of the people. Call it
logic; subsidy is also for the good of the people.

Their new technologies developed result in new products and energy sources
including renewable energy that are rendering liquid fossil fuel useless. OPEC
members' (including Nigeria) survivals are being threatened. The whole essence
is that our liquid fossil fuel would soon become a commodity like coal which for
centuries was a priceless resource for energy would become a worthless energy
resource at the end of the 21st century.

What has now become shale revolution has dealt a big blow on countries like
Nigeria as a crude oil exporting nation. This new technology is a result of the
40-year old research of America in response to the Arab Oil embargo on America
and its allies in the Arab - Israeli War of 1973. The United States is now
taking full control the oil market supply and price, and with their strong
currency for now we are out for a raw deal.

The same countries that discourage fossil fuel subsidies offer consumer
subsidies to purchasers of hybrid and electric cars. Automobile companies like
GM, Ford and Chrysler in the United States have been encouraged through
subsidies to produce and sell E85 (Flexible fuel) vehicles that run on gasoline
(85 percent) and ethanol (15 percent) blends.

Nearly 10 million flex fuel vehicles sold in the United States have government
tax credit as subsidy for producers and users. Corn farmers in the Mid-west
states are being encouraged to produce more for the ethanol content of Flex
fuel/E85. Americans get up to $7500 credit for driving electric vehicles. In
Canada, subsidy for the use of Electric vehicles attract 8600 dollars subsidy.
In Europe, the need to reduce the use of liquid fossil fuels has made the
various governments especially the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and
Development (OECD) members to subsidise the use of Plug in electric vehicles. In
the UK Drivers are to get 5000 pounds electric car subsidy from government if
they buy electric cars.

In France subsidy for use of electric vehicles is up to 2000 euros and free
parking; Germany-exemption from annual circulation tax for five years; Italy-75
percent reduction of tax rate; Spain-6000 euros tax incentive;
Netherland-exemption from registration fee and road taxes amounting to 5324
euros over four years. In China, for use of Plug in electric vehicle, there is
exemption from taxes up to 7634 dollars while in Japan, it is between 2000 and
9000 dollars

Former British Prime Minister, Mr. Tony Blair recently asked President Buhari to
remove subsidy on petroleum products in Nigeria. The former British leader knows
how the less privileged are adequately protected with all sorts of subsidies
including council flats housing, mortgages, immigration laws to reduce the level
of unemployment for British citizens. The United States is spending $148 billion
in 2015 in subsidizing agriculture. Here in Nigerian there is no public good;
security, electricity, water, mosquito spraying programme, agriculture,
pollution control, transportation, adequate health care, education and other
public infrastructure are almost nonexistent.

In Nigeria the revenue from crude which has come down as a result of the global
oil glut has forced the country to devalue the Naira in quick succession. This
no doubt is affecting the cost of importing refined petroleum products. With the
government paying the difference in the cost of landing and the pump price which
we call subsidy, it will continue to be a problem. Let us refine locally!

One is advising the Kachikwu-led NNPC not to stop import subsidy for now as it
will pose a serious challenge to the Nigerian monetary authorities because of
its inflationary tendencies in the short run. One believes that even with the
fiscal authorities trying to rein in government spending occasioned by low
revenues of crude exports, real fiscal retrenchment may only be realizable in
the middle term.

What led to forged subsidy claims are corruption and inefficiency in the system.
That we spent six billion dollars in one year (2012) on subsidy is scratching
the surface. We must find out how we spent, why we spent and to who we spent,
when we have four refineries that were not allowed to operate in two decades. We
should know what exactly the country imports, and consumes daily of various
products.

The President has promised to beam a searchlight on the NNPC to kill the
monster. The germane issues that must be investigated killed and certified dead
to allow the system work is how we got entangled in import subsidy. Have we
invested in this racket that has left the perpetrators merely removed from
office and given absolution to go with their loot and sin no more? Not for
President Buhari.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Is Measuring the TBTF Subsidy a Distraction?

BYLINE: Mayra Rodr\xEDguez Valladares

SECTION: REGULATION & REFORM Vol. 1 No. 69

LENGTH: 855  words


Are the nation's biggest banks still receiving government subsidies six years
after the crisis? Two recent studies by the Federal Reserve and the
International Monetary Fund suggest that global systemically important banks
benefit from implicit subsidies because the market believes they will be bailed
out in the event of a crisis. A separate study by Oliver Wyman, sponsored by The
Clearing House Association, concluded that subsidies received by big banks are
negligible. A long-awaited study on the matter from the Government
Accountability Office is due out this summer.

But some argue that quantifying the subsidies that banks receive is hardly the
most important issue. Global systemically important banks, or G-SIBs, continue
to have very large challenges in the areas of credit, market, operational and
liquidity risks. That's what regulators, policymakers and the media should be
focusing on.

I have long felt that it is very difficult to measure subsidies precisely,
especially since the types and amounts of data inputs used in these measurement
modelsÂ  - including yields, credit spreads and ratings - will influence the
results in varied ways. Patrick Sims, director at Hamilton Place Strategies, a
policy and public affairs consulting firm, argues that "it is important to
measure the subsidy with data since the Dodd-Frank Act was passed."

There is "no question there was a subsidy before crisis," Sims says. But with
Dodd-Frank, he says, it is "against the law to bail out a bank. No politician
would bail out a bank now."

Paul Saltzman, who oversees the legal, compliance and litigation functions at
The Clearing House, has criticized the Fed study's methodology, arguing that it
"was irrelevant since the data used were bond yields before the crisis."

Wayne Abernathy, the American Bankers Association's executive vice president of
financial institutions policy and regulatory affairs, points out that "everyone
will critique each other's methodology to measure any too-big-to-fail subsidy."

While it may be difficult to quantify the size of subsidies, Abernathy argues
that "there is a consistent trend in all the studies. Whatever advantage
existed, the more recent data show a much smaller advantage, if any at all."

Yet subsidies of any size have the potential to do real harm, as Boston
University law professor Cornelius Hurley argues. "A subsidy prevents normal
governance from taking place," Hurley says. "It serves as a poison pill and as
disincentive to divestitures by making all too-big-to-fail assets worth less
outside the TBTF womb."

Like Hurley, I believe that we should investigate the many other benefits that
large banks receive, including special terms for collateral, default covenants
in long-term debt and more favorable treatment on repurchase agreements. We have
already had enough studies measuring the TBTF subsidy. Let's look at all the
other benefits that TBTF banks continue to receive that keep them too large to
manage, supervise or even to jail.

A bill crafted by Hurley for Representative Mike Capuano, HR 2266, aims to
measure the too-big-to-fail subsidy once and for all. More important, however,
it would require banks to hold additional capital to sustain unexpected losses.
Right now, it has not even made it to committee. Anat Admati, a professor of
finance and economics at Stanford University, says that while HR 2266 is "well
intentioned," for her "the real elephant in the room is that big banks are very
leveraged and get away with more risk at other people's expense."

Admati's concern is that trying to measure the TBTF subsidy may be a distraction
from "making banks live in the real world of having more equity the way other
corporations do."

Professor Mehrsa Baradaran at the University of Georgia School of Lawconcurs
with Admati. "Focusing on measuring the TBTF subsidy is missing the point," she
argues. "There is a very strong bank-government partnership. Does banking exist
without Fed funding and Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. insurance?"

Even if we manage to measure the subsidy, the whole infrastructure that makes
banks so big remains. In their study "Has Market Discipline Improved After the
Dodd-Frank Act?," Professor Bhanu Balasubramnian of the University of Akron and
Professor Ken B. Cyree of the University of Mississippi point out that "the
market knows banks have support from FDIC guarantees on banks' deposit
liabilities. Deposit holders do not actively monitor banks because of that
insurance."

No matter how much time we spend trying to measure the TBTF subsidy, Admati
reminds us that the "subsidy studies do not measure banks' distance to default."
That's what should keep us up at night.

My own view is aligned with that of Admati: "Large banks cause a lot of
collateral damage. Having more equity solves distortions; banks should be
charged for the secondhand smoking damage that they cause."

MayraÂ RodrÃ­guezÂ Valladares is managing principal atÂ MRV Associates, a New
York-based capital markets and financial regulatory consulting and training
firm. She is also a faculty member atÂ Financial Markets WorldÂ and the New York
Institute of Finance.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             August 9, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Farm aid;
Crop subsidies offer safety net for producers

BYLINE: Jennifer Mock, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 621 words


From the field to the plate, most farmers across Oklahoma say that without
federal crop subsidies, there would either be fewer producers or more expensive
food across the country.

Apache wheat farmer Paul Jackson said without the subsidy he receives each year,
he would have filed for bankruptcy years ago. Jackson is not alone.

According to the Environmental Working Group -- a nonprofit group in Washington
that supports subsidy reform -- more than 3 million farmers received some form
of government assistance between the years of 1995 and 2003, totaling more than
$131 billion.

Almost $3 billion of that total went to almost 100,000 farmers in Oklahoma over
the nine year span, with more than half of that going solely to wheat subsidies.

Many farmers say they would be forced out of business if government subsidies
were reduced.

"My bottom line would be in the red every year if I didn't get the payment. That
is how important it is for all the commodities," Jackson said. "I'd say if they
cut these payments out, it will take out most of the grain and cotton farmers
because there is no way we could compete with the world."

Jackson received more than $280,000 in subsidies between 1995 and 2003,
according to a database kept by EWG. But, at about $31,000 a year, Jackson said
the money is only enough to ensure he can cover his farming expenses, not make a
profit.

Terry Detrick, vice president of the Oklahoma Farmers Union, said he considers
subsidies as a line of national defense and said cutting the federal assistance
would decrease America's stature as a superpower. The country is importing about
as much food as it is exporting, he said. But the trend is moving toward the
country having to bring more foreign food in to meet demand, which he said will
increase our reliance on other countries for food.

Detrick said U.S. farmers could not equally compete in a global economy without
subsidies because of increased regulations and pressures to keep food costs low.

"We are in a global marketplace that rewards least-cost producers. The U.S.
farmer is in a disadvantaged position," he said. "European subsidies run four to
six times the amount of U.S. subsidies. They get more, yet we still have to
compete with them."

Despite groups that have argued that subsidies only go to the richest farmers
and should at least be scaled back, Detrick said most farmers' livelihood is
tied to government help.

"It really gets under my skin when people talk about farmers that want to get
their income just out of their mailbox," he said. "Most of these checks go to
keeping our economy turning and our food supply coming."

But, Ken Cook, president of the Environmental Working Group, said the data shows
that a majority of American farmers do not receive a subsidy at all, and those
that do consist of some of the largest farmers.

According to the group's data, of the 2,128,982 farms counted by the 2002 Census
of Agriculture, only 33 percent received government payments. Additionally, 10
percent of the recipients took in 72 percent of the total payments.

Cook said subsidy policy now does not have a need-based criteria, meaning the
producers with larger operations, and typically bigger profits, are receiving
the most subsidy money. Many farmers, especially those with smaller operations,
want to see the subsidy payments limited so the money is more evenly
distributed, he said.

"It isn't like we want to completely take away the safety net, but there is room
in between for something more sensible," he said. "I am prepared to believe that
every (farmer) needs the money, but what is the plan? Are we just going to do
this forever, or should we be looking at something better for Oklahoma that
would diversify the economy yet still provide a safety net?"

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Jackson of Apache checks the wheat in a field west of Walters in
this May photo. - BY DAVID McDANIEL, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                  May 24, 2014

ONGC told to pay record Rs 56,384 cr in subsidy

LENGTH: 380  words


New Delhi: The government has ordered Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) to pay a
record Rs 56,384 crore in subsidy to help state-owned fuel retailers cover part
of the losses they incurred on diesel and cooking fuel in 2013-14.



State-owned GAIL (India) Ltd has been roped back into the subsidy web as the
government reversed its October order of capping the company's share of the
subsidy burden for 2013-14 financial year to Rs 1,400 crore. OIL has been asked
to pay 11% more subsidy at Rs 8,736.85 crore while GAIL's subsidy output has
been increased to Rs 1900 crore.

The Oil Ministry on May 21 asked ONGC and other state oil and gas producers Oil
India and GAIL to shell out Rs 67,021.14 crore to cover for about 48 per cent of
over Rs 140,000 crore loss retailers Indian Oil (IOC), Bharat Petroleum (BPCL)
and Hindustan Petroleum (HPCL) incurred on selling diesel, LPG and kerosene
below cost in 2013-14.  The government will chip in Rs 70,772 crore by way of
cash subsidy, official sources told PTI.

Retailers sell diesel, domestic cooking gas (LPG) and kerosene at rates way
below cost. The losses they incur is compensated by way of cash subsidy from
government as well as assistance from upstream firms like ONGC. For 2013-14,
ONGC's subsidy share has been fixed at Rs 56,384.29 crore, 14 per cent higher
than Rs 49,421 crore subsidy payout in previous 2012-13 fiscal, they said.

Sources said the government had for the first three quarters paid the fuel
retailers Rs 35,772 crore in cash subsidy and will pay another Rs 35,000 crore
for the fourth quarter ended March 31, 2014. Of the additional subsidy, IOC will
get Rs 18,504.62 crore, HPCL Rs 6,938.46 crore and BPCL Rs 9,556.92 crore.

For the fiscal 2013-14, IOC will get Rs 37,182.27 crore in cash subsidy, HPCL Rs
15,215.45 crore and BPCL Rs 18,374.28 crore.

ONGC says its 2012-13 net profit should have been Rs 49,339 crore and not Rs
20,926 crore it reported had it not paid fuel subsidies.

The government subsidy and upstream support should help fuel retailes report
healthy profits for 2013-14 when they report earnings next year. IOC and BPCL
are scheduled to report fourth quarter and 2013-14 earnings on May 29, while
HPCL will do so on May 28. Gas utility GAIL will announce its earnings on May 26
and ONGC on May 29.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                                 March 12, 2009
                              Business Day Edition

Crackdown on subsidy fraud yields results

BYLINE: THABANG MOKOPANELE

SECTION: CRIME, LAW & JUSTICE

LENGTH: 472  words


Crackdown on subsidy fraud yields results

Special Investigation Unit recovers R40,8m in housing subsidy graft

Property Correspondent

THE Department of Housing and the Special Investigation Unit (SIU) have managed
to recover R40,8m from individuals who obtained housing subsidies fraudulently -
some cases going back almost 10 years.

Forensic investigations, sparked by a 2006 report by the auditor- general, have
revealed shocking statistics regarding fraud involving attorneys, individuals
and government employees.

Briefing the media on a broad forensic probe into housing corruption yesterday,
SIU head Willie Hofmeyr said it had recovered R1,7m nationally from individuals.

He said an investigation into 111 firms of attorneys and conveyancers in
KwaZulu-Natal between 1998 and 2006 resulted in five attorneys being struck off
the roll over fraudulent activities.

"In the Eastern Cape R700000 was recovered and 47 criminal prosecutions are
pending. In Gauteng and the Northern Cape R11m was recovered," Hofmeyr said.

The auditor-general's report showed that the department had allocated
1,4-million subsidies worth R21bn over 10 years. A performance audit, conducted
at the department's request, found that 3,8% of 53426 subsidies granted between
January 1994 and March 2004 were "exceptions".

The subsidies amounted to R800m.

Hofmeyr said exceptions did not necessarily point to corruption, but to
potential irregularities which required forensic investigation.

The auditor-general's report found that 85% of the sampled 2359 government
employees received irregular subsidies.

The report also found 7353 nonqualifying government employees receiving
subsidies, 5335 subsidy applications that were approved after the applicants had
died and subsidies granted to 6708 people who were younger than 21. A further
4471 subsidies were granted to people with invalid identity numbers, 3599
duplicate subsidies per individual or household were uncovered, while 25849
duplicate subsidies were granted for a specific property.

Housing director-general Itumeleng Kotsoane said efforts to improve systems had
been made.

"Key to approval of fraudulent applications was the ability of officials to
override the system.

"Today the override of search results on the housing subsidy system is no longer
conducted by an individual," Kotsoane said.

He said the system had been enhanced to enforce a second level of authorisation
by a senior official at the level of the chief financial officer or a delegated
official.

Kotsoane said that the minister had to decide what to do with those who had
benefited from fraudulent applications.

mokopanelet@bdfm.co.za

SYSTEM FIX: Housing director-general Itumeleng Kotsoane says the Department of
Housing has introduced new measures and system enhancements in a bid to clamp
down on housing subsidy fraud. Picture: MARTIN RHODES

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 27, 2006 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

ROGERS;
Enough with the subsidies, new officials say;
Candidates who campaigned against tax-increment financing have won control of
the Rogers City Council.

BYLINE: Mike Kaszuba, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1215 words


Even as shoppers gawk at the stuffed Alaska Yukon moose and eye the display of
battery-heated socks at Cabela's in Rogers this week, the fallout from how the
giant outdoors retailer was lured to town continues.

Before Cabela's opened its doors last fall, the company was given as much as $5
million in public subsidies from the city. Still angry with that concession -
and others that make Rogers the leading city in Minnesota for public subsidies -
voters registered their displeasure three weeks ago by electing a slate of
candidates who campaigned against the city's penchant for handing out public
subsidies.

"They're still hopping mad about it," Paul Przybilla said of the Cabela's
subsidy.

In January, Przybilla will become Rogers' new mayor after having successfully
campaigned against the overuse of subsidies by this city of 6,000 residents on
the northwest edge of the Twin Cities. Many businesses that got subsidies, he
and others argued during the campaign, might have built in Rogers even without
such support.

For more than two decades, Rogers has pushed the use of tax-increment financing,
a complicated subsidy tool that channels property taxes from cities, counties
and schools to help pay for the costs of the development, such as land
acquisition and site preparation.

In the six years ending in 2005, Rogers led all major Minnesota cities in the
use of the subsidy.

Twenty-seven percent of Rogers' total tax capacity, according to a study by the
nonprofit Citizens League, had been captured by tax-increment financing during
that period. Rogers was only one of three major cities - Chaska and Mounds View
were the others - with more than 20 percent of their total tax capacity devoted
to the subsidy. The average for the 54 largest municipal users of tax-increment
financing was 9.5 percent, with Minneapolis at 15 percent.

In Rogers, which sits on the edge of Hennepin County along a growing corridor
linking the Twin Cities metro area and St. Cloud, everything from Cabela's to
Dairy Queen had received a subsidy.

For City Council Member-elect Steve Rauenhorst, enough was enough.

"There was a lot of - I wouldn't say hostility - but resentment on the idea the
[city] was giving stuff away," said Rauenhorst, a laborer and another first-time
office seeker. From now on, he said, "if people are expecting money when they
come out here, sorry, it's not going to happen."

Przybilla, Rauenhorst and City Council Member Jamie Davis all won after
stressing their opposition to public subsidies. They will form a new majority on
the five-member council that already includes Scott Adams, a critic of the
Cabela's subsidy.

At City Hall, the fallout from the election has already stirred a debate of what
will happen next, and whether Rogers went too far in offering subsidies to
businesses. Part of the post-election scrutiny has fallen on Gary Eitel, the
22-year city administrator and architect of much of the longtime public subsidy
policy.

Eitel said Rogers' elections signaled a trend away from tax-increment financing
that was already occurring in the city and elsewhere. Rogers, he said, had not
created a new tax-increment development district in six years, and soon would be
closing out three others.

But Rogers' record of giving subsidies, Eitel said, had over the years enabled a
small city along Interstate Hwy. 94 best known for a truck stop - Rogers had
just 649 residents when Eitel began - to blossom into a city with a tax base big
enough to finance schools and parks. "I now have an industrial park that's 3
million square feet," Eitel said.

Cabela's, he said, will in time be another example of a good decision by the
city. In addition, he said, Cabela's had informed Rogers that it would not build
there without a subsidy. "They told me, `no,' " he said.

The company's subsidy package included as much as $3.5 million in the
tax-increment financing deal and $1.5 million in city property tax abatements -
a partial exemption from having to pay property taxes.

Leigh Stanley, the outgoing mayor who supported Eitel and voted for Cabela's
subsidy, agreed. Stanley said he was blamed, unfairly, for the use of public
subsidies, and said his opponents left voters "misinformed."

He said the city brokered fair deals for taxpayers. Even Cabela's, after
obtaining an agreement from Rogers that does not require the company to pay
property taxes for a period of years, will pay $120,000 in city property taxes
next year because of the way the city structured the subsidy, he said.

"I think we've done a pretty good job," he said.

But Davis said Cabela's symbolized the city's overuse of subsidies. "I had
numerous people come up and thank me for standing up to Cabela's," said Davis,
referring to the City Council's 3-2 vote in January 2005 to approve the city's
subsidy agreement with Cabela's.

Darren Jakel, a City Council member who supported Cabela's but did not seek
reelection, said election results caught him by surprise and will make life in
Rogers interesting. The complexities of tax-increment financing and public
subsidies, he said, are "a tough thing for the average person to understand."

"I think I had three people tell me that was the wrong decision," Jakel said of
Cabela's. "I haven't heard the outcry that it was bad."

Mike Kaszuba - 612-673-4388

ROGERS:LEADER OF THE PACK

Though it has just 5,800 residents, Rogers has long topped the list of cities
that has used tax-increment financing, a popular municipal subsidy tool used to
lure development. From 2000 to 2005, Rogers topped all cities in Minnesota with
at least $1 million captured in TIF.


                               2000 - 2005
                   Total tax     TIF* tax     Percent
                   capacity      capacity     captured
                 (in millions) (in millions)
1   Rogers          $43.7         $11.8        27.1%
2   Chaska         $100.7         $23.0        22.8
3   Mounds View     $48.3         $10.0        20.7
4   Sauk Rapids     $33.9         $6.2         18.3
5   Waite Park      $39.5         $6.8         17.3
6   Ramsey          $88.5        $14.9         16.9
7   Champlin        $91.1        $14.3         15.7
8   Anoka           $75.6        $11.7         15.5
9   Chanhassen     $150.7        $22.7         15.1
10  Brooklyn Park  $298.6        $44.9         15.0
11  Minneapolis  $1,917.2       $287.1         15.0
12  Marshall        $45.1         $6.3         14.0
13  Richfield      $156.1        $21.7         13.9
14  Buffalo         $44.3         $6.2         13.9
15  Duluth         $252.3        $35.0         13.9
   Average for   $12,021.3    $1,139.4          9.5
   top 54 cities


* Tax Increment Financing, or TIF, is a complicated public subsidy tool that has
been used - and occasionally abused -  since the late 1970s in Minnesota by
cities to lure development.  The increased property taxes anticipated from a new
development, which normally go to a city or school district, are instead
"captured" to help pay for the project's startup costs, such as land acquisition
or site preparation.  TIF is only supposed to be used when it is deemed that a
project would not occur without the subsidy.  Once the startup costs are paid -
a process that can take decades - the increased property taxes go to their usual
sources, such as schools.

- Source: Citizens League of Minnesota

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
MAP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               February 06, 2016

Who Profits From Scrap of Kerosene Subsidy?

BYLINE: Chineme Okafor

LENGTH: 1009 words

Chineme Okafor

 observes that the effects of the recent removal of subsidy on household
kerosene by the federal government may be far-reaching

In 2012, the federal government had informed the country that it would not be
able to continue to pay huge monies to subsidise the country's consumption of
petroleum products subsidy including household kerosene.

The government had explained that the annual subsidy payment it made on
consumption of products was huge and unsustainable, thus letting the people know
that it would stop subsidy on consumption of petroleum products.

From this, Nigerians were made to believe that the enormous payments that were
made to petroleum marketers for importation and sale of products at regulated
prices for petrol and kerosene were actually not necessarily consumed by
Nigerians.

It beat up claims that the continued subsidising of consumption of products
especially household kerosene was not working for Nigeria, adding that the
poorest of Nigerians who relied on kerosene as their sole fuel source enjoyed no
drop in the price they bought kerosene at their places, moreover, the product
was seldom available, yet subsidy payments were made to individuals.

But in reaction to this, a large section of the population questioned the
premise of the government subsidy figures. They stated that the figures quoted
by government reeks of unbridled corrupt practices and inefficiency in following
through the importation and distribution of kerosene to end users.

Similarly, investigative media reports played up and condemned claims by the
Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) which benefitted the most from
the kerosene subsidy largesse, that about N1.728 trillion, being over 80 per
cent of controversial and unaccounted $10.8 billion oil money was used for
subsidy on kerosene.

But then, NNPC's supposed subsidy withdrawal on kerosene was found to have been
in defiance of a subsisting 2009 presidential directive to the Ministry of
Petroleum Resources and its group managing director to remove the payment of
subsidy on kerosene from the Petroleum Support Fund (PSF) template. The template
is managed by the Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA).

The government, had, in taking into consideration the fact that the payment of
subsidy on kerosene was not reaching the intended people, asked the minister to
take off the payment from the template.

Yet, the NNPC ignored the directive and continued to make subsidy claims on
kerosene. It even set up distribution schemes such as the 'Kero-Direct' which it
signed up with a private oil marketing firm to sell kerosene to end-users at a
subsidised rate of N50 per litre. Steady supply of kerosene had even with the
measures still remained elusive.

In describing the situation, a 2012 report of an investigation conducted by the
House of Representatives on Petroleum Products Subsidy, succinctly said the
scheme was "a scam to defraud Nigerians and extort money from the Petroleum
Support Fund (PSF)."

The lawmakers further noted in the report that the NNPC did not only defy the
directive to stop the subsidy scheme, but also designed it in a way that
products would rarely get to the target beneficiaries at the approved price but
diversion would thrive.

They noted that throughout the period under review, kerosene, which should sell
to consumers nationwide at the subsidised price of N50 per litre, was primarily
sold at only NNPC mega stations in the country even though it never really was
available and at the official price. Consumers bought kerosene between N160 and
N200 per litre in the open market.

Kerosene Subsidy is off, What Has Changed?

Following through the kerosene subsidy abuses and massive cries for
accountability of the process, the government last week indicated its final
removal of subsidy on the product which then saw the price of same go up to N83
per litre from the regulated but dysfunctional price of N50 per litre.

Through the recent PPPRA template, the government effectively ended subsidy on
household kerosene. The PPPRA in its product pricing template stated that the
N83 per litre price applies only to the NNPC, which could mean that other
petroleum marketers are at liberty to fix prices and sell the product higher
than N83 per litre.

Deeply, the import of the new decision is that the government would by cutting
its losses on kerosene subsidy, now keep back good monies which could be
ploughed into other beneficial endeavors and for which the citizens will have
tangible feel of.

Going by the estimated N1.728 trillion which the NNPC had claimed for subsidy on
kerosene in the past, the government could save as much as that, with which it
can use to build schools, hospitals, roads and other critical infrastructure,
rather than pay out monies for things that were never supplied.

Again, Nigeria, being endowed with large gaseous petroleum resources, much of
which are exported at the moment, can begin to really promote the use of gas as
a much cleaner and cheaper energy to kerosene.

Through liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), the country can begin to find solutions
to modernising her cooking energy. A 2013 survey conducted by the Nigeria
Infrastructure Advisory Facility (NIAF) in 1,800 households in three states
showed that households indeed prefer LPG over kerosene but are afraid of the
high cost.

The development therefore offers an opportunity for the country to leverage on
monetising her gas resources.

NIAF said in the report that at the moment the use of LPG is constrained both by
the supply and the demand, whereby there are not enough bottles to satisfy the
demand, and there is often no supply in regions with demand.

The decision to manage the wealth that would be saved from removing subsidy on
kerosene could become sensible to Nigerians when the government takes the lead
in setting up and implementing alternative strategies to cooking energy.
Perhaps, promoting LPG for all households and small businesses in the country
may help both the government and citizens remain on the same page in the new
situation.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 531 words


There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the registered
consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more than Rs 10
lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday.

The cap will come into ef ect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of self-dec aration at the time of booking arefill
in keeping with the "government's approach of trust ng citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to voluntarily
surrender the LPG subsidy so that clean fuel can be provided to those who are
still

dependent on firewood or cowdung cake for cooking.

Each registered household is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The
ministry's move will ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax
bracket lose their

subsidy , once the criteria are implemented fully by linking the PAN number to
the consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor.But it will also
raise the hackles of a large number of middleclass voters.

That is why the move stands out as an indicator of the Modi government's
political resolve to tackle head-on the issue of kitchen subsidy , one of the
holy cows of Indian politics. Governments have toyed with various ideas to
tackle LPG subsidy but have floundered under political pulls and pressures. This
is the first time that a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front gov ernment in 1997 un veiled a comprehensive oil reforms
package with timelines for deregulating fuel prices and removing subsidies.
Carrying forward that decision, the ministry under Ram Naik during the NDA-I
rule decided in 2002 to first freeze -and then gradually phase out -LPG subsidy
by raising rates in small measures. But this plan was dumped as polls neared and
oil prices spiked.

During UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG subsidy
, first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011.Broadly , households with a car, house
or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy . But the plan did not move beyond the
drawing board due to opposition in Congress and from its allies.

As TOI first reported on November 7, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had last
month given an indication that the government was looking at stripping the rich
of subsidy to ensure more re

sponsible use of public money. The time has come for the government, the finance
ministry can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be
given the subsidy... The question as to who should get subsidy should be
debated. Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket,"
Pradhan had told the finance ministry's Delhi Economics Conclave on November 6.
The oil minister was reacting to a question from FM Arun Jaitley , who asked
whether one could move beyond the JAM (Jan Dhan-Aadhaar-Mobile) programme aimed
at better targeting of subsidies and compulsorily deny the subsidy to people
within a particular income bracket.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 6, 2012 Tuesday

City agrees to let taxi service keep subsidy

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


March 06--Jamestown Taxi Service, also known as City Taxi, will continue to
receive a subsidy for at least one more year, the Jamestown City Council decided
Monday.

The action came during the council's regular meeting after the issue was removed
from the consent agenda.

"I don't think a subsidy is necessary once there are two taxi services in
business," said Mayor Katie Andersen. "They should compete free of government
subsidies."

Jamestown Taxi and Last Leg Taxi operate in Jamestown. Jamestown Taxi receives a
subsidy in the amount of half of its financial loses.

The grant money used for the subsidy originates from the U.S. Department of
Transportation and is collected from fuel taxes. The grant program is
administered by the North Dakota Department of Transportation. There is no local
tax money involved in the subsidy, said Jeff Fuchs, city administrator.

"We wouldn't be here if the subsidy wasn't there," said Doug Fogderud, owner of
Jamestown Taxi Service. "It concerns me for the future. If the subsidy weren't
in place I'd be out of business tomorrow."

Andersen said she had not reviewed the financial status of the taxi service.

"I have not looked at the finances," she said. "The subsidy covers half of
losses but you can make anything look like anything on paper. If there are two
services there is a demand."

Ramone Gumke, city councilman, was concerned about the staff effort required to
process the grant application.

Councilman Ken Schulz was concerned it was unfair to the business to abruptly
end the subsidy grant.

"This would pull the rug out from under them," he said.

Schulz then moved to authorize the application for the grant for one more year
but to inform the owner of the service that it would be reviewed next year. This
motion passed unanimously.

In other business, the City Council approved a gaming license for a poker
tournament sponsored by Ducks Unlimited and a raffle permit for a Relay for Life
team known as 4 the Family.

Approved on the consent agenda were the final plans for closing Second Street
East as part of the Runnin O' the Green as well as issuing permits for Buffalo
Lanes, Frontier Fort & Grill, Corner Bar, Office Bar & Lounge, Shady's, Trax
Bar, Vets Club and Wonder Bar to sell alcohol outdoors as part of the event.

Sun reporter Keith Norman can be reached at 701-952-8452 or by email at
knorman@jamestownsun.com

___ (c)2012 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120306-QJ-City-agrees-to-let-taxi-service-keep-subsidy-0306-20120306

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2012 The Jamestown Sun


                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            October 8, 2011 Saturday

As Fuel Subsidy Goes... [opinion]

BYLINE: Bala Muhammad

LENGTH: 1147  words


Someone was asked, "What's the difference between an optimist and a pessimist?"
the one questioned had thought for a minute before responding, "An optimist is
the guy who created the airplane. A pessimist is the guy who created the
parachute."

I had always thought of myself as among the airplane creators, the optimists,
but recent life in Nigeria makes one to think that one really belongs among the
parachute makers, the pessimists. To boot, one also feels like one desperately
needs that same parachute to bail out of this nation, were it in flight.

Now they are telling us they are going to remove fuel subsidy. To be honest, I
don't know, and don't believe, that this country subsidises me in any way or
form. I take care of myself, I take care of my family, I take care of some of my
relatives, I provide employment to others, and do a lot of good for this country
without reward or expectation of any. And if fuel is still subsidised (knowing
full well that it has been removed a million times in the past) that is good
news.

Soon they will start dishing out those smelly statistics of how much fuel costs
in Country ABC and Country XYZ, and why subsidy should be removed here. Soon
they will start churning out that worn-out chant of using the removed subsidy to
work on infrastructure, to provide this and that, and to fix these and those.
Run helter-skelter Nigerians, I say run from this hogwash!

We have been there, done that. The long and short of it is: I will not believe
them, and neither should you. Period. Full stop.

We have heard all what they are going to say, and we are sick and tired of
hearing them over and over again, ad nauseam. Especially the line that the
subsidy does not go to the targeted people, that some big shots intercept the
subsidy for their personal use, that, that, and more of that.

Now, who are those big men (and women) who siphon this subsidy? They are not me,
and they are not my Editor, and they are (mostly) not my reader, and they are
not the kosai/akara seller around the corner, and they are not the taxi driver,
and they are not the teacher in the local primary school. No, they are none of
these. So who are these big men and women?

Those big men (and women) are those in the Presidential Villa; those big men
(and women) are those in the National Assembly; those big men (and women) are
those in the corrupt and corrupted Nigerian Judiciary; those big men (and women)
are those in the palaces of Emirs, Obas, Obis and Chiefs; those big men (and
women) are those who call the shots in the Federal Ministry of ABC and the
Federal Ministry of XYZ. Aye, those big men (and women) are those who contract
and are contracted and front and are fronted by and for those big men and
(women) in those places earlier enumerated.

So, remove the 'subsidy' from the Presidential Villa and its big men and women,
and you will have saved twenty five percent of what you will have saved by
removing similar percentage on the so-called fuel subsidy.

Remove the 'subsidy' from the National Assembly and its big men and women, and
you will have saved another twenty five percent of what you will have saved by
removing similar percentage on the so-called fuel subsidy.

Remove the 'subsidy' from the Judiciary and its big men and women, and you will
have saved another twenty five percent of what you will have saved by removing
similar percentage on the so-called fuel subsidy.

Remove the 'subsidy' from the 'cutting corner' Ministries, Departments and
Agencies, and block all rat holes in the system, and you will have saved the
remaining twenty five percent of what you will have saved by removing similar
percentage on the so-called fuel subsidy. One hundred percent saved! And don't
let anyone tell you the issues are not related. Because they are!

And then they will compare us with other countries. I warn them: if they know
their propaganda well, don't let them start that hara-kiri of a thing for, in
the countries that they are going compare us with, most have security of life
and property. In Nigeria most people provide their own security of life and
property. Small as I am (though not in size but in stature) I employ a maigadi
to man my gate manfully. I sleep with one eye open (though the wife may argue
otherwise, even accusing me of snoring, which I vehemently deny), and generally
am alert to happenings around me and mine. Therefore, let them take care of my
security FIRST before they remove their subsidy. And don't let anyone tell you
the issues are not related. Because they are!

In the countries that they will compare us with, most have energy security. Was
it not only the other day we 'celebrated' attaining 4,005 megawatts of
electricity? Had the celebration not been dampened by the fact that the
countries they may want to compare us with have hundred-fold multiples of
megawatts? Does not Brazil have 108,000? Or does not Iran have 60,000? Or does
not our running-mate (always running ahead of us) South Africa not have 40,000?
Let them FIRST give me 20,000 megawatts ONLY before they remove their subsidy.
And don't let anyone tell you the issues are not related. Because they are!

In the countries that they will compare us with, most have social security.
People who are unemployed, women who are widowed, children who are orphaned,
people who are disabled, people who are retired, all get a little stipend to
live on in those countries. Not only do they get a weekly or monthly survival
allowance, they are also subsidised in public transportation, electricity and
other utilities. Let them FIRST subsidise the elderly, the infirm, the
unemployed, the widowed and the retired (who now die on N2,000-a-month queue)
before they remove their subsidy. And don't let anyone tell you the issues are
not related. Because they are!

In the countries that they will compare us with, most have already reliable
infrastructure. The Abuja to Lokoja road, the Kano to Maiduguri road, the Lagos
to Ibadan road and all other roads in this country continue to kill us every
day. (As I wrote this piece, a senior brother called to tell me that he was in
Azare, Bauchi State, to attend the funeral of another brother's wife who had
died the previous day in a road accident). Let them FIRST fix our roads at least
before they remove their subsidy. And don't let anyone tell you the issues are
not related. Because they are!

Now, therefore, give us FIRST the economic kingdom and then the political
kingdom shall follow (to upturn the popular saying). In other sentences, FIRST
give us security of life and property before removal of subsidy; FIRST give us
energy security before removal of subsidy; FIRST give us social security before
removal of subsidy; FIRST give us reliable infrastructure before removal of
subsidy; and then SECOND, remove your subsidy. Na-Annabi ya ce Amin (those who
believe in Prophets Muhammad and Jesus, all say Amen!). Amen!

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                    February 12, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security: Anhui Introduced Policies to
Further Enhance the Function of the Unemployment Insurance System to Promote
Employment

LENGTH: 463  words


Beijing, Feb. 12 -- To implement the "CPC Central Committee on deepening reform
of the overall number of major issues" relating to "strengthen the unemployment
insurance system in the prevention of unemployment and promote employment
function" spirit, by Anhui provincial government agreed, Anhui Province, in
conjunction with the Office of Human Resources and Social Anhui Provincial
Department of Finance formulated "On vocational training employment subsidy use
and management of the supplementary notice", started in 2014.



"Supplemental Notice" mainly in the following areas:

First, expand the two subsidies applicable objects. Ensure unemployed
unemployment insurance benefits paid in full, based on the two objects subsidy
funds paid by the mere expansion of unemployment insurance benefits to workers
receiving unemployment insurance benefits for workers can receive co-ordination
"Employment and Unemployment registration certificate", the town registered
unemployed persons, rural migrant workers employment, graduation year college
graduates to continue their studies in urban and rural areas are not forthcoming
at the beginning of high school graduates five unemployed.

The second is to improve the standard two funds to pay subsidies. Standard two
subsidy funds paid to perform in accordance with the "use of special employment
funds Anhui Interim Measures" provides. Related to the division of vocational
training which kinds of subsidies subsidy standards in accordance with the
Provincial Human Resources and Social Department of Finance to develop the
standards. Employment subsidies of up to 250 yuan / person, subsidy standards
have improved greatly over the current policy.

The third is to improve efficiency in the use of subsidies two. After the
"Supplemental Notice" was implemented, the unemployment insurance fund two
grants funding to implement and co-ordinate arrangements for special employment
funds, sub-project expenditures. Vocational training and employment subsidies
expenditures first by co-ordinating "the two subsidy funds" budget arrangements,
but within a budget year, the unemployment insurance fund for vocational
training, subsidized employment funds, in principle, than the actual levy year
in co-ordinating the unemployment insurance 12% of the total fee. Co-ordinating
"two subsidy funds" inadequate budgetary arrangements by the employment of
special funding arrangements.

Fourth specification two subsidy funds management. "Supplemental Notice"
stressed the two subsidies should be conducted in accordance with the
Unemployment Insurance Fund's financial accounting system management, genuinely
incurred shall form a special fund to extract or transfer into other special
funds to subsidize the use of funds to ensure both safety norms.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

Subsidies in fact

BYLINE: Ajay Vir Jakhar

LENGTH: 804  words


There is much work to be done before farm subsidies can be lowered

Contrary to the popular belief that farmers are a pampered lot in India, they
comprise about 50 per cent of the workforce and yet account for less than 14 per
cent of GDP. The gains from 20 years of liberalisation have eluded them and the
old inequalities remain. Successive governments have introduced policies that
treat only the effects of such deep-rooted problems, not the problems
themselves.

Farm subsidies polarise opinion: those that influence policy want to do away
with them altogether, while millions of farmers find them grossly inadequate.
Nowhere in the world is farming economically viable without subsidies, and India
is no exception. Farm subsidies come in various forms. In 2009, the EU gave $988
per hectare as farm subsidy and the US gave $190, compared to a mere $149 in
India. Per capita subisidies worked out to be $239 in the EU and $102 in the US.
In India, they were a meagre $21.

Policymakers speak of fertilisers being overused in India. Yet, apart from
Punjab, Haryana and a few scattered regions of the country, fertiliser use is
much lower than the recommended optimum level. Compare India's fertiliser use
with that of other countries. In 2010, China used 400 kilogrammes per hectare of
NPK to produce 5,399 kg per hectare of foodgrain. In the same year, Indian used
only 166 kg per hectare of NPK to produce 2,237 kg per hectare of foodgrain.
Bangladesh, meanwhile, used 224 kg per hectare and Pakistan used 185 kg.

India is faced with the herculean task of doubling food production, even with
the land-to-man ratio falling from 0.34 in 1951 to 0.15 in 2009. To double
production and achieve the targeted 4 per cent agriculture growth rate,
fertiliser consumption needs to be increased by 3 per cent every year. A
reduction in farm subsidies will lead to a fall in consumption and complete
removal will cause an 18 per cent drop in farm production.

The primary objective of the pricing policy for fertilisers is to reduce the
subsidy, rather than to promote the balanced use of fertilisers. In 2010, the
subsidy for nutrient-based fertilisers was introduced, even as the price of
potash rose by nearly four times and phosphate by about two-and-a-half times.
The price of urea remained stagnant. The resulting nutrient imbalance is
destroying soils, causing pest infestations and lowering yields, among other
problems. The imbalance in fertiliser use cannot be addressed by reducing the
use of some nutrients. It needs to be restored by increasing certain nutrients,
which are not being used in their prescribed quantities. This must also be
supported by better outreach to farmers and by giving them access to better
technology.

Farm subsidies definitely need to be reworked. But we cannot do away with
subsidies, or make fertilisers more expensive, just because there is no
unanimity on how to go about it. An increase in fertiliser prices must be offset
by an increase in foodgrain prices for farmers. Most are small and marginal
farmers. Subsidy distribution could be rendered more equitable by making it
inversely proportional to the size of the holding. Curious solutions have been
suggested instead. It has been suggested, for instead, that small farmers buy
inputs that they can ill afford and be compensated during or after procurement.
This will sink farmers further into the quagmire of debt and poverty.

The sharp depreciation of the rupee has compounded the problem of subsidies. For
seven months now, no subsidy has been released to the fertiliser industry, which
is likely to face a shortfall of Rs 30,000 crore because of inadequate budget
provisions this year. Hostile policies have also meant that no major fertiliser
plants have come up in the last 13 years. In 2011, we imported 27 per cent of
our urea requirements. The average subsidy release for imported urea was Rs
21,939 per metric tonne, while on indigenous urea, it was only Rs 6,663 per
metric tonne. Needless to say, imported fertilisers prove to be more lucrative
for those middlemen who give and receive kickbacks.

Subsidies are essential for the survival of farmers. Farming, India's largest
private sector activity, is unprofitable for most. First change that reality,
fulfil past promises, create alternative jobs and help develop skills. Only then
can farm subsidies be lowered. Farm subsidies are not charity or wasted
expenditure, as many would want us to believe. They help increase productivity,
generate employment on the farms, ensure low food prices and stanch the flow of
rural population into towns and cities. It is worrying that the current
misconceptions do not rise from ignorance among policymakers. Most of them
recognise the ground realities but choose not to act.

The writer is chairman, Bharat Krishak Samaj

express@expressindia.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             May 4, 2016 Wednesday

Govt likely to retain power subsidy at Rs 118b in next fiscal year

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 KARACHI: The government is likely to retain the power sector subsidy for the
next fiscal year at the current fiscal level of Rs 118 billion, out of which Rs
98 billion will be earmarked for the consumers of the state-owned distribution
companies while Rs 20 billion will be kept for K-Electric consumers.





 An official source told media that the planned targeted subsidies will be
shared with the IMF team during the ongoing talks in Dubai. The power sector
subsidy will be retained at the current year level as the government avoided
lowering the target as it could be difficult to achieve in case of sudden
increase in oil prices, he added.



 During the first nine months of the current fiscal year, the government has
remained within in the allocated subsidy limit. This has been made possible due
to disapproval of passing on the benefit of reduction in fuel price adjustment
to the consumers using less than 300 units per month. The government is likely
to maintain the same practice next fiscal year, the source said.



 In the budget estimates of FY 2014-15 subsidies were Rs 203.2 billion. In
revised estimates of FY 2014-15 they increased to Rs 243.2 billion due to
increase in subsidy for tariff differential. In budget for FY 2015-16, the
allocation for subsidies to PEPCO forms the major component, which is 71.2
percent of the total allocation followed by subsidy to KESC with share of 14.5
percent. A total estimate of subsidies for budget 2015-16 is 0.5 percent of GDP.
"We will maintain it at the same level next year," the source said.



 The government has kept Rs 60 billion in inter-DISCO tariff differential
subsidy. This subsidy arises as the government maintains a uniform electricity
tariff for the country. The power sector regulator NEPRA determines differential
tariff for the DISCOs. The tariff differential subsidy is likely to remain in
the same range even though the government is yet to notify the power tariff for
the current financial year.



 The source said the subsidy amount will further decline if NEPRA agrees with
the government proposal of enhancing the limit of the line losses of DISCOs. The
government is seeking an enhancement limit ranging between three to five percent
to bring these companies out of red. This will also allow profitable disposing
off of the state owned entities.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     Coffs Coast Advocate (New South Wales)

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Restart wage subsidy for mature workers

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 297  words


THE Restart program is a Federal Government wage subsidy that encourages
businesses to employ mature workers.

Your business can benefit from their lifetime of experience.

Restart can help you to expand your business and employ workers who are aged 50
or older.

What is the Restart wage subsidy?

The Restart wage subsidy is a payment of up to $10,000 (GST inclusive).

You can receive the Restart wage subsidy over 12 months if you employ an
eligible mature age job seeker.

The full rate of the Restart wage subsidy is payable if the employment is for at
least 30 hours per week.

You'll receive a pro-rata wage subsidy if you employ eligible mature age workers
for 15-29 hours per week.

What types of jobs can I offer?

You will get the Restart wage subsidy if the position you offer an eligible
mature age person:

is for a minimum of 15 hours per week

is ongoing, and

complies with minimum employment standards applicable to the position.

Apprenticeships and traineeships can also be eligible for Restart. Some jobs are
not eligible for the Restart wage subsidy, including:

commission-based, subcontracting or self-employment

work that displaces an existing employee.

Am I an eligible employer?

To be eligible to receive the Restart wage subsidy, your business must:

be a legal entity with an Australian Business Number

have not previously received a Restart wage subsidy for the job seeker

not be an Australian, state government agency.

Who can attract the wage subsidy?

To receive the Restart wage subsidy, the mature age job seeker you employ must
be:

50 years of age or older, and

on income support for six months or more.

The person you employ cannot be an immediate family member.

As a jobactive provider, ETC can assist you with this process. To apply for the
Restart program go to etcltd.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCA


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

Iran's private sector urges deferring of targeted subsidies' implementation

LENGTH: 833 words


Text of report headlined "Private sector requests review of the targeted
subsidies implementation plan" published by Iranian newspaper Jomhuri-ye Eslami
website on 27 September

In separate remarks, several members of the Tehran Chamber of Commerce and
Industries and Mines have demanded that the implementation of the targeted
subsidies plan in certain sectors be postponed. Pedram Soltani, a member of the
Tehran Chamber of Commerce, said: "Under the present circumstances, the
country's decision makers and executives must pay more attention to the fact
that imports are quickly replacing production in the country. Consequently, the
implementation of the targeted subsidies plan in the industrial and commercial
transport sectors must be postponed so the country's economy could not suffer
further damages."

In an interview with ILNA [Iranian Labour News Agency], concerning the private
sector's views towards the implementation of the targeted subsidies plan, he
said: "In order to organize any plan, one must first have sufficient information
regarding its process." He added: "When we do not know in which stage a plan
such as the targeted subsidies plan will be implemented, and what effects will
it have on increase in prices of energy carriers, we cannot have proper planning
on mechanism to deal with it."

The member of the Iran Chamber of Commerce added that, as far as the
implementation of the targeted subsidies is concerned, the private sector
resembles a traveller who is not aware of his destination. He stated: "In order
to plan any action, one must have sufficient relevant information and the
targeted subsidies plan is not an exception to this rule." He pointed out:
"However, the role played by the government and the executive organizations in
the implementation of the targeted subsidies plan is much more important than
the role played by the private sector. This is because the government's
performance in this respect is different to that of the private sector, because
the government decides on policies and plays a role in its implementation."

Soltani stated that the private sector can undertake the necessary planning to
deal with the negative effects of the targeted subsidies plan once it has become
acquainted with its details and how it works. He added: "A plan such as the
targeted subsidies plan has been implemented in other countries. By using the
experiences of those countries that have achieved better results after the
implementation of this plan as our role models, we must not allow more problems
to be imposed on the country's economy." He further explained: "Providing timely
and appropriate information alongside the course of planning can keep the
private sector immune from the negative effects of this plan and those groups in
society that will be affected by the elimination of subsidies will experience
lesser pressure."

Industrial, manufacturing units must be made exempted

Hamid Hoseyni, a member of the Tehran Chamber of Commerce, also said: "In view
of the inflationary recession that exists in the country and the comprehensive
sanctions that have been put into effect against Iran, the private sector does
not consider the implementation of the targeted subsidies plan to be expedient.
Therefore, it is requesting the government to postpone its implementation."

Referring to the effects of the implementation of the targeted subsidies plan on
the private sector's activities, Hoseyni said: "In order for the private sector
to be able to make plan to deal with the negative effects of the targeted
subsidies plan, details concerning its implementation must be justified to the
private sector." He added: "The country's private sector must be reassured that
the government's decision to implement the targeted subsidies plan includes all
sectors and it will be implemented fully." The member of the Tehran Chamber of
Commerce explained: "The country's private sector is worried that, in the event
of public reaction to the implementation of the targeted subsidies plan, the
plan will only be implemented for commercial establishments and, as a result of
reaction from families, its implementation in other sectors should be
disregarded."

According to Hoseyni, remarks by the country's economic working group
spokesperson that the government has 100 scenarios regarding the implementation
of the targeted subsidies plan, has caused concern for the private sector. This
is because those active in the country's economy have no knowledge of the
details of these scenarios and do not know what effects government decisions
will have on their activities. He pointed out: "We have to know what effects the
implementation of every plan will have on the private sector's activities.
However, lack of clarity regarding the means by which the targeted subsidies
plan will be implemented has resulted in a lack of clarity in government plans,
in addition to creating confusion and concern."

Source: Jomhuri-ye Eslami website, Tehran, in Persian 27 Sep 10

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 17, 2016 Tuesday 9:33 PM GMT

Fossil fuel subsidies: majority of voters in mining states opposed tax breaks;
Poll finds only 11.9% of voters in Western Australia and 13.2% in Queensland do
not support ending fossil fuel subsidies

BYLINE: Michael Slezak

SECTION: AUSTRALIA NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


Even in the mining states of Queensland and Western Australia, most voters
support phasing out subsidies for fossil fuel industries, two new polls show.

Fossil fuel companies receive about $7.7bn a year in subsidies and tax breaks -
most of which is a fuel tax credit, which the industry denies is a subsidy.

In Western Australia, 78.1% of respondents supported either ending the subsidies
now or phasing them out over time. Among undecided voters, the number was even
higher, with 80.3% saying they supported either ending the subsidies or phasing
them out.

In Queensland the figures were similar, with 76.6% supporting the immediate or
gradual ending of fossil fuel subsidies and 75.9% of undecided voters agreeing.

Only 11.9% of voters in Western Australia and 13.2% in Queensland said they did
not support ending fossil fuel subsidies.

Related:  Insurance companies feel activists' heat for underwriting fossil fuels

The polling was conducted on 1 May 2016 by ReachTEL. It surveyed 1,203 people in
Western Australia and 1,241 Queenslanders. It was commissioned by WWF-Australia,
GetUp and the Australian Conservation Foundation. The margin of error was 3%.

A WWF-Australia spokeswoman, Kellie Caught, said getting rid of the subsidies
was "not only good for the planet, it's also a no-brainer in terms of budget
repair".

"Fossil fuel subsidies cause harm, stifle innovation and divest billions of
dollars that would be better invested in renewable energy, job creation and the
environment," she said.

Caught said the poll showed that the arguments made by the mining industry no
longer persuaded the public.

"The poll finds arguments made in support of continuing fossil fuel subsidies,
in particular by the mining industry, no longer stack up. Everyone should do
their fair share for the future of the planet and the next generation."

The chief executive of the Australian Conservation Foundation, Kelly O'Shanassy
took aim at the $5.5bn of the subsidies in fuel tax credits.

"While most Australians pay almost 40 cents in tax for each litre of fuel they
buy, big mining companies pay no tax at all on the fuel they use," she said.
"This senseless subsidy is damaging the environment and holding back innovation
- it should be consigned to the rubbish bin of history.

"The fuel tax credits scheme is a dinosaur subsidy from last century that allows
multinational mining companies to effectively get their diesel for free and
discourages them from making their operations more efficient."

The Minerals Council maintains the fuel tax credit is a legitimate tax
deduction, avoiding them paying tax twice on fuel.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     February 9, 1987, Monday, ALL EDITION

U.S. subsidies a free trade factor

BYLINE: Hyman Solomon

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 9, INSIDE OTTAWA

LENGTH: 824 words


  ''When you cut through the mythology and take a cold, hard look at the facts,
it seems clear to us that the U.S. is a major user of subsidies.'' - Allan
Gotlieb, Canadian ambassador to U.S., Feb. 4, 1987.

MAYBE ALL those U.S. legislators yelling ''foreign subsidy,'' and pushing the
protectionist cause on behalf of their industrial constituents, really believe
America is a subsidy-free, fair trader.

More likely, most know better, but don't view U.S. benefits and assistance with
the same jaundiced eye. The US$25-billion-a-year that is propping up U.S.
agriculture is only defensive or retaliatory. The huge defence subsidies bolster
sacred ''national security.''

Whatever the domestic fancy, the existence of many different kinds of U.S.
subsidies is a critical factor in the Canada-U.S. freer-trade discussions.

From Canada's standpoint, unless there is a deal on subsidies, there will be no
deal. Trade Minister Pat Carney and trade negotiator Simon Reisman have both
made that clear. And despite the blundering ways and what the Prime Minister
called the ''stunning ignorance'' of U.S. Special Trade Ambassador Clayton
Yeutter, U.S. negotiators understand it.

That does not mean blanket exemption from U.S. trade remedy laws - the growing
array of subsidy, countervail, anti-dumping laws and regulatory procedures
which, collectively, have become America's front line of protectionism. The U.S.
Congress would not grant such exemption.

But, as John McDermid, Carney's parliamentary secretary, told a Washington
conference last week, it does mean ''a new regime on trade remedy laws,''
including ''meaningful commitments and disciplines on subsidy practices and
strong, quick and binding dispute-settlement procedures.''

The regime can be structured in one of several ways, but its goal, I was told,
must be to free the border for safe passage of Canadian goods and services.
Without such freedom, new North American investment decisions will continue to
be influenced by border uncertainty, and veer toward the U.S. to avoid the
problem.


What is envisaged is a kind of color-coded, bilateral subsidies agreement, not
dissimilar to one proposed by the U.S. during the last major, multilateral trade
negotiation. Under it, both sides would agree on those subsidies or their
equivalents that distort trade, and which, if imposed, could be properly
attacked. A second list would include subsidies that both sides agree do not
distort trade, and clearly have an unchallenged right to exist.

Subsidies which fall in the inevitable grey area would be subject to some form
of dispute settlement, including, in the final instance, binding arbitration and
resolution within a stipulated time period.

Canada would have to give up many existing subsidies, including a lot of
regional ones. But it would probably insist on retaining some protection for
sensitive cultural industries, continued assistance for the country's most
depressed regions and, like the U.S., some grandfathering.

Although trade-remedy law would still apply, the rules would be clear, advance
agreement would eliminate most areas, and disputes would not threaten
obstruction or harrassment at the border.

The bilateral preference implicit in such an agreement could be retained, or
used for negotiating purposes in the new GATT multilateral trade negotiation.

The U.S., of course, will demand a heavy price for such preferential Canadian
access, including more open entry and equal treatment for U.S. investment, work
on a new services code, including financial services and intellectual property,
and major, phased reduction of Canadian tariffs.

CONSIDER CONCESSIONS

Canada would consider concessions in all these areas, but only in return for an
acceptable deal on trade-remedy laws. ''Otherwise it doesn't add up for us,''
said a source close to the talks.

Ronald Reagan's fresh and welcome endorsement of a bilateral free-trade
arrangement notwithstanding, is the U.S. administration interested enough to
spend the political capital on the Canadian cause?

Possibly. But its only real chance to succeed is if James Baker, U.S. Treasury
Secretary and current administration strong man, leads the charge.

Not an unstinting fan of Brian Mulroney, Baker nevertheless chaired a high-level
White House Economic Policy Committee session on Canada shortly after he and
George Bush returned from last month's Ottawa visit. He also ordered monthly
committee reviews of the bilateral trade relationship.

Baker would clearly like to see a bilateral breakthrough on investment and
financial services, two key sectors under Treasury control. And a friendly
Mulroney government on the U.S. northern flank is still preferable to any other.

The White House, however, must believe Mulroney can deliver his side of the
trade deal and survive politically. At the moment, it's an open question on both
counts.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1987 Financial Post Ltd.


                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Quarterly Update to Annual Listing of Foreign Government Subsidies
on Articles of Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty

LENGTH: 711  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Register has published the following document:

[Federal Register Volume 80, Number 27 (Tuesday, February 10, 2015)]
[Notices]
[Pages 7415-7416]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2015-02723]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE

International Trade Administration


Quarterly Update to Annual Listing of Foreign Government
Subsidies on Articles of Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty

AGENCY: Enforcement and Compliance, International Trade Administration
Department of Commerce.

DATES: Effective Date: February 10, 2015.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Stephanie Moore, AD/CVD Operations,
Office III, Enforcement and Compliance, International Trade
Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, 14th Street and
Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230, telephone: (202) 482-3692.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Section 702 of the Trade Agreements Act of
1979 (as amended) (the Act) requires the Department of Commerce (the
Department) to determine, in consultation with the Secretary of
Agriculture, whether any foreign government is providing a subsidy with
respect to any article of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of duty,
as defined in section 702(h) of the Act, and to publish quarterly
updates to the type and amount of those subsidies. We hereby provide
the Department's quarterly update of subsidies on articles of cheese
that were imported during the periods July 1, 2014 through September
30, 2014.
 The Department has developed, in consultation with the Secretary of
Agriculture, information on subsidies, as defined in section 702(h) of
the Act, being provided either directly or indirectly by foreign
governments on articles of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of duty.
The appendix to this notice lists the country, the subsidy program or
programs, and the gross and net amounts of each subsidy for which
information is currently available. The Department will incorporate
additional programs which are found to constitute subsidies, and
additional information on the subsidy programs listed, as the
information is developed.
 The Department encourages any person having information on foreign
government subsidy programs which benefit articles of cheese subject to
an in-quota rate of duty to submit such information in writing to the
Assistant Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance, U.S. Department of
Commerce, 14th Street and Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230.
 This determination and notice are in accordance with section 702(a)
of the Act.

Dated: February 3, 2015.
Paul Piquado,
Assistant Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance.

Appendix

[[Page 7416]]

Subsidy Programs on Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
 Gross \1\ Net \2\
 Country Program(s) subsidy ($/lb) subsidy ($/lb)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
28 European Union Member States \3\........... European Union Restitution $0.00
$0.00
 Payments.
Canada........................................ Export Assistance on Certain 0.38
0.38
 Types of Cheese.
Norway........................................ Indirect (Milk) Subsidy.........
0.00 0.00
 Consumer Subsidy................ 0.00 0.00
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
 Total........................... 0.00 0.00
Switzerland................................... Deficiency Payments.............
0.00 0.00
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
\1\ Defined in 19 U.S.C. 1677(5).
\2\ Defined in 19 U.S.C. 1677(6).
\3\ The 28 member states of the European Union are: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic,
 Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,
Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg,
 Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain,
Sweden, and the United Kingdom.

[FR Doc. 2015-02723 Filed 2-9-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-DS-P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday

COBRA coverage about to end for Pa. families

BYLINE: By MARCUS RAUHUT Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 473 words


Federal COBRA subsidies for many unemployed workers have started to expire.

The subsidies were approved as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act in February and covered 65 percent of monthly health benefit premiums for
workers who lost their jobs between Sept. 1, 2008, and Dec. 31, 2009.

The first wave began losing the nine-month subsidy earlier this month, and those
who are laid off after Dec. 31 will not be able to receive the subsidy unless it
is extended.

A few bills introduced in the House and Senate would extend the subsidies, but
Jeff Urbanchuck, spokesman for Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Hollidaysburg, said any
extension would likely be included as part of a jobs bill Congress is working on
drafting.

Local unemployment remains at a 25-year high as nearly 9 percent of Franklin
County residents are out of work. National unemployment hovers around 10
percent.

Non-profit health care advocacy group Families USA said the subsidies have
enabled millions of laid-off workers and dependents to afford COBRA coverage.

According to a new report from Families USA, the average monthly COBRA premium
in Pennsylvania is $390 after the subsidy. Without the subsidy, the average
monthly premium statewide would be $1,115.

Families USA said the average monthly unemployment benefit in Pennsylvania is
$1,531, so if an unemployed worker chose to continue COBRA coverage without the
subsidy, about three fourths of the unemployment check would go toward the
premium.

COBRA allows employees to temporarily continue health care coverage after the
coverage ends because of certain circumstances including layoffs. The U.S.
Department of Labor said group health coverage for COBRA participants is usually
more expensive than health coverage for active employees but is still generally
cheaper than individual health coverage.

Under the stimulus package, the federal subsidies pay 65 percent of the cost of
COBRA premiums. Nationwide, the federal subsidies for COBRA family coverage
average $722 per month.

Families USA said in nine states, the average family COBRA premium exceeds the
average unemployment benefit.

For the first recipients, who began receiving subsidies in March, those
subsidies expired on Nov. 30. Those will be among the hardest hit because many
have still not found jobs, according to Families USA.

For those who began receiving subsidies after March, the expiration will be nine
months after the start-up date.

"When workers lose their jobs, they often lose their health coverage as well,"
said Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA. "For millions of laid-off
workers and their families, the federal COBRA subsidies have been a
health-coverage lifeline. It is essential, therefore, that new jobs legislation
extends those subsidies."

------------

Marcus Rauhut can be reached at mrauhut@publicopinionnews.com or 262-4752.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           September 6, 2011 Tuesday

Cash subsidy mulled as mechanism to limit support to 'deserving segments'

LENGTH: 793  words


By Omar Obeidat AMMAN -- Direct cash subsidy on basic commodities could be a
feasible option to reduce burdens on the budget and address the issue of
subsidies not reaching deserving groups only, Finance Minister Mohammad Abu
Hammour said Monday. He told The Jordan Times over the phone that the government
is willing to implement any suggestion by the Economic Dialogue Committee as
long as it achieves the goal of reducing pressure on the fragile budget and
preserves the dignity of beneficiaries. The panel of about 40 experts and
private sector representatives, which was formed by Prime Minister Marouf Bakhit
early May to draft short- and medium-term plans on ways to boost the economy, is
scheduled to convene today and is expected to come up with recommendations on
alternatives for delivering government subsidies to citizens who deserve it
only. According to the minister, subsidies of basic goods and services are set
to exceed JD1.5 billion this year, a figure he described as "alarming". Cash
dividends could be a good alternative, he remarked, stating that authorities can
ensure delivering subsidies to those who deserve them among employees of public
agencies and pensioners in addition to beneficiaries of the National Aid Fund.

Last month, Abu Hammour urged members of the dialogue panel to suggest a
mechanism to deliver government subsidies to the right beneficiaries.
Eliminating government subsidies on certain commodities and directing support to
low- and medium-income people can save the treasury hundreds of millions, which
officials said, could be used in financing development schemes across the
country. Jumana Ghneimat, an economic analyst at Al Ghad daily newspaper,
indicated that governments have always failed to implement a proper mechanism to
direct subsidies to vulnerable groups in society, noting that in 2008 the
government could not continue with a cash support mechanism because it
overlooked a very important issue: Preserving the dignity of Jordanians. In
2008, the government did not include an oil derivatives subsidy in the state
budget after liberalising the prices of oil derivatives and instead it disbursed
compensation cheques for the rise in fuel prices at post offices to impoverished
and low-income segments. The plan did not survive. "At that time the problem was
with the implementation mechanism because it did take into consideration the
dignity of beneficiaries," she said. However, the analyst stressed that cash
subsidy on basic commodities and services, such as bread, electricity, fuel and
cooking gas, is currently the best solution if the government can implement it
in a just and transparent manner by including both public and private sector
employees. Ghneimat, a former member of the dialogue panel who resigned after
the government was reportedly planning to increase oil derivatives prices,
suggested that authorities can use post offices across the Kingdom to deliver
cash support for workers in the private sector and self-employed Jordanians.
Asked about the average value of the cash dividends and the average income of
households which should be eligible to benefit from such support, Ghneimat noted
that the support should be no less than JD100 per month for a household, adding
that the income of households eligible to benefit from direct government support
should be around JD800 per month and less. Economist Khalid Wazani agreed that
cash subsidy is important in addressing the issue of delivering support only to
Jordanians who deserve it. He explained that directing the subsidy to government
employees can be easy to implement but challenges remain in distributing cash
support to private sector workers and those who are not included in the social
safety network such as the self-employed. It will be hard to convince the
private sector to raise the salaries of their employees in light of the current
economic slowdown, Wazani, a former director general of the Social Security
Corporation, said, suggesting authorities set up a database of the banking
accounts of these segments of society to distribute cash support. He noted that
the income of households to be eligible for benefiting from the direct subsidy
should be around JD2,000 per year, which is JD166 a month. "There are flaws in
the current subsidy system as the rich and non-Jordanian residents benefit from
the subsidies more than those who really need it," Wazani said. In India, the
government will start implementing, as of October this year, a mechanism to
enable beneficiaries of kerosene, liquefied gas and fertiliser subsidies to
receive direct cash transfers through banks, ATMs or even mobile banking in a
bid to plug leakages in the subsidy system curently implemented, according to
agency reports.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2011 The Jordan Times.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                              July 6, 2008 Sunday

Tax collection windfall eyed for oil and electricity subsidy

BYLINE: By Sammy Martin, Reporter

LENGTH: 563 words


For the second time around, windfall collections from the Expanded Value Added
Tax (E-VAT) have been sought to subsidize fuel, particularly diesel, by the
House of Representatives over the weekend.

House Speaker Prospero Nograles reiterated his call to the national government
to reconsider his plea after local oil companies' announcement that they are
poised to add P2-per-liter pump price on diesel fuel and another P1 on gasoline
in the coming weeks that can possibly cripple the country's diesel-dependent
public transport sector.

The Department of Finance, based on a report by the Congressional Planning and
Budget Department of the House of Representatives, estimated that the E-VAT
collection windfall on petroleum for the period of January to April 2008 is
worth P4 billion.

"If the government cannot prevent these unabated increases in fuel prices, it
should at least find available ways and means to shield the public transport
sector and the riding public from this global curse," Nograles said.

The Mindanao lawmaker has proposed a "ladderized system" of subsidy for fuel and
electricity using the government's unappropriated tax collections from E-VAT to
ease the burden not only of the poorest of the poor but of the country's middle
class as well.

Nograles suggested that the government should allocate P2 billion to subsidize
diesel and liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) consumption for four months.

There are two possible scenarios for the implementation of the ladderized
scheme.

Under scenario one, public utility vehicles will get an across-the-board diesel
subsidy of 40 centavos per liter, while LPG subsidy will be pegged at 75
centavos per kilogram. Based on available estimates, the nationwide diesel
consumption is at 8.2 billion liters, while LPG usage reaches 3.4 billion
kilograms, both for every three months.

For the second option, subsidy of diesel will be at 70 centavos per liter for
the first 30 liters for jeepneys, first 120 liters for buses, and first 30
liters for taxis. The subsidy for LPG is P1 per kilogram.

Nograles added that the P2-billion subsidy for diesel and LPG could be increased
especially in the wake of the P2 per liter increase in diesel prices.

"The subsidy for diesel should be made available the soonest possible time," he
said.

Apart from diesel and LPG, Nograles is also pushing for a P2-billion electricity
subsidy for a period of four months, for some 9.4 million households using
500-kilowatt hour (kWh) of power and below.

For the "ladderized" system of subsidy on electricity, residential users with
401 to 500 kWh in consumption per month, which is estimated at 113,062
households, will get 43 centavos in subsidy per kWh.

Residential users with a consumption of 301 to 400 kWh, which is estimated at
244,068 households, will get 53 centavos in subsidy per kWh, while those with
201 to 300 kWh in consumption, which is about 587,001 households, will get 71
centavos in subsidy per kWh.

Those will 101-kWh to 200-kWh consumption per month which is about 1,488,882
households will get P1.07 subsidy per kWh while those consuming 100 kWh and
below which is estimated at around 6,290,781 households will get P2.14 subsidy
per kWh.

This provides an estimated monthly subsidy of P53.45 for every Filipino
household with less than 500-kWh consumption nationwide or a total of P214 per
household for a period of four months.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2008 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 4, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

REIN IN SUBSIDIES WITH NEXT FARM BILL;
WISCONSIN SHOULD TELL AGRICULTURE SECRETARY MIKE JOHANNS THAT FARMERS WILL
THRIVE ON FREER TRADE, NOT MORE SUBSIDIES.

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 484 words


Earlier this year U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns warned of the
connection between the next U.S. farm bill and the next World Trade Organization
meeting:

The United States will not put its farmers at a competitive disadvantage by
taking away subsidies as long as other wealthy nations continue to subsidize
their farmers. So if the WTO meeting this December fails to produce a trade deal
that cuts subsidies for all wealthy nations, the opportunity for substantial
subsidy reform in the next U.S. farm bill could be lost, he noted.

We urge Johanns to add one more warning: Failure is not an option.

Johanns is scheduled to visit Wisconsin today for the fourth stop in his
nationwide tour to hear what the public has to say about what should be in the
next farm bill, due in 2007. He will conduct a farm bill forum at State Fair
Park in West Allis.

Johanns ought to get an earful about the need to reform farm disaster aid, which
has climbed to 18 percent of all farm subsidies, up from 9 percent in 1995. Some
farmers in the Great Plains, where drought and other weather-related disasters
are common, are not so much planting crops as they are planting a means to
collect disaster payments.

Johanns also ought to receive credit for the Bush administration's support of a
tighter cap on the subsidies an individual farmer can collect. Current limits
are so inadequate that two-thirds of farm payments go to just 10 percent of
recipients.

But the message Johanns should hear most clearly is that freer trade, not more
subsidies, will dictate the success not only of American agriculture but of
agriculture worldwide. The Bush administration should lead the world to success
by refusing to permit the WTO meeting to fail.

Farm subsidies have merit in limited circumstances. But when large subsidies are
employed as a permanent fixture in the economy, they trigger a counterproductive
cycle by encouraging overproduction, which lowers prices to farmers, which leads
to more subsidies -- at taxpayers' expense.

To be sure, Wisconsin and its dairy farmers have gained, in the short term, from
a dairy subsidy installed in the current farm bill, adopted in 2002. The subsidy
, called the Milk Income Lost Contract, or MILC for short, provides a safety net
to farmers by paying them whenever the market price for milk falls below target
levels.

But over the long term the dairy subsidy encourages overproduction, which hurts
farmers.

Many subsidies also distort world markets and harm poorer nations. For example,
the United States and Europe support their sugar producers with import limits
that cut sugar producers in Latin America and the Caribbean out of the market.

December's WTO meeting in Hong Kong looms large as a chance for international
agreement on a timetable to phase out a wide range of subsidies. The Bush
administration should provide the leadership to guarantee that the opportunity
will not be lost.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Mandarin classes for Malay businessmen

                                 April 17, 1996


MALAY businessmen can now learn to speak Mandarin as well as enhance their
mastery of the English language in a classroom setting.

The two courses, which start next month, are part of a business training
programme organised by the Singapore Malay Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(SMCCI), together with the Economic Development Board (EDB), the Productivity
and Standards Board (PSB) and the BMC Group of Schools.

The last is providing training facilities and instructors. A memorandum of
understanding was signed between SMCCI deputy president Haji Jahari Affandi and
BMC chairman, Mr S.M. Maricar, at the chamber's office last Saturday.

Also lined up are four other courses -business computer applications, import and
export procedures and documentation, skills and strategies for supervisory
management, and inventory management. An SMCCI spokesman said the programme is
aimed at helping Malay entrepreneurs of small and medium enterprises (SMEs), as
well as their staff, to upgrade their skills to cope with the business
challenges of the 21st century.

For each course, SMCCI members will enjoy a government subsidy of up to 70 per
cent under the Business Development Scheme (BDS).

Staff of SMEs will enjoy an 80 per cent subsidy under the Training Voucher
Scheme administered by the Skills Development Fund (SDF).

COURSE DETAILS

Inventory Management Duration: 12 weeks, every Friday, 7.30 9 pm Fee: $ 54 (with
subsidy), $ 180 (without subsidy) Enrolment: May 3 and 24

Business Computer Applications Duration: 10 weeks, every Sunday, 9.30 am noon
Fee: $ 72 (with subsidy), $ 240 (without subsidy) Enrolment: May 5 and 26

Skills And Strategies For Supervisory Management Duration: 12 weeks, every
Monday, 7.30 9 pm Fee: $ 54 (with subsidy), $ 180 (without subsidy) Enrolment:
May 6 and 27

Business English Duration: 15 weeks, every Tuesday, 7.30 10 pm Fee: $ 108 (with
subsidy), $ 360 (without subsidy) Enrolment: May 7 and 28

Business Mandarin Duration: 12 weeks, every Wednesday, 7.30 9 pm Fee: $ 54 (with
subsidy), $ 180 (without subsidy) Enrolment: May 8 and 29

Import And Export Procedures And Documentation Duration: 10 weeks, every
Thursday, 7.30 9 pm Fee: $ 45 (with subsidy), $ 150 (without subsidy) Enrolment:
May 9 and 30

All courses will be held at #05-279, Selegie Complex. For details, call Mr
Hamzah Bani or Miss Rosidah on 221-1066.

SECTION: Life; Community (Malay); Pg. 7

LENGTH: 760 words

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1996 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            December 12, 2016 Monday

Illinois Subsidies Bolster Exelon

BYLINE: Yvette Shields

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34626

LENGTH: 474  words


CHICAGO -- Illinois' passage of a rate hike package to help keep open Exelon
Generation Co. LLC's nuclear plants in the state is a credit positive for the
company, Moody's Investors Service said.

While lawmakers remain deeply divided over a state budget, Gov. Bruce Rauner and
lawmakers reached a bipartisan agreement during the recent veto session on the
legislation that provides a 10-year subsidy for nuclear plants in the state
through a mechanism called zero emission standards.

The subsidy will be paid by customers of the ComEd utility, an Exelon
subsidiary, and is considered "especially critical for the survival of two
Exelon-owned nuclear facilities" in Illinois.

Exelon, a for-profit utility, is rated Baa2 with a stable outlook. It has $480
of municipal debt outstanding.

Moody's said the subsidy also is credit negative for Dynegy Inc., which is rated
B2 with a stable outlook, and NRG Energy Inc., which is rated Ba3 with a stable
outlook, because they own plants that burn coal or natural gas in the same
market but are at a competitive disadvantage without the subsidy.

The subsidy is considered "substantial" at $16.50 for each megawatt hour of
power production, starting June 2017 for 10 years. Even though the subsidy price
may escalate by $1 per megawatt hour per year starting in 2022, the total amount
of subsidy payments is capped at $235 million a year, making the subsidy closer
to $12 per megawatt hour. The subsidy price could also be lower if market prices
rise.

Illinois' nuclear power subsidy is not the first of its kind. In August, New
York was the first state to approve a nuclear plant subsidy called the zero
emission credits. New York's and Illinois' nuclear subsidy programs can serve as
templates for other states such as New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ohio, where
companies that own nuclear generation would benefit, Moody's said.

"However, there are potential obstacles because these subsidies face legal
challenges from competing power companies without nuclear plants," Moody's said.
"Additionally, the legislative and regulatory process in these other states can
be long and difficult, especially when the risk of plant closure is not
imminent."

Rauner signed Senate Bill 2814 - known as the Future Energy Jobs Bill - earlier
this week, saying it ensures that the Clinton and Quad Cities plants will remain
open for at least 10 years, preserves jobs, and promotes wind and solar
expansion and preserves zero-emission generation.

Various studies had shown that allowing several nuclear plants to prematurely
close would cause electric rates to increase by as much as 26% during stress
events while grid reliability and capacity would significantly decrease.
"Closing the plants would also cost Illinois approximately 7,800 jobs and $1.8
billion in economic activity," said House Republican minority leader Jim Durkin.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Illinois Subsidies Bolster Exelon

BYLINE: Yvette Shields

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 474  words


CHICAGO -- Illinois' passage of a rate hike package to help keep open Exelon
Generation Co. LLC's nuclear plants in the state is a credit positive for the
company, Moody's Investors Service said.

While lawmakers remain deeply divided over a state budget, Gov. Bruce Rauner and
lawmakers reached a bipartisan agreement during the recent veto session on the
legislation that provides a 10-year subsidy for nuclear plants in the state
through a mechanism called zero emission standards.

The subsidy will be paid by customers of the ComEd utility, an Exelon
subsidiary, and is considered "especially critical for the survival of two
Exelon-owned nuclear facilities" in Illinois.

Exelon, a for-profit utility, is rated Baa2 with a stable outlook. It has $480
of municipal debt outstanding.

Moody's said the subsidy also is credit negative for Dynegy Inc., which is rated
B2 with a stable outlook, and NRG Energy Inc., which is rated Ba3 with a stable
outlook, because they own plants that burn coal or natural gas in the same
market but are at a competitive disadvantage without the subsidy.

The subsidy is considered "substantial" at $16.50 for each megawatt hour of
power production, starting June 2017 for 10 years. Even though the subsidy price
may escalate by $1 per megawatt hour per year starting in 2022, the total amount
of subsidy payments is capped at $235 million a year, making the subsidy closer
to $12 per megawatt hour. The subsidy price could also be lower if market prices
rise.

Illinois' nuclear power subsidy is not the first of its kind. In August, New
York was the first state to approve a nuclear plant subsidy called the zero
emission credits. New York's and Illinois' nuclear subsidy programs can serve as
templates for other states such as New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Ohio, where
companies that own nuclear generation would benefit, Moody's said.

"However, there are potential obstacles because these subsidies face legal
challenges from competing power companies without nuclear plants," Moody's said.
"Additionally, the legislative and regulatory process in these other states can
be long and difficult, especially when the risk of plant closure is not
imminent."

Rauner signed Senate Bill 2814 - known as the Future Energy Jobs Bill - earlier
this week, saying it ensures that the Clinton and Quad Cities plants will remain
open for at least 10 years, preserves jobs, and promotes wind and solar
expansion and preserves zero-emission generation.

Various studies had shown that allowing several nuclear plants to prematurely
close would cause electric rates to increase by as much as 26% during stress
events while grid reliability and capacity would significantly decrease.
"Closing the plants would also cost Illinois approximately 7,800 jobs and $1.8
billion in economic activity," said House Republican minority leader Jim Durkin.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Edge Malaysia

                                October 8, 2012

My Say: Need for concrete subsidy rationalisation time frame

BYLINE: Anna Taing

LENGTH: 875 words


A question often asked these days, in the aftermath of Budget 2013, is whether
the government can successfully trim its fiscal deficit to the targeted level of
4% of gross domestic product (GDP) in 2013 and further to 3% in 2015, and how it
will be done.

These targets may not appear to be overly ambitious, given that the budget
deficit for 2012 is estimated at 4.5%, and if we look at the trend over the last
10 years, the fiscal gap is indeed narrowing.

However, reducing the fiscal gap will require substantive subsidy cuts and
revenue growth, both of which could be difficult to achieve in the current
environment of global economic uncertainty and slowing growth.

The fact that government revenue is expected to increase from RM185.4 billion in
2011 to RM207.2 billion this year, boosted by higher tax revenue, is good news.
Government revenue for 2013 is expected to come in just a tad higher at RM208.7
billion.

However, any meaningful effort to reduce the fiscal deficit must involve
addressing the expenditure side of the budget equation. And this is where
progress is lacking and not really addressed by the budget.

Note that apart from subsidies, both government operating and development
expenditure also came in higher than forecast in Budget 2012.

So, we only need to look at what happened in the last couple of years to see how
difficult it is for the government to cut subsidies and meet its targets.

When the Economic Transformation Programme (ETP) was launched in 2010, subsidy
rationalisation and reforms were cited as key issues that had to addressed
urgently. The point was not to do away with the subsidies but to ensure that
they reached the targeted group of people they were intended for.

Subsidy rationalisation measures were indeed implemented from the middle of
2010, and these included raising fuel and sugar prices.

But since then, there has been inertia and even backpedalling.

Not surprisingly, the subsidy bill has grown. According to the latest Economic
Report, the subsidy bill for 2012 is expected to balloon to RM42.4 billion,
which is a hefty rise of 27% from the original forecast of RM33 billion. Of
course, we can blame rising crude oil prices for a major portion of the
increase.

In 2013, going by the rhetoric, the ability of the government to cut its subsidy
bill will once again depend on the price of crude oil. Yet, if the price of oil
continues to stay strong and even rise, what happens? Can we afford to keep the
subsidy going?

Generally, with the implementation by the US of a third round of quantitative
easing (QE3), it is possible that the US dollar could come under downward
pressure in the months ahead. The greenback is also vulnerable in the coming
months, more so when the US economy could be thrown into further turmoil when
some terms of the Budget Control Act of 2011 expire by the end of this year.
These include the current temporary tax cuts for individuals and businesses.
According to some estimates, the expiry of the terms could slice at least three
percentage points off US growth, which could plunge the worldâ  s largest
economy into a recession.

A weaker US dollar translates into higher prices for commodities, including
crude oil. For now though, the outlook is for oil price to stay below US$100 a
barrel in 2013.

Given the goals of the government transformation programme and the ETP, it is
important that subsidy reforms are given even more attention in the year ahead.
The worrying thing is, we do not see any clear and concrete message on subsidy
reforms in Budget 2013, although the target is to bring the subsidy bill down to
RM37.6 billion in 2013.

Yet for Malaysia to become a high-income nation by 2020, subsidy reforms are
crucial. This is because a country that is dependent on subsidies cannot be
truly efficient â " productivity cannot be achieved without efficient use of
limited resources. And it cannot be stressed enough that productivity is key to
income growth.

It is time to draw up a concrete time frame for subsidy rationalisation, and
stick to it. It may be a gradual process involving several years, but the
important thing is to keep at it.

What must not be allowed is a vicious circle, where subsidies lead to
inefficient use of resources, which results in low productivity and which
ultimately translates into low income growth. And when income remains low,
subsidy reforms become even more difficult to carry out.

Perhaps, what is more worrying is the increase in direct â  subsidiesâ  â "
another round of RM500 for people earning RM3,000 and less and RM250 for single
individuals. The last round of cash handouts cost the government RM2.6 billion.

For sure, cash handouts are a good safety net during bad times or when they are
needed to offset radical government policies that could impact the peopleâ  s
spending power in the short term.

Indeed, the first handout of RM500 was to help cushion the impact of subsidy
cuts, especially of fuel, on the people as outlined in the ETP. While no one
would say no to a cash handout, this can only be a short-term measure because
the multiplier effect on the economy is negligible.

It is time to bring the focus back to the long-term growth of the economy and
its sustainability.

Anna Taing is deputy editor-in-chief at The Edge

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 The Edge Communications Sdn. Bhd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

Iran to pay cash subsidies

BYLINE: A.Yusifzade, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


Feb. 17--The second stage of cash subsidies in Iran will be paid shortly, Mehr
News Agency reported quoting Iranian Subsidy Policy Reform Chairman Behrouz
Moradi as saying.

According to Moradi every Iranian family member will receive 890,000 rials (some
$86) from Iranian month of Esfand (starting Feb.20, 2011).

Economic reform plans that Iranian government began implementing from Dec.19,
2010 aimed at overhauling the country's economy by shelving energy and food
subsidies.

Before the official announcement of the reform plans, every Iranian family
member received a sum of 810,000 rials ($80) for two months.

Before the cuts, subsidies ensured Iranians some of the cheapest gasoline in the
world, at about 10 cents per litre (38 cents per gallon). Under the reduced
subsidies and the rationing, each person can buy up to 60 litres (15 gallons) a
month of gasoline at the equivalent of $40 cents a litre ($1.50/gallon), and for
any amount above that the price is about 70 cents per litre.

The targeted subsidy plan, aims to gradually remove all subsidies over a
five-year period and instead give families cash handouts as compensation.

The plan eliminates subsidies on gasoline, natural gas, electricity and food.

The Iranian government also said in an announcement that it will also cut
subsidies of diesel, kerosene and water.

Supporters of the plan say it is in line with global financial organizations'
recommendations that Iran can get rid of a heavily subsidized economy if it
wants to solve its economic problems. But, some analysts have criticized the
plan, saying it could trigger a hike in prices and stoke up inflation in the
country.

Under a subsidy reform plan adopted by Parliament in January 2010, Iran plans to
eliminate the subsidies on fuel, energy and certain goods over five years. But
to make up for any financial hardship suffered by the less well-off families,
they will receive direct cash payments to their bank accounts.

Energy subsidies have cost Iran $100 billion a year.

To see more of the Trend News Agency, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://en.trend.az/. Copyright (c) 2011, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110217-1AZ-Iran-to-pay-cash-subsidies-0217-20110217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2011


                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sunday Herald

                                October 7, 2007

MSPs claim GBP1.5m in farm subsidies . . . and don't have to declare it

BYLINE: By Paul Hutcheon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 701 words



HIGHLIGHT: From top: John Home Robertson, John Scott, Jamie McGrigor, George
Lyon and Alex Johnstone


FIVE MSPs benefited from GBP1.5 million of farming subsidies that were given to
their firms while they served at Holyrood, the Sunday Herald can reveal.

The largest handout went to the agricultural partnership of former Labour MSP
John Home Robertson, whose family firm claimed more than GBP750,000 while he was
member for East Lothian.

None of the grants were declared, sparking renewed calls for reform of the
farming subsidy system.

The issue is controversial as farm subsidies, although funded by the European
Union, are administered by the Scottish government, which distributes around
GBP800m of grants every year.

The revelations come after Holyrood finally published its list of which
businesses received farming handouts between 2000 and 2004. The previous
administration had refused to hand over the data, a decision overturned by
Information Commissioner Kevin Dunion.

Figures showed that, of the GBP1.78 billion distributed to farmers over the
fiveyear period, around 100 of the richest farmers shared a GBP115m subsidy.

Top of the MSP subsidy list was Home Robertson's family firm, Home Robertson
Farming Partnership, which received GBP559,504 over five years.

The business, in which the MSP declared himself as a sleeping partner, won a
further GBP225,000 in 2005 and 2006, taking the total subsidy to more than
GBP750,000 while he was at Holyrood.

John Scott, a Conservative MSP elected in 2000, is registered as a partner in W
Scott and Son, a farming business that was given GBP245,000 in five years.

Fellow Tory Jamie McGrigor, who owns Ardchonnel Farms, also benefited from
generous agricultural subsidies.

Scottish government records show the MSP, who has valued his estate at around
GBP500,000, pocketed GBP164,000 between 2000 and 2004.

Liberal Democrat MSP George Lyon, who lost his seat at this year's Holyrood
election, is another to have benefited from the payments system.

The former deputy finance minister was criticised in 2006 after it emerged his
business, A&K Farms, had been given a GBP70,000 grant. The new figures show the
same firm claimed GBP291,000 in the previous five years.

Also claiming EU subsidies is Tory MSP Alex Johnstone's family firm, A Johnstone
and Partners, which was registered as claiming GBP76,000 in the five-year
period.

One critic of the subsidy system, who did not wish to be named, said it was
"obscene" that MSPs' firms were benefiting from grants doled out by Scottish
ministers.

Publication of the figures follows a two-and-a-half-year battle between the
Sunday Herald and the former Scottish Executive, which refused to divulge which
farmers received subsidies.

The information was also absent from the MSPs' register of interests, which does
not require members to state whether their firms receive farming handouts.

Two of the MSPs did not declare the name of the business in which they had a
stake - instead, they declared an involvement in a family firm.

McGrigor said of the subsidy: "I must tell you that it is about half or a third
of the income of the farm. Everything I get paid goes straight into the farm
account. If I didn't have the subsidy, I'd have to stop farming. I wouldn't be
able to employ shepherds." Johnstone explained: "I am a partner in the family
firm. It is paid to the business, not me personally. The terms of the register
of interest mean the subsidies are not required to be declared." Scott said: "It
goes to the company, not me. The whole point of the support system is that
without it there would be no agriculture at all. It's about delivering food for
the country." Home Robertson said of the subsidy:

"I was a sleeping partner in the business and I still am. I always declared it."
And Lyon explained: "Those figures will be roughly right. The position is simple
in that, without subsidy, 95-per cent of UK farmers would go out of business."
Matthew Elliot of the Taxpayers' Alliance said: "It's unsurprising these MSPs
failed to declare their subsidy payments because although what they did isn't
illegal, it does look highly dubious.

"Making money from a system which you are responsible for monitoring is a big
conflict of interest.

"No wonder the public is becoming more and more disillusioned with politics and
politicians."

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNHER


                      Copyright 2007 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

Pump pain hits drivers in Malaysia, India;
Governments reduce gasoline subsidies as crude prices strain national budgets

BYLINE: HIMANGSHU WATTS, Reuters

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; ENERGY; Pg. B15

LENGTH: 993 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


India and Malaysia raised retail fuel prices yesterday, joining a growing number
of Asian nations no longer able to afford big subsidies in the face of
record-breaking oil prices.

The prospect of higher fuel prices for Asian drivers, whose demand has helped
power the oil price rally, pushed U.S. crude prices to their lowest level in
three weeks.

But analysts cautioned that oil demand will not be significantly dented until
China also raises prices.

Oil's fourfold price rise since 2003 has hit consumers around the world, and
forecasts that prices are unlikely to fall under $100 (U.S.) a barrel has forced
governments to act, despite fears of galloping inflation. The rally has forced
Taiwan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Indonesia to review subsidies.

"Due to a relentless increase in international oil prices, it has now become
absolutely necessary for the consumer, who is an important stakeholder, to also
shoulder a small part of increased burden," said Indian oil minister Murli
Deora.

India raised gasoline and diesel prices by about 10 per cent, cut taxes on oil
imports and raised the price of cooking gas by 17 per cent, but prices are still
far below market levels.

Malaysia raised gasoline prices by 41 per cent and said it will start using
global market rates for fuel in August to prevent subsidies from eating up a
third of its budget.

The government would save 4 billion Malaysian ringgit ($1.23-billion U.S.) on
fuel subsidies and twice as much by raising the price of natural gas.

India is already struggling to tame inflation which has soared to 8.1 per cent,
unlike Malaysia, where inflation was 2 per cent last year but is now expected to
double to 4 per cent.

In India, a Reuters poll after the price rises showed economists expect more
costly fuel to lift annual wholesale inflation to a 13-year high of 9.2 per cent
on June 7.

Inflation in China is skirting a 12-year high but the Asian giant, which grew
11.9 per cent last year, has the muscle to withstand the pressure of high crude
oil prices and is unlikely to raise prices at least until after the Olympics in
August.

*****

Shifting the burden

Governments and state oil companies across the globe are bearing much of the
brunt of record high oil prices on behalf of consumers, helping stoke demand in
China and Brazil and weighing heavily on budgets from Indonesia and Mexico. But
many Asia governments, such as India and Malaysia, are finding they're no longer
able to bear the full burden, forcing them to raise prices in order to cut
subsidy costs. All prices below in U.S. dollars:

VIETNAM

RETAIL GASOLINE PRICE: $0.90/litre

RETAIL DIESEL PRICE: $0.86/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: Government

COST OF SUBSIDY: About $500-million in January-May period.

SUBSIDY AS PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL GOVT. BUDGET COSTS: 6 per cent

OUTLOOK: The government said it planned to stop subsidizing distillates from
2008, but since then suspended the plan as it moved to battle double-digit
inflation. Hanoi has said it is considering allowing prices to rise from July to
ease the burden on the government budget.

BRAZIL

GASOLINE PRICE: $1.50/litre

DIESEL PRICE: $1.22/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: State-run oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA (Petrobras)

OUTLOOK: Steep appreciation in the Brazilian real over the past three years had
minimized losses for Petrobras stemming from the oil price rally.

VENEZUELA

RETAIL UNLEADED GASOLINE PRICE: $0.033 per litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: State oil company Petroleos de Venezuela SA (PDVSA)

COST OF SUBSIDY: No official figure. Estimates range from $10-billion a year to
more than $20-billion a year. Government estimates 27,000 barrels per day lost
to smuggling, costing some $1-billion a year.

MEXICO

GASOLINE PRICE: $0.69/litre

DIESEL PRICE: $0.59/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: The government

CHINA

GASOLINE PRICE: $0.67/litre

DIESEL PRICE: $0.70/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: Top refiner Sinopec Corp., and upstream heavyweight
PetroChina.

COST OF SUBSIDY: $1.37-billion payout to Sinopec in 2005; $685-million payout to
Sinopec in 2006; Sinopec received about 4.9 billion yuan ($706-million) for
losses in 2007, and 7.4 billion yuan for the first quarter of 2008.

SUBSIDY AS PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL GOVT. BUDGET COSTS: 2.9 per cent in 2005; 0.1 per
cent in 2006

OUTLOOK: Beijing is focused on fighting high inflation and has repeatedly said
it will not raise energy prices in the short term. But serious fuel shortages
are cropping up all over the country.

INDONESIA

GASOLINE PRICE: $0.645/litre.

DIESEL PRICE: $0.591/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: The central government

COST OF SUBSIDY: $9.31-billion in 2007; $13.5-billion in 2008

SUBSIDY AS PERCENTAGE OF TOTAL GOVT. BUDGET COSTS: 13 per cent

OUTLOOK: The government raised subsidized fuel price on May 24 and it plans to
introduce smart cards to ration fuel consumption. The smart card may be
introduced in September.

MALAYSIA

GASOLINE PRICE: $0.833/litre

DIESEL PRICE: $0.796/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: Government

COST OF SUBSIDY: Malaysia is a net oil exporter and earns 250 million ringgit
($77.6-million) a year in revenue for every $1 rise in a barrel of crude.
Domestic Trade Minister Shahrir Samad said earlier this year that fuel subsidy
would cost the government as much as 56 billion ringgit this year, or about a
third of government expenditure in 2008.

OUTLOOK: Malaysia said it would scrap fuel price controls in August in a move
that could double Asia's second-cheapest pump prices and stoke inflation already
at 15-month highs.

INDIA

GASOLINE PRICE: $1.19/litre

DIESEL PRICE: $0.81/litre

SUBSIDY BORNE BY: Government, state-run upstream companies, and state-run
retailers

COST OF SUBSIDY: not immediately available

OUTLOOK: Although higher prices may help temper fuel demand at the margins,
analysts have said that rapid economic growth and rising salaries may blunt the
effect of a modest price increase in India, where oil demand rose 7 per cent
last year, its fastest rate in 8 years.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Farmers have limited punching power

BYLINE: PITA ALEXANDER Opinion

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 649 words


The latest information we have is that worldwide farming subsidies are in the
vicinity of US$500 billion and that's two years old now.

As any dairy farmer will tell you, worldwide farming subsidies are on the rise
again. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are both talking
against free trade and are in favour of protectionism for the United States.
This will almost certainly have more than a ripple effect for New Zealand if
they follow through with their intentions.

Asia, Europe and North America account for about 94 per cent of worldwide
agricultural subsidies. They tend to favour larger scale producers, but not as
much as 10 years ago

They also don't always appear to be effective in achieving the broader aim of
stabilising food prices. In 2008 subsidies were maintained but food prices shot
through the roof as though there was no correlation at all.

In the US many of the subsidies, since a change in 2014, are linked to crop
insurance with crop income topped up in the event of poor yields and/or poor
prices.

Once quotas came off in Europe last year their production of skim milk powder
increased by 8.1 per cent over the next year - much larger growth than was
expected.

France is the largest receiver of EU farm subsidy type payments followed by
Germany and then Spain. The average UK farming couple receives about 30-35 per
cent of their gross income from EU farming subsidies. In this regard it seems to
me that the UK needs the EU much more than the EU needs the UK.

The influence New Zealand would have at present with the EU and the US
governments over their farm subsidies would be nil. Yet neither US or EU farmers
are doing that well.

About US$20b was spent by the US Government on farm subsidy payments, according
to the most recent data available. Tellingly, this is less than half of one per
cent of that Government's total annual budget.

Their subsidy budget is so small that one senior farm advisor in Nebraska told
me to concentrate my restricted available time with him on important issues. He
made it quite clear that their subsidies were unlikely to change greatly and on
top of that their expense was immaterial.

The advisor made the point that crop insurance was now a major part of US farm
subsidies. Just on 90 million acres of corn were grown in the US each year and
he took the view that to keep corn going at this level the crop insurance
programme was absolutely crucial. Some of his farmer clients were growing 1000
acres of corn each year which involved a total planting cost of US$500,000
($500/acre) and without the crop insurance subsidy they would in many cases have
a major working capital problem with their bank.

Average farm subsidy payments for EU countries represent about 15-17 per cent of
their farmers' gross income. In Switzerland they were 57 per cent of farm income
and 63 per cent in Norway. Japan and Korea are both about 50-55 per cent.

Any change in worldwide agricultural subsidies would need to be gradual because
they have become a strategically important part of many farmers' gross income.
Change in many countries would almost certainly not work politically without
some major compensation involving substantial dollars.

There's no point in New Zealand farmers getting all excited about this. Our
population is 4.5 million people compared with 320 million in the US and 500
million in the EU. The fact that we export a large proportion of our
agricultural output is important for New Zealand, but does not carry a lot of
weight with the governments of other countries or their often strong
agricultural lobby groups.

At the moment New Zealand needs to concentrate on the well being of its own
farmers, food processors, exporters and currency. We have limited punching power
in the present economic scene so we need to focus our resources where it really
counts.

Pita Alexander is a specialist farm accountant at Alexanders.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Farmers have limited punching power

BYLINE: PITA ALEXANDER Opinion

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 650 words


The latest information we have is that worldwide farming subsidies are in the
vicinity of US$500 billion and that's two years old now.

As any dairy farmer will tell you, worldwide farming subsidies are on the rise
again. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are both talking
against free trade and are in favour of protectionism for the United States.
This will almost certainly have more than a ripple effect for New Zealand if
they follow through with their intentions.

Asia, Europe and North America account for about 94 per cent of worldwide
agricultural subsidies. They tend to favour larger scale producers, but not as
much as 10 years ago

They also don't always appear to be effective in achieving the broader aim of
stabilising food prices. In 2008 subsidies were maintained but food prices shot
through the roof as though there was no correlation at all.

In the US many of the subsidies, since a change in 2014, are linked to crop
insurance with crop income topped up in the event of poor yields and/or poor
prices.

Once quotas came off in Europe last year their production of skim milk powder
increased by 8.1 per cent over the next year - much larger growth than was
expected.

France is the largest receiver of EU farm subsidy type payments followed by
Germany and then Spain. The average UK farming couple receives about 30-35 per
cent of their gross income from EU farming subsidies. In this regard it seems to
me that the UK needs the EU much more than the EU needs the UK.

The influence New Zealand would have at present with the EU and the US
governments over their farm subsidies would be nil. Yet neither US or EU farmers
are doing that well.

About US$20b was spent by the US Government on farm subsidy payments, according
to the most recent data available. Tellingly, this is less than half of one per
cent of that Government's total annual budget. Their subsidy budget is so small
that one senior farm advisor in Nebraska told me to concentrate my restricted
available time with him on important issues. He made it quite clear that their
subsidies were unlikely to change greatly and on top of that their expense was
immaterial.

The advisor made the point that crop insurance was now a major part of US farm
subsidies. Just on 90 million acres of corn were grown in the US each year and
he took the view that to keep corn going at this level the crop insurance
programme was absolutely crucial. Some of his farmer clients were growing 1000
acres of corn each year which involved a total planting cost of US$500,000
($500/acre) and without the crop insurance subsidy they would in many cases have
a major working capital problem with their bank.

Average farm subsidy payments for EU countries represent about 15-17 per cent of
their farmers' gross income. In Switzerland they were 57 per cent of farm income
and 63 per cent in Norway. Japan and Korea are both about 50-55 per cent.

Any change in worldwide agricultural subsidies would need to be gradual because
they have become a strategically important part of many farmers' gross income.
Change in many countries would almost certainly not work politically without
some major compensation involving substantial dollars.

There's no point in New Zealand farmers getting all excited about this. Our
population is 4.5 million people compared with 320 million in the US and 500
million in the EU. The fact that we export a large proportion of our
agricultural output is important for New Zealand, but does not carry a lot of
weight with the governments of other countries or their often strong
agricultural lobby groups.

At the moment New Zealand needs to concentrate on the well being of its own
farmers, food processors, exporters and currency. We have limited punching power
in the present economic scene so we need to focus our resources where it really
counts.

Pita Alexander is a specialist farm accountant at Alexanders.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Stubborn prices lead to review of petrol subsidy

BYLINE: Anthony McAuley and LeAnne Graves

LENGTH: 567  words


UAE to weigh lower petrol subsidies

The Ministry of Energy is reviewing its petrol subsidy policy after questions
were raised about why prices at the pump had not fallen in line with
international oil prices in recent months, the energy minister said yesterday.

The ministry will study UAE petrol subsidies in relation to recent oil market
conditions and report to the Cabinet in due course, the energy minister Suhail
Al Mazrouei said.

"The study is driven by a question by the [Federal National Council] asking why
we have not seen a drop in gasoline prices since the oil price has decreased by
50 per cent [over the past year]," the minister said at a gathering to announce
the second annual report on progress towards its energy goals.

Energy, continued on 2 ->

New LNG terminal, b3

The report, titled State of Energy 2016, will be published in October.

However, the minister indicated that the petrol subsidy study was more likely to
conclude that subsidies needed to be reduced rather than to address why petrol
prices have not fallen with oil prices.

"The answer to [the question from the council] was that [petrol prices] are
subsidised, and subsidised heavily, and we are doing the study to see how much
subsidies are and to see how much we can reduce it partially or fully," the
minister explained.

"Subsidies always encourage higher consumption and discourage conservation, and
that is a concern."

The minister emphasised, however, that the decision would be one for the
Government as a whole and not just for the energy ministry.

"The request is from the Government and it will be up to the Government to make
the decision," he said. "The ministry will just provide a report to the
cabinet."

Countries around the world have been under pressure to reduce energy subsidies
to help reduce carbon dioxide emissions.

And none more so than the Arabian Gulf states, where subsidies are among the
most generous in the world.

Those that are heavily dependent on hydrocarbon revenue also have been under
pressure to reduce subsidies, which were a heavy burden even before the oil
price slump hit the Governments' revenue. The International Energy Agency - the
wealthy OECD countries' energy watchdog - the IMF and the World Bank joined
forces at the start of this year to press countries to reduce their fuel
subsidies.

The IEA ranked the UAE the eighth-most generous country in the world in terms of
fuel subsidies, which it estimated to have an economic value of more than 5 per
cent of the country's GDP in 2013.

The fuel subsidy burden was greatest for Iran, which two years ago spent more
than 20 per cent of its GDP on it, while Saudi Arabia followed at more than 15
per cent.

The IMF this month called on the Government to use the opportunity of lower oil
prices and tighter budgets to reduce fuel subsidies.

The UAE at the start of this year reduced subsidies for domestic gas and
electricity for non-citizens, who make up the bulk of the population. However,
just last week the state oil company, Adnoc, reduced the subsidised price of
liquefied petroleum gas for the northern emirates from Dh31 to Dh29 for a
25-pound cylinder.

The UAE has among the world's cheapest petrol prices at US$0.47 per litre,
according to data from globalpetrolprices.com this month.

However, average petrol prices in Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Bahrain, Oman and
Iran are lower than here.

amcauley@thenational.ae

lgraves@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2015 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              July 17, 2009 Friday

The E.U. spends more than half its budget on farm subsidies, but a lot of the
money doesn't go to farmers.

BYLINE: DOREEN CARVAJAL and STEPHEN CASTLE

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2250 words

ABSTRACT

The European Union last year doled out more than (EURO)50 billion, $71 billion,
making it the largest agricultural aid program in the world.

FULL TEXT

Arids Roma is a gritty Catalan construction company in the northeast of Spain
that paves highways and churns out dusty gray mountains of gravel from several
sprawling factories.

It is also a beneficiary of (EURO)1.59 million in farm subsidies from the
European Union, which last year doled out more than (EURO)50 billion, $71
billion, from the largest agricultural aid program in the world, one that
provides financing to a wide variety of recipients beyond the farmers who plow
the soil - German gummy bear manufacturers, luxury cruise ship caterers and
wealthy landowners ranging from Queen Elizabeth II of England to Prince Albert
II of Monaco.

Arids spreads gravel instead of seeds, but it received a farm subsidy for
contributing to rural development - money well spent, according to the Catalan
regional government, which requested the payment and then distributed it to the
company.

''Paved roads connecting the villages aid the mobility of tractors,'' said
Georgina Pol Borràs, a spokeswoman for  the regional government of Catalonia.

This year for the first time, all of the 27 nations in the European Union were
forced to disclose how they distribute the money from farm subsidies, with
Germany the only nation failing to comply in full. A computer analysis by The
New York Times and the International Herald Tribune of recipients in major
countries has provided the first detailed look at who receives the money.

The data underscore the extent to which the subsidy program has evolved beyond
its original goals of increasing food production and supporting traditional
farmers as they dealt with market fluctuations. It also illustrates how the
European Union has moved to emphasize rural development instead of price support
and production incentives, and in the process has decentralized the system,
giving countries more discretion over the dispersal of subsidies.

The data showed that the biggest share of aid, about (EURO)37.5 billion, still
goes to landowners and farmers, distributed in thousands of individual payments
across the Continent.

But it also showed that hundreds of millions of euros are being paid to
individuals and companies with little or no connection to traditional farming.
And the heftiest sums flow to multinational companies like food conglomerates,
sugar manufacturers and liquor distillers. In France, the single largest
beneficiary was the chicken processor Groupe Doux, at (EURO)62.8 million,
followed by about a dozen sugar manufacturers that together reaped more than
(EURO)103 million.

The sugar processors do not run farms and Groupe Doux outsources the task of
raising chickens to thousands of contract breeders. But they qualified for
agricultural export refunds, government rebates to cover the difference between
the European price of a commodity and its lower world market price. That is how
the German candy maker Haribo qualified for (EURO)332,000 in subsidies for the
sugar in its gummy bears.

With so much money available to exporters, some companies reached to the skies
and the high seas to qualify. For example, Ligabue, a Venice caterer that serves
airlines and luxury cruise ships, received (EURO)148,000 in export subsidies in
2008 - for sugar and dairy creamer sachets that it ''exported'' out of Europe
literally in the stomachs of passengers.

European officials and some economists believe that much of the cash from those
subsidies ultimately trickles down to local farmers, since without them
companies might buy cheaper food elsewhere. But the rebates have a powerful
effect on global trade by depressing world prices and undercutting poor farmers
outside Europe, whose incomes are damaged. It is another form of price support,
economists say, a vestige of an old system that encouraged overproduction of
food and one that the E.U. authorities hope to end by 2013.

It is difficult to know exactly how much subsidy money goes to nonfarmers. Some
of the information the 27 countries provided was vague, with the real recipients
hidden. The E.U. itself says it would be too complicated to calculate how much
nonfarmers receive.

But E.U. officials say they have simply adapted the model to support agriculture
in all its modern forms.

''Rural development is not just about farms, it is also about environmental
projects and boosting the rural economy,'' said Michael Mann, a spokesman for
the European Commission, the E.U. executive branch that has significant
responsibilities for agriculture. ''So it is perfectly O.K. that nonagricultural
businesses get money for a project that generates jobs and prosperity in rural
areas.''

But critics, including farmers' unions and some analysts and politicians, say
the E.U. has created a ramshackle structure of grant-giving that is driven by a
wide variety of national interests, and that it has opened the money pipeline to
wealthy aristocrats who own land but do not farm it: Companies like Arids, whose
connection to farming appears tangential, and to large multinationals hauling in
tens of millions of euros in export subsidies in addition to the huge profits
they generate.

Agricultural economists for the O.E.C.D., the  organization for economic and
social policy, criticize this flow as ''leakage'' because much of the subsidy
money is handed out to ''unintended beneficiaries'' who do not need it.

Harald von Witzke, professor of agricultural economics at the Humboldt
University of Berlin, argues that the system has become more bewildering, and in
some sense has lost its bearings.

''Justification for it keeps on changing,'' Mr. von Witzke said of the subsidy
program. ''First they said it was compensation for reducing support for prices,
then they said it was to pay for the competitive disadvantage of high European
environmental and animal welfare standards. They are now changing the argument
again and saying that this is social policy, though the problem with that is
that the big guys don't need it.''

He added: ''I think we need a complete review of the Common Agricultural Policy,
including whether farmers should be subsidized at all.''

Politicians' sacred cow

Farm subsidies are a controversial economic tool - a sacred cow for politicians
in the United States and Europe. But some economists view them as
trade-distorting instruments that hit the pocketbooks of taxpayers and destroy
the livelihoods of farmers in some of the world's poorest countries by prompting
Western states to dump surplus food there while also reaping the benefit of
subsidies.

The E.U. pays out more than half its annual budget, around (EURO)53 billion, in
farm subsidies, four times as much as the United States. The subsidies cost each
European Union citizen around (EURO)110 a year, according to the European
Commission, a healthy chunk for a family of four. The money is raised from
customs duties, sales taxes and a contribution made by each E.U. country based
on its wealth.

''Individual families are paying double for their food - one for their higher
prices in the stores and then for the taxes that they pay out for subsidies,''
said Stefan Tangermann, an agricultural economist.

Europe has moved steadily away from the production incentives it promoted in the
1960s, when its goal was to increase the food supply and help farm communities
still recovering from the ravages of World War II.

The practice of tying subsidies to food production, which led to vast surpluses
in the 1980s, was eliminated in a series of reforms, and grants to landowners
are now based on the amount of land farmed, rather than how much is grown on it.

At the same time, the E.U. was shifting more funds away from farmers to a rural
development plan that paid out (EURO)8.5 billion last year. The idea was to wean
the countryside off its addiction to subsidies by encouraging it to diversify.

The money, according to E.U. guidelines, could flow to any number of development
objectives: organic farming, farm tourism, infrastructure, renewable energy
products and rural businesses. National governments were given great leeway in
choosing recipients.

That is how a gravel manufacturer like Arids qualifies for farm subsidies, as
did Pasquina, which collected (EURO)1.13 million for its new asphalt factory in
Spain. The Spanish utility Endesa also was eligible - it received (EURO)466,000
for installing electrical connections.

Although some economists and politicians are critical of this extension of farm
subsidies, it does have its proponents. David Blandford, an agricultural
economist at Pennsylvania State University, said he thought the E.U. had acted
wisely, even if it meant spending farm subsidies on projects like building
roads. ''Improving the economy is the key,'' he said. ''In many rural areas, the
future of agriculture and the economic status of farmers really depends on the
entire economy.''

Large landowner handouts

Overall the biggest slice of the farm subsidy cake still goes in direct payments
for farmland. But even in this category there is controversy.

Providing the land is cared for and meets environmental standards, it does not
need to be farmed to qualify for a subsidy. Mere ownership is enough, and
therefore the wealthier the landowner, the larger the handout is likely to be.

The queen of England qualified for £473,500, or $778 812,  in total farm aid in
2008 for Sandringham Farms in England, a 20,000-acre royal retreat that has been
a private home to four generations of British monarchs since 1862. A pet project
of Prince Charles to preserve the Transylvanian countryside also qualified for a
nominal sum. Prince Albert II of Monaco collected (EURO)507,972 in 2008 for his
wheat farms in France.

The duke of Westminster - the third richest person in Britain with a fortune
estimated at £6.5 billion - collected £486,534 for his farm. Top Farms,  the
duke's Polish distributor for his bull breeding company, Cogent, collected more
than (EURO)8 million in subsidies from 2006 to 2007 for its dairy farms in
Poland.

The system also benefits the Roman Catholic Church through many of its ancient
abbeys and convents scattered through Italy, Spain, Austria and France. At the
headquarters in Burgundy, France, of the Cistercien monks - an ancient
international order that takes a vow of silence - the cheese-making brothers
qualified for (EURO)52,000 for its farms.

A typical small farmer in Romania might qualify for about (EURO)400 in subsidies
, and that sum ranges upward for farmers in more prosperous countries.

Another stream of money goes to big multinational firms, which can collect
subsidies from different E.U. nations, as long as they operate in Europe. One of
them is Cargill - the mammoth food producer that is the largest privately held
company in the United States, with revenues of (EURO)120 billion in 2008. Last
year Cargill received at least (EURO)10.5 million, collecting subsidies in eight
E.U. countries.

Some economists say the E.U. can address potential inequities by establishing a
threshold over which people or companies would not qualify for aid.

''If the objective of subsidies is to supplement farm income, then we think it
should be means tested - that is, going to people who have low incomes based on
taxable income or revenue,'' said Catherine Moreddu, an economist with the
O.E.C.D., who is studying how benefits are distributed for a report she is
preparing. ''But at the moment there is nothing like it.''

European governments have resisted the idea of a threshold, agreeing only to
very minor reductions in subsidies for the biggest farms.

It is true that some of the money corporations receive from export subsidies
will filter down to farmers, because the corporations buy the farmers' products.
But farmers' unions say payments to big companies are unjust. And the E.U. says
it wants to get rid of such subsidies by 2013 because they are thought to be
particularly distorting to trade.

Mr. Mann of the European Commission said  changes had made the farm subsidy
system more effective and coherent. ''Of course,'' he said, ''things are not
perfect and that is the result of national governments heavily amending the
commission's very rational proposals.'' But he said that giving nations greater
freedom was better than controlling the process too strictly.

The  safety net stretches far and wide. One grateful recipient is Heiligenkreuz,
an ancient Cistercian order in Austria known for its monks' Gregorian chants,
their ''You Tube'' promotional video and their  hit album, ''Music for the
Soul.''

Last year the monks struck a half-million dollar record deal with Universal
Music. Then they struck gold again by collecting (EURO)581,000 in farm subsidies
. The money helped pay down the debt on the restoration of their 12th-century
monastery. The Heiligenkreuz order manages 18,000 hectares of land, or 44,000
acres, and employs locals to cultivate crops.

''I think this is just a question of justice,'' said Father Karl Wallner, dean
of the monastery's faculty. ''The land that is owned by a monastery is being
given the same support as everybody else.'' It may not be what Europeans
envisaged when they set out to feed a continent almost five decades ago, but
E.U. cash ensures the survival of this community committed to a life of poverty
and chastity.

It is an act of ''providence,'' Father Wallner said. ''I have a small room, a
bed, no TV. I live poorly, but the monastery has enough money to keep running.''

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             June 4, 2008 Wednesday

Scrap support slowly, say economists

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 656 words


KUALA LUMPUR: Economists, non-governmental organisations and consumer
associations came out in support of the government's move to reduce or even
scrap subsidies - but most cautioned that this must be done gradually.

Federation of Malaysian Consumers Associations secretary-general Muhammad
Sha'ani Abdullah said the government could initially limit the usage of
subsidised goods or have a quota.

"If consumers want to use more than the quota, then they will have to pay the
unsubsidised price. This will expose consumers to the actual price of the goods
and the government can gradually withdraw the subsidies."

Malaysian Employers Federation executive director Shamsuddin Bardan said if the
subsidies were withdrawn abruptly, it would cause a sudden increase in prices of
subsidised items.

"It will create a negative shock to the business sector and consumers.

"The government should provide an appropriate time for the public to adapt to
new prices of goods before completely withdrawing the subsidies," said
Shamsuddin.

President of the Consumers Association of Subang and Shah Alam, Datuk Jacob
George, said the government should block the abuse of subsidies, looking
seriously at the seepage in the distribution system of the subsidies.

Muslim Consumers Association of Malaysia project director Noor Nirwandy Mat
Noordin said the government must reduce expenditure on grand events before
seeking suggestions to reduce subsidies.

"Some unnecessary functions like the launching of events are a waste of a lot of
money."

He said the government also needed to find a way to protect the middle- and
lower-income groups by reducing the subsidies for the rich.

However, he said the main concern was to tackle the issue of fuel subsidies by
firmly blocking foreign-registered vehicles from purchasing subsidised petrol
and diesel.

Consumers Association of Penang research officer Uma Ramaswamy said subsidies
should be completely removed rather than finding ways to reduce them.

She said money that was used for subsidies could be used to provide a more
efficient public transport and improve education and health services.

"More aid can be given to the poor if subsidies are removed. The government must
prioritise the lower-income group," she said.

AmInvestment Bank economist M. Manokaran supports a gradual reduction of the
fuel subsidy.

"Although the government is keen to reduce the subsidy levels in order to trim
the fiscal deficit for the year, we are of the opinion that it will not be a
total removal. A gradual reduction of subsidies would be most welcome."

He estimated that the new mechanism would probably push up the prices of
petroleum products by as much as 20 to 30 per cent, which is between 40 sen and
50 sen per litre.

The hike would lead to increased inflation, which reached a 15-month high of 3.0
per cent in April.

"Based on our sensitivity analysis, a flat adjustment of 10 sen in the prices of
petroleum products in September will push up the transportation index (15.9 per
cent of total Consumer Price Index) by slightly more than 3.0 percentage points.

"However, with an estimated 50 per cent of the population under the subsidised
scheme, we reckon the first-round and second-round effects will push up the
broader inflation rate by 0.4 percentage point."

If the new scheme involves a 40-50 sen hike, the overall CPI will accelerate
sharply by 4.6 per cent to 5.0 per cent in September, from the current level of
about 3.0 per cent.

Federation of Malaysian Manufacturers (FMM) president Tan Sri Yong Poh Kon,
meanwhile, said manufacturers were also looking to other items which are price
controlled, like condensed milk.

"If items like these are `de-controlled', manufacturers don't have to wait too
long to get approval for prices to move."

Yong believes that with almost all tariffs in Asean eliminated when the Asean
Free Trade Area (Afta) is fully realised in 2010, Malaysian consumers will have
increased choices in the market.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Better LPG, kerosene targeting soon; sops only to really needy: Dharmendra
Pradhan

BYLINE: ens economic bureau

LENGTH: 673  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


After the success of GiveItUp campaign that led to 1.01 crore LPG consumers
voluntarily surrendering their subsidies, the government is now determined to
take the process of limiting the sop to the really needy to its logical end.
Petroleum minister Dharmendra Pradhan said on Tuesday that the plan was to
reduce the number of subsidised LPG consumers by another 2-2.5 crore from 15.2
crore at present. With the policy that households with annual income above Rs 10
lakh is ineligible for LPG subsidy, the government would identify such
households still enjoying it by way of ascertaining the valuable physical assets
in their possession, the minister said.

He, however, said the income-tax data might not be used for this purpose, as tax
fillings are "confidential" in nature. "We may look at physical assets of a
consumer to determine if he belongs to the affluent class," the minister said at
the Indian Express' Idea Exchange programme.

A major feat of the Narendra Modi government, Pradhan said, was that it added
more than 3.7 crore new domestic LPG consumers in just two years to take the
number to 16.7 crore. Millions of households, especially women who have been
exposed to the smoke from chullahs fuelled by firewood/dung cake, have been
freed from the serious hazard, the minister said.

In the Budget 2016-17, finance minister Arun Jaitley promised to provide cooking
gas to the poorest 50 million households over the next few years.

Despite steps taken by the government to restrict LPG subsidy to the needy, the
consumer base for cooking gas expanded by a solid 3.7 crore to 16.7crore in the
two years of the Modi government, fastest growth in at least the last couple of
decades.

Pradhan, also Rajya Sabha MP from Bihar, claimed that all Parliamentarians have
given up their cooking gas subsidy after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's appeal.
He recalled Congress-leaders such as Mallikarjun Kharge, A K Antony and Ashok
Chavan telling him that they surrendered their subsidies soon after the PM's
appeal.

Interestingly, when the petroleum ministry carried out a survey of nearly one
lakh LPG consumers residing in affluent areas such as South Mumbai, South Delhi,
Salt Lake in Kolkata and a few areas in Chennai, it came to fore that just 3 per
cent of them have surrendered the cooking gas subsidy. "The government wants to
give LPG subsidy to the poor. We will come out with a mechanism to stop giving
subsidy to affluent households," the minister said.

When the Modi government came to power in May 2014, there were about 17 crore
domestic cooking gas consumers on the roll. After the launch of PAHAL or the
Direct Benefit Transfer of LPG (DBTL) scheme nearly 3 crore duplicate/fake
consumers were weeded out. Currently, there are 16.70 crore domestic consumers,
of which 15.2 get the subsidy. Another 1.01 crore have voluntarily given up the
subsidy, while 0.5 crore consumers did not link their bank account with the LPG
connection, and virtually stopped getting subsidy.

Talking about pruning kerosene subsidy, Pradhan said that the government has
asked the "states to put in place beneficiaries list" with a view to tagetting
the subsidy to those who need it for cooking/lighting. "We have asked the states
to tell us who should get kerosene subsidy. They are also losing revenue. We are
trying to make a gateway this financial year for targeted distribution of
kerosene subsidy," the 46-year-old minister said. Nearly, 30-40 per cent of the
subsidised kerosene is being black-marketed.

The government had decided to provide a fixed subsidy of Rs 18 per kg under the
Direct Benefit Transfer for Domestic LPG during April-October, which has been
revised to Rs 15 per kg from November 2015 onwards. The average subsidy on
domestic LPG reduced by about 63 per cent to Rs 11.08/kg in FY16 against Rs
29.63/kg in FY15. This made the government revise the provision for LPG subsidy
downwards by Rs 3/kg. The benchmark Brent crude oil price fell nearly 44 per
cent to an average of $48.73/barrel in FY16 against $86.6/barrel in FY15. FE

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 27, 2015

NLC - We'll Hold Buhari to His Promise Not to Remove Fuel Subsidy

BYLINE: Chineme Okafor and Paul Obi

LENGTH: 1070 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) on Saturday said the planned removal of fuel
subsidy was illegal and diversionary, adding that the congress will not take it
lightly should the government go ahead with the plan billed to take off in
January.

The Congress was reacting to the remarks by the Minister of State for Petroleum,
Dr. Ibe Kachikwu, who said government had resolved to scrap oil subsidy because
of fraud around it.

The minister had said: "So for the first time people will understand that the
pricing modulation I was talking about is not a gimmick. It is for real. The
objective is that we cannot afford to continue to subsidize.We can't even
understand where those subsidies were going to. There is a lot of fraud elements
in it so we need to cut that off. The second is that the earning capacity of the
Federal Government is deteriorating by the day with lower prices of crude."

Kachikwu, who is also the Group Managing Director, Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation (NNPC) also said a new fuel price regime that may see fuel sell for
as low as N85 per litre would be announced next week to reflect the new market
conditions.

But in his reaction to the planned removal of the petroleum subsidy, NLC
President, Comrade Ayuba Wabba, in an interview with THISDAY, said the organised
labour would hold the President accountable on his promise not to tinker with
the subsidy arrangement. He therefore declared the planned removal of fuel
subsidy illegal and diversionary.

The NLC president said the decision by President Buhari led All Progressives
Congress (APC) government to remove fuel subsidy did not fall within the purview
of their campaign promises during the 2015 general elections.

"We will hold him (President Buhari) accountable on his campaign promises. If
they were going to remove subsidy, that was not part of their campaign promises
during the elections. President Buhari has promised Nigerians that he will not
remove fuel subsidy - that is his promise, we will hold him to his words," Wabba
said.

NLC President said though the union had yet to receive the details, government's
decision to tinker with fuel subsidy was wrong-headed and illegal given that the
processes required to effect the removal of the subsidy had not been complied
with.

"The Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) by law is supposed to
regulate petroleum products prices and it is made up of a board of stakeholders.
NLC is also part of the board.

"For some time now, that organ has not been constituted. I don't think anybody
can fix the prices of petroleum products. So removing fuel subsidy and fixing
petroleum products - that is illegal," Wabba stated.

The NLC president argued that what should be the focus of government is how to
"refine petroleum products in Nigeria," stressing that, to remove subsidy and at
the same time fix petroleum products prices is 'diversionary'.

Wabba declared that the NLC would not accept fuel subsidy removal as the body
was not part of the decision. "They did not even consult on this fuel subsidy
removal," he said. The NLC president informed THISDAY that the National
Executive Council (NEC) of NLC would meet in early January and take a decision
on the issue.

He said that the meeting would ensure that all avenues were explored to address
the impending crisis on the planned fuel subsidy removal. On the upcoming
reduction in pump price of fuel, the minister of state for petroleum, who
disclosed this during a tour of the Port Harcourt refinery on Christmas Day,
expressed hope that the new price regime would come on stream January next year.

He said efforts were on to get the refinery to achieve 60 per cent production
capacity and to supply about 11 million litres of petrol daily. "If you look at
the new PPPRA template that we developed and which I just signed off two days
ago, when it is announced you will find out that for now, and I use the emphatic
word of the President 'for now', the price of the refined product will actually
be lower than 87 naira, It will be 85. We will probably announce that in January
if the prices hold.

In a related development, there are indications that the federal government is
gradually cutting back on the use of trucks to transport petroleum products from
coastal depots and storage facilities to the hinterlands. Kachikwu gave the hint
that government would begin to cut back the country's huge reliance on trucks to
distribute fuel and improve the use of pipelines instead.

Kachikwu explained at a recent tour of the Port Harcourt Refineries in Rivers
State that the government had as part of measures to revive pipeline
distribution of products, signed up private intelligence firms to augment
existing security arrangements on the country's about 5000 kilometres long
stretch of pipeline network.

The efforts, he said, would enable the Pipeline and Products Marketing Company
(PPMC), a subsidiary of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC), push
more products through the pipelines to hinterlands in the country.

According to him, up to 4000 trucks laden with petroleum products ply the length
and breadth of the country's roads every day to supply petroleum products across
board. This he said had continued to impact on Nigeria's road infrastructure,
amongst other impacts.

"We are bringing in private securities to secure the pipelines. The key is to
continue to maintain this and I think we are beginning to get the feel that we
are getting some sense of what we need to do. "It is a combination of many
factors: communities, contractors and all sorts, it still makes it expensive but
it is better than having to truck them through the roads," said Kachikwu.

Meanwhile, Kachikwu has said that the country's four refineries: Kaduna; Warri
and Port Harcourt would be given external help to keep them active even after
repair works on them are completed. "From the briefing I have gotten today, they
are fairly close to reopening and producing. Over the next one week, we expect
to see products out from here.

"A lot of these works, we have had to do with intensive manual labour with the
staff who are here, largely because lack of funding has not enabled us to do the
kind of holistic changes we need to do, that is still going to come to support
them. We have done a great amount of work, been able to self-repair, but that
will be solved when we holistically repair the plants beginning from early next
year," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab Times

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Subsidy phase-out by 2020 proposed

LENGTH: 344 words


KUWAIT CITY, Feb 20: The government may decide to repeal all forms of subsidy by
March 2020 if it implements the remaining aspects of the recommendations
contained in the report of Ernst &Young, which the Ministry of Finance assigned
to prepare the roadmap for subsidy reform, reports Arab Times daily.

A source noted the report was ready a few months ago but was kept under wraps to
avoid undue parliamentary reaction, adding its implementation is not binding
until all concerned authorities approve of it.

He explained that the government had already applied certain aspects of the
recommendations regarding fuel, electricity and water subsidies. He also said
power subsidy forms around 71 percent of subsidies in Kuwait. Four major steps
have since been proposed for future action.

The steps include gradual reduction in the rate of fuel subsidy, and prices of
electricity and water will also be increased gradually to reduce the rate at
which a raise in prices will affect consumers and the economy. As for aviation
fuel, the report advised the government to remove subsidy for foreign companies
since it appears the purpose of doing that has not been met.

However, there must be a way of assisting it to be competitive in the
international market before removing its subsidy. The last of the four steps is
about liquefied gas whose price the report recommended a thorough study to
restore its proper market value.

The report recommended gradual removal of subsidies from other sectors such as
the overseas medical treatment, which covers about 6 percent of the subsidies.

The same recommendation was for education sector that consumes 4 percent of the
subsidies, in addition to social welfare that consumes 5 percent of subsidies,
rent allowances that covers 4 percent, social aid that accounts for 1 percent
and inflation allowance 4 percent. Others include financial support of 3
percent, media support of around 0.01 percent, and agriculture and fishing
sector that consumes less than 1 percent of the entire subsidies.

Share 2017 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1143


                 Copyright 2017 Arab Times Kuwait English Daily
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Al-Ahram Weekly

                               December 28, 2016

No filling up on gas

LENGTH: 420  words


UNTIL early November, 20 litres of octane 92 petrol cost LE52. After the
subsidies were cut on 4 November, the same quantity costs LE70, a 35 per cent
increase. Many other items were also on the list of subsidies cuts, including
diesel, mostly used as fuel for tractors in villages and minibuses, and butane
gas cylinders used for cooking and heating. The latter saw an 87 per cent surge
in prices.

The move was part of the measures the government needed to implement to acquire
the $12 billion loan from the IMF. Egypt first cut fuel subsidies in 2008. It
made another cut in 2014, when president Abdel-Fattah Al-Sisi first took office.
Since then there have been no further cuts, but this year's subsidy cuts will
not be the last. More should be expected annually until the subsidies are phased
out over a five-year period.

Fuel subsidies take up around 20 per cent of government spending. Ideally,
savings from fuel subsidy cuts should be directed towards more social spending
and improving health and education. Historically, energy subsidies constituted
60 per cent of the subsidies bill until 2014-15 when they decreased to 35 per
cent of the total, according to research by Dubai-based investment bank Arqaam
Capital. Studies have shown that the bulk of the benefits from the fuel price
subsidies goes to high-income groups and distorts local industries.

The government has also put in place a smart-card system that enables
individuals to acquire a certain amount of fuel at subsidised prices while
paying the market rate for any quantities exceeding that amount. However, the
system has not yet been activated, and it is not clear whether in fact it will
be.

Though the government cut subsidies to trim its budget, this has also not quite
happened. Because of the floatation of the pound and its falling international
value, the government will now be paying over LE60 billion for fuel subsidies
instead of the previous LE35 billion. The budget had initially been calculated
on an LE9 exchange rate against the US dollar and at $40 per barrel of oil.
Higher oil prices ranging around $50 per barrel have now come into play, as well
as an exchange rate which has reached LE18.

In effect, the cuts thus offset the increase as a result of devaluation. Had no
subsidies cuts been carried out, the subsidies could have exceeded LE70 billion.
The government is also on track to phase out electricity subsidies over a
five-year period beginning in 2014.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/265/914/78/148305717671.jpg

No filling up on gas

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 914


                    Copyright 2016 Al-Ahram Publishing House
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                             May 21, 2011 Saturday

Govt hikes oil cos' subsidy; may hit ONGC's July FPO

LENGTH: 1057 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 21 -- In a move that may spook Oil and Natural Gas Corp's (ONGC)
planned public offer, the Government has increased the burden of fuel subsidy
payable by upstream oil firms from one-third to 38.8 pr cent for 2010-11 fiscal.

Of the '78,159-crore revenue that retailers lost on selling diesel, LPG and
kerosene at government-controlled rates in 2010-11, upstream companies ONGC, Oil
India and GAIL have been ordered to contribute '30,296.75 crore (38.8 per cent).
Traditionally, upstream companies made up roughly one-third (33.33 per cent) of
the revenues lost on fuel sales through discounts on crude oil and products they
sold to Indian Oil, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum.

"We have just being told that our subsidy contribution for 2010-11 fiscal will
be 38.8 per cent instead of one-third subsidy we had been sharing for past four
years," ONGC chairman and managing director AK Hazarika told reporters.

ONGC has been ordered to chip in with '24,892.43 crore, OIL '3,293.08 crore and
GAIL '2,111.24 crore. "We are giving '3,832 crore more in subsidy that we had
projected earlier," he said. ONGC's got $55.94 for crude oil it sold in 2009-10
and after the increased subsidy, its net realisation in 2010-11 would be $52-53
per barrel.

"Our profits will be adversely impacted by '2,000 crore due to this additional
subsidy outgo," Hazarika said. ONGC, which had in the first three quarters of
the 2010-11 fiscal provided '12,757 crore in subsidy, has seen its stock price
plummeting by 11 per cent this week on reports of government plans to increase
its subsidy outgo.

ONGC shares ended 1.17 per cent down at '274.05 on the Bombay Stock Exchange
today.

The company has slipped to third place in M-cap behind Reliance Industries and
Coal India and the falling stock price may impact the timing of government's
sale of 5 per cent shares in a follow-on public offer (FPO).

"The timing is for the Department of Disinvestment to decide. We were told that
the FPO would happen in first week of July and accordingly we are prepared," he
said refusing to say if the ad-hoc subsidy mechanism followed by the government
may keep investors away. ONGC has been been critical of the ad-hoc subsidy
mechanism and has demanded that the government should come out with a
transparent policy in the larger public and shareholder interest.

The Government was targeting '14,000 crore from the FPO but at current rates it
will get just over '11,000 crore and there are doubts being expressed if the
July 5 timeline for opening of the public offering will be adhered to or not.

Hazarika, however, said the company's profitability will be more than '16,700
crore net profit earned in 2009-10 fiscal. "We made '16,100 crore of net profit
in first nine months and for the full fiscal we will do better than last year,"
he said. The Government has paid a total of '40,912 crore, or

just over half of the the total revenue loss on fuel sales in 2010-11, in cash
subsidy to retailers. Of the upstream subsidy, IOC will get '16,703.73 crore,
BPCL '6,960.04 crore and HPCL '6,632.98 crore.

In a move that may spook Oil and Natural Gas Corp's (ONGC) planned public offer,
the Government has increased the burden of fuel subsidy payable by upstream oil
firms from one-third to 38.8 pr cent for 2010-11 fiscal.Of the '78,159-crore
revenue that retailers lost on selling diesel, LPG and kerosene at
government-controlled rates in 2010-11, upstream companies ONGC, Oil India and
GAIL have been ordered to contribute '30,296.75 crore (38.8 per cent).
Traditionally, upstream companies made up roughly one-third (33.33 per cent) of
the revenues lost on fuel sales through discounts on crude oil and products they
sold to Indian Oil, Hindustan Petroleum and Bharat Petroleum."We have just being
told that our subsidy contribution for 2010-11 fiscal will be 38.8 per cent
instead of one-third subsidy we had been sharing for past four years," ONGC
chairman and managing director AK Hazarika told reporters. ONGC has been ordered
to chip in with '24,892.43 crore, OIL '3,293.08 crore and GAIL '2,111.24 crore.
"We are giving '3,832 crore more in subsidy that we had projected earlier," he
said. ONGC's got $55.94 for crude oil it sold in 2009-10 and after the increased
subsidy, its net realisation in 2010-11 would be $52-53 per barrel."Our profits
will be adversely impacted by '2,000 crore due to this additional subsidy
outgo," Hazarika said. ONGC, which had in the first three quarters of the
2010-11 fiscal provided '12,757 crore in subsidy, has seen its stock price
plummeting by 11 per cent this week on reports of government plans to increase
its subsidy outgo.ONGC shares ended 1.17 per cent down at '274.05 on the Bombay
Stock Exchange today.The company has slipped to third place in M-cap behind
Reliance Industries and Coal India and the falling stock price may impact the
timing of government's sale of 5 per cent shares in a follow-on public offer
(FPO)."The timing is for the Department of Disinvestment to decide. We were told
that the FPO would happen in first week of July and accordingly we are
prepared," he said refusing to say if the ad-hoc subsidy mechanism followed by
the government may keep investors away. ONGC has been been critical of the
ad-hoc subsidy mechanism and has demanded that the government should come out
with a transparent policy in the larger public and shareholder interest.The
Government was targeting '14,000 crore from the FPO but at current rates it will
get just over '11,000 crore and there are doubts being expressed if the July 5
timeline for opening of the public offering will be adhered to or not.Hazarika,
however, said the company's profitability will be more than '16,700 crore net
profit earned in 2009-10 fiscal. "We made '16,100 crore of net profit in first
nine months and for the full fiscal we will do better than last year," he said.
The Government has paid a total of '40,912 crore, orjust over half of the the
total revenue loss on fuel sales in 2010-11, in cash subsidy to retailers. Of
the upstream subsidy, IOC will get '16,703.73 crore, BPCL '6,960.04 crore and
HPCL '6,632.98 crore. Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Political & Business Daily. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2011 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          November 25, 1998 Wednesday

Ottawa urged to target European wheat subsidies  WTO rules should be tightened
up: wheat board

BYLINE: HEATHER SCOFFIELD Parliamentary Bureau

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


The federal government should take aim at high European subsidies to wheat
farmers during the next round of international agriculture and trade talks, the
Canadian Wheat Board said yesterday.

The European Union is able to take advantage of loose World Trade Organization
requirements to pump massive subsidies into its grain sector, and those
requirements should be tightened up in the next round of negotiations starting
at the end of 1999, said Lorne Hehn, chief commissioner of the wheat board.

"For Canadian producers, this is essential" to help Canadians compete globally,
he told the House of Commons committee on agriculture and agri-food during
hearings about the coming WTO talks.

But Mr. Hehn recognized that such a stand by the federal government would not be
an easy one to support. Not only is the European Union stubborn about providing
support for its farmers, but the United States -- a key player to have on side
if Canada wants to make headway against European support programs -- has not
made the European subsidies a top priority.

Instead, the United States has made the elimination of state trading
enterprises, such as the Canadian Wheat Board, its first priority. The United
States says such enterprises hide subsidies and fix prices.

During the last round of talks in 1993-94, WTO negotiators divided farm
subsidies into three categories: amber (for subsidies considered to be
trade-distorting, and should be phased out or controlled), green (for subsidies
that were not considered to be trade-distorting and are therefore allowed) and
blue (for income supports that fall between amber and green, but which were not
linked to a specific commodity or production level, and are therefore allowed).

Canada should put the elimination of the blue-category subsidies at the top of
its agenda for the next WTO talks, Mr. Hehn said.

For every tonne of wheat produced, the Organization for Economic Co-operation
and Development estimates that Canadian farmers receive $15 in total subsidies,
while American farmers get $72 and European farmers get $116.

The high European subsidy level has meant that European farmers are increasing
their production at a time when wheat prices are falling and there is already a
glut of wheat on the market, Mr. Hehn said. The subsidies exacerbate already-low
wheat prices. Canadian negotiating team probably did not realize during the last
round of talks how harmful the blue-category subsidies would be, he added.

But several MPs on the committee were unforgiving.

In an interview, negotiator Mike Gifford chose not to respond. He said Ottawa
would not have a formal WTO bargaining position ready until next fall.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright (c) 2009 Georgetown Journal of International Law
                    Georgetown Journal of International Law

                                  Spring, 2009

                    Georgetown Journal of International Law

                            40 Geo. J. Int'l L. 865

LENGTH: 25048 words

ARTICLE: THINK BIG AND IGNORE THE LAW: U.S. CORN AND ETHANOL SUBSIDIES AND WTO
LAW

NAME: PHOENIX X. F. CAI*

BIO:



   * Assistant Professor of Law, University of Denver College of Law; University
of California at Berkeley College of Law: Berkeley Law, J.D., 1999, Order of the
Coif, Washington University in St. Louis, B.A. 1996. The author is grateful to
Professors Alan Chen and Rachel Arnow-Richman for their helpful insights and
comments. Particular thanks to Krishma Parsad, Joseph Destafney, and Sunika
Pawar for their excellent research assistance. Any errors are mine. (c) 2009,
Phoenix X. F. Cai.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... To give a simple example of both types of prohibited subsidies, imagine
that the United States gives a $ 0.50/bushel subsidy for all corn that is
exported as well as a separate $ 0.50/bushel subsidy to any U.S. ethanol
producer that purchases American corn for use in ethanol production.  ... Both
export subsidies and import substitution subsidies are presumptively illegal
under the SCM Agreement, which does not require any further showing of adverse
effect or serious prejudice to other countries.  ... The Agreement on
Agriculture distinguishes among highly trade-distorting subsidies (Amber Box),
minimally trade-distorting subsidies (Blue Box), and non-trade-distorting
subsidies (Green Box). a.  ... The panel and Appellate Body reports in Upland
Cotton affirm this interpretation and apply it beyond export subsidies to all
agricultural subsidies generally.  ... The support for corn in terms of direct
payments, counter-cyclical payments, export credit guarantees, marketing loan
assistance, and LDP programs, are also substantially similar to the programs for
cotton.  ... The new close relationship between oil prices and corn demand
created by the surge of corn-based ethanol has not only increased the global
price of corn and food prices generally, but some argue that it has transferred
the volatility of the oil market to the corn market and other commodity markets.
... This Article situates the Upland Cotton case in a broad global context,
showing how it can extend to corn and ethanol subsidies, and frames the case as
an important development in the debate regarding the balance of power between
developed and developing nations, supranational and domestic regulation, and WTO
judicial and political power.

TEXT:
 [*865]  INTRODUCTION

   Everyone should care about what happens at the World Trade Organization (WTO)
in Geneva. It affects our lives in large and small ways. Decisions made in
Geneva affect the price of food on our tables, gas at the pump, and the prices
and availability of most of what we buy.

   This Article argues that new challenges to U.S. corn and ethanol subsidies
are highly likely. Even though at first glance this Article deals with the
specialized and esoteric field of international trade law, its sweep is much
broader. The subject of this Article is also both timely and salient. The
agricultural subsidies debate is highly salient in the current political context
of high food costs, high fuel prices and Doha development round sensitivities.
The year 2008 saw rocketing food and fuel prices, food rationing in many
countries, and the controversial passage of the 2007 Farm Bill over a
presidential veto, all of which focused the spotlight on agricultural policies.
At the same time, Doha Round ministerial negotiations, which seek to
significantly reform the agricultural subsidies regime, resumed in July of 2008.
A primary goal in Doha is to ensure that the world trading system more fully
benefits developing countries.

   This Article explores in depth Brazil's successful challenge of U.S. cotton
subsidies in the Upland Cotton case. The case is significant in a number of ways
discussed in detail in this article in Part IV. Moreover, the arguments Brazil
raised in the case apply to corn and ethanol subsidies as well. In fact, the
Upland Cotton case provides developing nations greater incentive to broadly
attack U.S. subsidies by opening the door to a broader range of remedies.
Challengers may use the stronger remedies of the Agreement on Subsidies and
[*866]  Countervailing Measures (SCM Agreement) as well as the Agreement on
Agriculture. As Doha talks continue to stall, challenges by developing or
middle-income nations to U.S. corn and other subsidies becomes more likely.

   Beyond the exploration of the doctrinal and practical implications of the
Upland Cotton case, this Article also makes a number of broad theoretical and
policy points. First, the case provides a useful lens through which to view the
role of developing nations and their access to the WTO's dispute settlement
process. Developing nations are very interested in broadening market access for
their agricultural products. There are primarily two methods of achieving this
goal in the WTO: negotiation or litigation. Developing nations are actively
pursuing the negotiation route in Doha, but many are also considering
litigation. The Upland Cotton case will be a linchpin in any litigation
strategy. Agricultural subsidies litigation may open the floodgates to greater
activism by developing nations in WTO dispute settlement proceedings.

   Second, this Article examines the concept of relative judicial power: the
idea that the WTO's Appellate Body is powerful relative to other international
adjudicative bodies only because the political branch (the WTO General Council
consisting of all member-states) has failed to exhibit political leadership. It
argues that the General Council has a chance in Doha to reassert itself.
Agriculture provides a unique opportunity for the members of the WTO to reverse
the trend of political capitulation.

   A third and related point is that Doha represents an opportunity for not just
the usual players (the United States, the European Union, China, Japan, India,
and Russia) but also emerging blocs of developing nations to play a leadership
role in agriculture. Both developing and developed nations must yield for a
consensus to emerge from future Doha talks. Failure of Doha to achieve
meaningful reform would be a devastating blow to the legitimacy and continued
viability of the WTO as an institution. However imperfect the WTO may be, it
would be a shame to abandon it now to fragmented bilateralism and opportunistic
protectionism.

   Before proceeding, a few short notes on scope are in order. First, this
Article will not focus on U.S. farm policy in general. Rather, farm bills are
considered only to the extent that they contribute to an understanding of the
potential conflicts between U.S. subsidy policies and WTO rules. Second, this
Article focuses primarily on the international regulation of agricultural
subsidies and does not consider in any detail the domestic regulatory and legal
regime, which is subject to international  [*867]  scrutiny at the WTO level.

   The Article proceeds in six parts. Part I explains the multi-layered WTO
regime on agriculture and subsidies, with particular emphasis on the delicate
interplay among multiple WTO agreements. It also highlights the main ways in
which U.S. subsidies programs conflict with WTO rules on agriculture and
subsidies. The Doha negotiations are an attempt to address some of these
conflicts. However, because Doha's fate is uncertain, the future of U.S.
subsidies is also uncertain. Part II discusses the Upland Cotton case  n1 in
detail, highlighting in particular the implications for other U.S. commodity
subsidy programs, including corn. Part III examines the legal and political
likelihood of a new WTO challenge against U.S. corn and ethanol subsidies and
suggests that such a challenge is highly probable. Part IV analyzes the
significance of the Upland Cotton Case. Part V presents a normative lesson for
international governance derived from the cases and agreements considered in
this article. Part VI concludes with a call to bring Doha to a successful
conclusion.

   I. THE REGULATION OF AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDIES

   A. WTO Rules

   Nations often subsidize their domestic agricultural producers. These
subsidies have a significant impact on international trade because they reduce
production costs, giving subsidized producers an unfair advantage on the
international market. Nations have negotiated international trade agreements,
many of them under the aegis of the WTO, to facilitate free trade and minimize
the harmful effects of subsidies. The WTO legal regime for agricultural
subsidies is rather complex. Two different agreements apply and the interplay
between them is intricate. The Uruguay Round of negotiations, which created the
WTO, subjected agricultural subsidies to serious restrictions under
international trade rules for the first time.  n2 However, it did so in a
bifurcated way,  [*868]  with the SCM Agreement  n3 on one hand and the
Agreement on Agriculture  n4 on the other. The SCM Agreement applies to
subsidies and countervailing duties  n5 generally, across all industries.
Although agriculture has been subject to the GATT from its inception, it was
always singled out for special treatment due to its particular social, cultural,
and political importance.  n6 The Agreement on Agriculture formalized this
special treatment by subjecting trade in agriculture to its own regime within
the WTO.  n7 Subsidies for agricultural products are regulated by both the
Agreement on Agriculture and the SCM Agreement.

   While the Agreement on Agriculture is the principal document governing trade
in agriculture, it does not operate in a vacuum. As a  [*869]  WTO agreement, it
is subject to the dispute settlement procedures of the WTO as well as pre-WTO
GATT jurisprudence dealing with agricultural trade. In addition, there are
complex linkages to other WTO agreements, such as the SCM Agreement. Agriculture
is also subject to special rules under the Agreement on Safeguards, permitting
trade restrictions of agricultural products and product standards and health and
safety standards under the Agreement on the Application of Sanitary and
Phytosanitary Measures (SPS Agreement).

   However, the two agreements are not equal. The SCM Agreement is subservient
to the Agreement on Agriculture due to an extraordinary supremacy clause in the
Agreement on Agriculture.  n8 Article 21 of the Agreement on Agriculture
explicitly states that provisions in other WTO agreements are subject to the
Agreement on Agriculture.  n9 This provision sets the stage for the complicated
interplay between the SCM Agreement and the Agreement on Agriculture.

   B. The SCM Agreement

   The SCM Agreement regulates all subsidies in any economic sector.  n10 It
differentiates between legal and non-legal subsidies  n11 and allows countries
to impose WTO-consistent countervailing duties  n12 on subsidized imports to
offset the effects of illegal or actionable subsidies.  n13  [*870]  The SCM
Agreement generally aims to limit the use of the most trade-distorting subsidies
, such as export subsidies.

   The SCM originally recognized and distinguished between prohibited and
actionable subsidies. Prior to 2000, Article 8 of the SCM Agreement created a
safe harbor provision for certain "green light" subsidies. When this article
expired in 2000 due to WTO gridlock, the two remaining types of subsidies,
prohibited or "red light" and actionable or "yellow light," remained.

   1. Prohibited or Red Light Subsidies

   Prohibited--or red light--subsidies are the most trade distorting subsidies.
n14 They consist of export subsidies and import substitution subsidies.  n15
Export subsidies are those given by a government to domestic producers on the
condition that the subsidized product is exported. They are per se illegal due
to their direct and serious trade-distorting effects.  n16 Import substitution
subsidies consist of government payments to private domestic producers that buy
domestic goods rather than imported goods for use in domestic manufacturing.
They are essentially payments to domestic producers for using domestic, rather
than imported, content. They distort trade by lowering the cost of domestic
content and suppress competition from foreign imports by making it artificially
cheaper to buy domestic content. To give a simple example of both types of
prohibited subsidies, imagine that the United States gives a $ 0.50/bushel
subsidy for all corn that is exported as well as a separate $ 0.50/bushel
subsidy to any U.S. ethanol producer that purchases American corn for use in
ethanol production. The first would be a red light export subsidy and the second
a red light import substitution or domestic content subsidy.

   Both export subsidies and import substitution subsidies are presumptively
illegal under the SCM Agreement, which does not require  [*871]  any further
showing of adverse effect or serious prejudice to other countries. This is
important to keep in mind when considering the interplay between the Agriculture
Agreement and SCM Agreement because the presumption of illegality of red light
subsidies applies to agricultural subsidies as well. Annex I of the SCM
Agreement provide an illustrative list of red light subsidies,  n17 all of which
are per se illegal.

   2. Actionable or Yellow Light Subsidies

   All other subsidies, other than export and import substitution subsidies, are
actionable subsidies. Actionable--or yellow light--subsidies may or may not be
illegal under the SCM Agreement depending on their trade-distorting effect.
Under Article 5 of the SCM Agreement, they can be illegal if they result in
"adverse effects" to other countries.  n18 Article 5 provides several ways for
aggrieved countries to prove adverse effects,  n19 but in practice the most
relevant one  n20 is a showing of "serious prejudice"  n21 either in the form of
price suppression or market share loss.  n22 A subsidy is actionable if it
significantly lowers the price for the subsidized commodity in an applicable
market. Alternatively, a subsidy  [*872]  is actionable if the aggrieved party
can show that the subsidy enabled a country to take a portion of the aggrieved
party's market share for that commodity.

   For example, assume that the U.S. $ 0.50/bushel for corn subsidy we saw
earlier consists of a simple direct payment of $ 0.50/bushel to all U.S. corn
growers instead of being tied to exports or domestic content for manufacturing.
Assume also that Mexico wished to challenge the subsidy. Mexico could not argue
that this subsidy is per se illegal because it is not linked to exports or
domestic content. It is a yellow light subsidy, but Mexico would need to show
serious prejudice. Mexico would prevail if it succeeded in proving that either
(a) the price of corn in the United States fell substantially after the subsidy
was imposed, or (b) the percentage of corn sold by Mexican farmers in the United
States fell by a significant percentage after the creation of the subsidy.

   C. The Agreement on Agriculture

   It is important to keep in mind that drafters of the Agreement on Agriculture
intended it to be the first step in a series of meaningful reforms.  n23 The
preamble describes the Agreement as beginning "a process of reform of trade
agriculture" leading to a trade regime as free from intervention, distortions
and restrictions as possible. The Doha Development Agenda (DDA) of 2001  n24 was
meant to be the second step in this process. Even though agriculture is only one
among many contentious trade issues, by placing it at center stage the DDA has
staked its success on achieving meaningful reforms in agriculture.  n25  [*873]
Therefore, it is of critical importance that Doha yields results on agriculture.

   The Agreement on Agriculture favors transparency, an overall goal of the
world trading regime. Transparency means preferring tariffs above other forms of
regulation. The Agreement on Agriculture admonishes members to convert all
non-tariff barriers into tariffs,  n26 which are initially set (bound) at
generous levels, but which will be reduced by percentages to be agreed upon in
future negotiations like Doha. Because the Agreement on Agriculture failed to
specify a timetable for tariff reductions, negotiators at Doha must now grapple
with how deeply to cut agricultural tariffs.  n27 In addition to lowering
tariffs, members promised to reduce levels of subsidies from 1992 levels, the
year chosen as the baseline for the Agreement on Agriculture. This means that
the subsidies commitments in the Agreement on Agriculture represent "the
ceiling, the upper bound of permissible protection to farm goods."  n28

   Like the SCM Agreement, the Agreement on Agriculture also distinguishes
between export subsidies and domestic support, and domestic support is further
divided into sub-categories, known by their vernacular names as Amber Box, Blue
Box and Green Box.  n29

   1. Export Subsidies

   Unlike the SCM Agreement, the Agreement on Agriculture does  [*874]  not deem
any export subsidies to be per se illegal. Rather, they are subject to limits on
both value and quantity of products to be subsidized. Developed nations
committed to cut export subsidies 36% by value and 21% by quantity of exported
products over a six year period.  n30 Developing nations agreed to similar cuts
of 24% and 14%, respectively, but over a ten year period.  n31 The least
developed countries (LDCs) were not required to commit to any reductions as most
do not have the resources to significantly subsidize exports.  n32 At the Hong
Kong Ministerial Conference in 2005, WTO members reached an agreement in
principle to eliminate all agricultural export subsidies by 2013.  n33 However,
the implementation of such an agreement is left to the Doha Round to resolve,
and so far it has been mired in controversy over myriad issues, such as market
access, special safeguard mechanisms and subsidies.  n34

   Agricultural export subsidies were immune from WTO challenge under the Peace
Clause of the Agreement on Agriculture.  n35 The Peace Clause shielded
challenges under both the Agreement on Agriculture and the SCM Agreement.
However, now that the Peace Clause has expired, they ought to be subject to the
general terms of the SCM Agreement. Even though they are not per se illegal,
n36 they ought to be subject to the same serious prejudice analysis for yellow
light subsidies under the SCM Agreement. Furthermore, it is quite clear that
they would count against a country's overall subsidy reduction commitments.  n37

   Historically, the WTO treated agricultural export subsidies with greater
laxity than other export subsidies. However, three recent events reversed the
trend. The expiration of the Peace Clause, the Upland Cotton case, and the Hong
Kong Ministerial Conference commitment  [*875]  to eliminate agricultural
subsidies by 2013 ushered in an era of greater scrutiny. The first two factors
opened the door to the oversight of the SCM Agreement for the first time. The
third factor brought agricultural export subsidies under the aegis of the Doha
negotiations. The era of special and differential treatment has come to an end.

   2. Domestic Support Subsidies

   The Agreement on Agriculture limits domestic subsidies to differing degrees,
depending on how much they distort production and trade. While the SCM Agreement
takes a definitional approach to subsidies, distinguishing between prohibited
export-related and actionable domestic subsidies, the Agreement on Agriculture
uses an effects approach. It examines the total trade-distorting effect of a
subsidy and caps the most damaging. The Agreement on Agriculture distinguishes
among highly trade-distorting subsidies (Amber Box), minimally trade-distorting
subsidies (Blue Box), and non-trade-distorting subsidies (Green Box).

a. The Amber Box

   Amber Box subsidies are considered to be the most trade-distorting. They
include price support subsidies tied to the current market price of a product or
subsidies directly related to production quantities. Article 6 of the Agreement
on Agriculture defines Amber Box subsidies as all subsidies that do not fall
into the Blue and Green Boxes. For example, a subsidy that calculates payments
to corn farmers based on the difference between the guaranteed price (say $
1.00/bushel) and the market price (say $ 0.80/bushel), resulting in a subsidy of
$ 0.20/bushel, would be an Amber Box subsidy. Amber Box subsidies are subject to
two important restrictions under the Agreement on Agriculture: de minimis
limitations and Total Aggregate Measure of Support (Total AMS). Countries are
allowed to make de minimis payments at agreed upon levels: 5% of agricultural
production for developed countries, 10% for developing countries, and no
limitation for LDCs.  n38 In addition, each country also agreed to slow down or
reduce the use of these subsidies. Developed countries agreed to reduce their
annual domestic support of their Total AMS (based on 1986-88 levels) by 20% over
a six year implementation period beginning in 1995. Developing nations agreed to
Total AMS reductions of 13% over a ten year period. LDCs were  [*876]  again
exempt. For the United States, the Total AMS for Amber Box subsidies at the end
of the six year implementation period was approximately $ 19.2 billion.  n39 Any
Amber Box spending by the United States in excess of $ 19.2 billion is
vulnerable to WTO challenge. In determining the total amount of allowable
subsidies, the characterization of the subsidy at issue as Amber, Blue or Green
Box is therefore quite important.

b. The Blue Box

   Blue Box subsidies are Amber Box subsidies that have been modified to lessen
the trade-distorting effects as much as possible by imposing requirements for
farmers to limit production.  n40 As such, they are often referred to as Amber
Box with conditions. They are considered less trade-distorting than Amber Box
subsidies because they limit rather than encourage production, and therefore are
less likely to lower prices. For example, a subsidy that gives corn farmers a
direct payment of $ 0.05 per acre, provided that they cap corn production at X
bushels per acre or leave a fixed percentage of their acreage fallow, would be a
Blue Box subsidy. Under the Agreement on Agriculture, Blue Box subsidies are
also not subject to any caps or limits on spending. However, there is always the
risk that Blue Box subsidies might be re-characterized as Amber Box and thus
count against the Total AMS reduction commitments.

   Blue Box subsidies are a hot topic of negotiation in the Doha Round. Some
countries believe that keeping the Blue Box unchanged is critical for easing the
transition away from Amber Box subsidies without too much hardship on farmers.
Other countries want to impose limits or reduction commitments on Blue Box
subsidies.  n41 Still others believe the category should be eliminated and all
Blue Box subsidies should  [*877]  count as Amber Box.  n42 The United States is
pursuing a strategy that would expand the ambit of Blue Box subsidies. The
United States eliminated the use of production limiting subsidies in the 1996
Farm Bill, but is currently pursuing the strategy of ensuring that
counter-cyclical payments are shielded as Blue Box subsidies, either by creating
a new category or by re-defining the existing definition of Blue Box subsidies.
n43

c. The Green Box

   Green Box subsidies are those that are not at all, or only minimally,
trade-distorting.  n44 As such, they have to be completely de-coupled from, or
not contingent on, the production of any crop. They also may not provide any
price support or be linked to price levels.  n45 An example would be emergency
payments to all farmers in an area devastated by flooding. Green Box subsidies
are not subject to any caps or limits. Thus, countries should structure their
subsidies as Green Box to the fullest extent possible because they are unlimited
and may increase over time, unlike Amber Box subsidies. Examples of common Green
Box subsidies include conservation and environmental measures, rural school
construction or other rural improvement projects, disaster relief, research and
education, regional development programs, disease and pest control, agricultural
training and extension services, and other programs not tied to the production
of any given crop.  n46

   The concept of Green Box subsidies as such is not under attack in the current
round of negotiations. However, certain types of Green Box payments are
contentious. Some countries have argued in Doha that some Green Box subsidies
may not meet the minimally trade-distorting test, either because of the large
amounts paid or because of the nature of the subsidies themselves. Examples of
subsidies that may be reclassified or limited as a result of the Doha Round
include  [*878]  direct payments to farmers,  n47 decoupled income support,  n48
and government support for income insurance and income guarantee or safety-net
programs.  n49

   3. Expiration of the Peace Clause

   The Agreement on Agriculture contains an extraordinary due restraint  n50
clause in Article 13, known as the Peace Clause.  n51 The Peace Clause shielded
agricultural subsidies from legal challenge under the SCM Agreement for a nine
year period beginning in 1992,  n52 so long as such subsidies did not exceed
levels in 1992. The clause expired on January 1, 2004.  n53

   The Appellate Body held that the Peace Clause did not bar a suit against U.S.
subsidies provided prior to 2004 if those subsidies exceeded limits set out in
the Agreement on Agriculture.  n54 The Appellate Body's interpretation  n55 of
the Peace Clause conforms to general principles of treaty interpretation. The
WTO dispute settlement bodies have made clear that they follow customary norms
of treaty interpretation as enshrined in the 1969 Vienna Convention on the Law
of Treaties.  n56 One such customary norm is to interpret treaties so as to not
[*879]  render any provision unnecessary or redundant.  n57 Extending the
protection of the Agreement on Agriculture to agricultural subsidies even with
the expiration of the Peace Clause would render the Peace Clause both
unnecessary and redundant. It follows that a specifically negotiated  n58
provision like the Peace Clause, added at the last minute in the Blair House
Accord,  n59 would not be mere verbiage.  n60

   The special immunity agricultural subsidies enjoyed disappeared with the
expiration of the Peace Clause. The expiration of the Peace Clause opens up the
possibility for two categories of potential suits: (1) those alleging pre-Peace
Clause violations (such as Brazil's argument in Upland Cotton that U.S. Amber
Box subsidies exceeded agreed upon 1992 levels in the Agreement on Agriculture)
and (2) those alleging post-Peace Clause violations (such as claims of "serious
prejudice"  n61 or "adverse effects"  n62 under the SCM Agreement).

    [*880]  D. U.S. Subsidies Regimes under Farm Bills

   1. Pre-2007 Farm Bills

   The United States revisits its subsidies regime every five years by passing a
new farm bill. The 1996 Farm Bill was the first to seriously grapple with WTO
subsidies rules, marking a clear break with previous farm bills that paid little
heed to international regimes.

   While it is beyond the scope of this article to describe in detail the
various U.S. farm bills,  n63 it is important to have a basic understanding of
their structure to understand both the Upland Cotton case and the current debate
in the Doha Rounds about the 2007 Farm Bill. From the 1930s to the 1990s, U.S.
farm policy developed autonomously with little reference to world trade rules.
The object of U.S. farm bills  n64 during this period was to maintain the
stability of commodity crop prices through a system of production restrictions
and price-contingent loan and payment programs.  n65

   The 1996 Farm Bill  n66 was the first to integrate WTO rules, including the
commitment the United States made in the 1994 Agreement on Agriculture to cap
Amber Box spending at $ 19.1 billion. This marked a drastic change in U.S. farm
policy. More than any other previous farm bills, the 1996 Farm Bill was an
experiment with a free-market approach.  n67 Subsidies under the 1996 Farm Bill
for the same five commodity crops (wheat, corn, upland cotton, rice, and
soybeans) decreased over a seven year implementation period to keep Amber Box
spending  [*881]  under the $ 19.1 billion limit.  n68 This gradual reduction in
subsidies payments was politically acceptable because most believe, that the
increased revenues from agricultural exports under the Agreement on
Agriculture's reduced tariffs would more than offset the loss of the subsidies.
n69

   The 2002 Farm Bill  n70 reversed the course of reducing farm subsidies
undertaken in the 1996 Farm Bill.  n71 Compliance with WTO rules did not seem to
be a large motivating factor behind the 2002 Farm Bill.  n72 The 2002 Farm Bill
reversed the free-market experiment of the 1996 Farm Bill and reinstated prior
direct payment programs.  n73

   Importantly, the 2002 Farm Bill formalized the temporary emergency payments
Congress had appropriated under the 1996 Farm Bill as counter-cyclical payments.
n74 They are calculated using the same base acreage as for direct payments, but
are tied to the difference between a target price for each commodity and the
"effective price" for that commodity.  n75 The "effective price" is defined as
the higher of the average market price or the marketing loan rate added to the
direct payment rate for the commodity.  n76 In essence, counter-cyclical
payments function as price guarantees that shield U.S. farmers from  [*882]
market fluctuations. If the market price is high, counter-cyclical payments will
be low or de minimis. If the market price is low, payments will be high. As with
direct payments, the same planting restrictions for fruits, vegetables, and wild
rice apply.  n77 Brazil attacked the price-contingency and planting restriction
provisions in the Upland Cotton case.

   2. The 2007 Farm Bill

   After much delay, the 2007 Farm Bill was enacted into law on June 17, 2008.
n78 As a policy matter, the 2007 Farm Bill did not depart from its predecessor.
Then-President Bush vetoed the 2007 Farm Bill for failing to achieve the fiscal
policies set by his administration.  n79

   The 2007 Farm Bill as enacted runs afoul of WTO rules in several ways.
Initially, both draft Senate and House versions of the bill contained provisions
to bring the export credit program into WTO compliance. However, neither bill
addressed the problem of counter-cyclical payments and their price-contingent
nature. The 2007 Farm Bill gives producers the option of remaining in the 2002
counter-cyclical payments program or selecting "a new counter-cyclical program
that is triggered when the actual national revenue per acre for each program
crop falls below a national revenue target."  n80

   The new program, called the Average Crop Revenue Election Program or ACRE,
was initiated on December 29, 2008.  n81 The program will be in effect beginning
with the 2009 crop year until the 2012 crop year.  n82 It allows for
counter-cyclical payments when revenues for a particular crop fall below the
guaranteed revenue for that crop. Guaranteed revenue is "based on the five-year
state average yield and the  [*883]  two-year national average price."  n83 ACRE
is the United States' attempt to bring counter-cyclical payments into WTO
compliance by basing them on yields as opposed to prices. However, WTO members
are not satisfied with ACRE. Some have argued that ACRE payments are still Amber
Box and must count against the United States' total amount of support.  n84 Even
though the main consideration is historical yields, payments are still too tied
to price and total revenue. Thus, the new ACRE still has price-contingent
aspects that are problematic from a WTO perspective.

   The WTO had found that certain price-contingent subsidies (direct payments
and counter-cyclical payments) of the 2002 Farm Bill caused serious prejudice in
the form of both market loss and price suppression to the upland cotton market.
n85 The final 2007 Farm Bill also failed to change the problematic aspects of
these price-contingent subsidies.

   For Congress to be serious about WTO compliance, it needs to engage in a
meaningful restructuring of the subsidies programs. The political will might not
be present for such deep reforms. Some members of Congress are openly hostile to
the idea of WTO compliance.  n86 In contrast, the Bush Administration was
committed to reforming the farm bill both to avoid further WTO challenge and to
ensure the 2007 Farm Bill's compatibility with Doha Round agricultural reforms.
n87

   The international community has been watching the progress of the 2007 Farm
Bill closely. Developing countries negotiating at Doha justifiably feel that
they have a great stake in the outcome. Why should they bother to negotiate new
agricultural subsidies terms if the United  [*884]  States will ignore them for
another five years, until the 2012 Farm Bill? Many countries view the 2002 Farm
Bill as an abdication of WTO responsibilities.  n88 A 2007 Farm Bill that is not
WTO compliant is extremely unwelcome to many.  n89 Brazil, for example, has been
patient in pursuing retaliatory trade sanctions for the United States' failure
to fully implement the Upland Cotton decision in part because the 2007 Farm Bill
was pending.  n90 The United States has used the legislative process as an
excuse for foot-dragging. It has the incentive to delay because the contested
subsidies remain in effect pending a final compliance determination. Once it
became clear that the 2007 Farm Bill would not make the requisite changes to
U.S. farm subsidies, Brazil had all the incentives it needed to move forward on
WTO authorization for $ 4 billion in retaliatory trade sanctions.  n91

   E. Why the United States and the WTO are on an Inevitable Collision Course

   The complexity of the WTO regulatory regime and the existence of the Peace
Clause both help explain the dearth of challenges to agricultural subsidies in
the period from 1995-2004. However, we can expect to see an up-swing  n92 in
future litigation in the area for four reasons. First, the Peace Clause expired
in January of 2004,  n93 thereby bringing  [*885]  an end to the negotiated
freeze on litigation for most agricultural subsidies. Second, the suspension of
negotiations in the Doha Round in July 2006  n94 and the subsequent lack of an
agreement on some key agricultural issues,  n95 and the disappointing breakdown
of negotiations in the revived Doha Round talks of July 20 to July 30, 2008,
mean that frustrated parties are more likely to turn to litigation in the face
of stymied negotiations. There is evidence that states were holding off
litigation so long as prospects for a successful conclusion to Doha remained
good.  n96 Third, the 2007 Farm Bill is not fully compliant with WTO rules  n97
and will therefore be vulnerable to WTO challenge.  [*886]  Moreover, subsidy
programs under the 2002 Farm Bill remain subject to WTO challenge because no
statutes of limitations apply. Lastly, Brazil successfully mounted a challenge
to numerous U.S. subsidies programs for cotton in the Upland Cotton case in a
2004 panel decision  n98 that was upheld by the Appellate Body in March of 2005.
n99 In doing so, Brazil blazed a trail for other states to follow in attacking
U.S. subsidies for other commodity crops, including corn. We now turn to a
detailed examination of that case.

   II. TACKLING A GIANT: BRAZIL'S UPLAND COTTON VICTORY AGAINST THE UNITED
STATES

   A. Brazil Won on Five Counts in its Challenge

   In summary, Brazil made five distinct principal arguments against the U.S.
subsidies regime for upland cotton under the 1996 and 2002 Farm Bills.  n100
This Article will discuss each of the five arguments and their ultimate
disposition by the Appellate Body in its final decision.  n101

   1. The Peace Clause Does Not Bar the Suit

   As a threshold matter, Brazil had to show that the Peace Clause of the
Agreement on Agriculture  n102 did not bar its challenge even though the dispute
involved subsidies that were provided from 1999 to 2002, prior to the expiration
of the Peace Clause. Brazil argued that the Peace Clause should not bar the suit
because the United States had forfeited the protection of the Peace Clause by
exceeding its negotiated reduction commitments under the Agreement on
Agriculture.  n103 Brazil argued that the Peace Clause only shielded a small
subset of exempt subsidies, those that fell under pre-negotiated set
commitments.  n104 In other words, the Peace Clause did not function as a
complete shield to litigation.

   Brazil also argued that U.S. cotton subsidies for the 2001 marketing year
were greater than they were in the baseline marketing year of  [*887]  1992.
n105 Recall that the Agreement on Agriculture set floors on subsidies support
based on 1992 levels.  n106 The United States defended on the basis that the
Peace Clause still preempted any actions based on the 1992 marketing year, when
the Peace Clause was in effect.  n107 The WTO panel concluded that Brazil had
successfully proven that current U.S. subsidies exceeded 1992 levels and thus
were no longer shielded by the Peace Clause.  n108 The Appellate Body affirmed.
n109

   The decision on the Peace Clause, which accords with the interpretation
offered in this Article,  n110 is not surprising when one considers the relevant
precedent. A previous panel decision in Canada--Milk explored the relationship
between the Agreement on Agriculture's Peace Clause and the SCM Agreement.  n111
The panel ruled that "[t]he use of export subsidies beyond such scheduled limits
is, in principle, also actionable under the prohibition of Article 3 of the SCM
Agreement."  n112 Although Canada--Milk dealt specifically with export subsidies
, it also affirmed the principle that any subsidy that exceeds the commitment
levels of the Agreement on Agriculture is both subject to, and actionable under,
the SCM Agreement.  n113 The panel and Appellate Body reports in Upland Cotton
affirm this interpretation and apply it beyond export subsidies to all
agricultural subsidies generally. The interpretation makes clear that the
remedies of the SCM Agreement, in particular the unilateral imposition of
countervailing duties, are available for actionable agricultural remedies. As
discussed below in Part IV, the SCM Agreement remedies enable developing
nations, in particular, to protect against harmful subsidies without bringing an
action before the WTO first. Thus, this aspect of the Upland Cotton case, while
not doctrinally surprising, is of particular importance to developing nations.
n114

    [*888]  2. Direct Payments Are Not Green Box Subsidies

   The United States and Brazil disputed the classification of direct payments
to U.S. upland cotton producers under the 2002 Farm Bill.  n115 The United
States believed that direct payments qualified as Green Box  n116 subsidies and
as such were unlimited by the Agreement on Agriculture.  n117 Brazil contended
that direct payments should be classified as Amber Box  n118 subsidies subject
to the reduction and de minimis limits of the Agreement on Agriculture.  n119
The critical WTO text for settling this dispute is Annex 2 of the Agreement on
Agriculture, which sets forth the requirements for Green Box classification and
gives a non-exhaustive list of examples that qualify.  n120 The most important
of the Annex 2 requirements is that Green Box subsidies must be de-coupled, or
not linked to production.  n121 One scholar has succinctly explained that
decoupling generally requires:


     [T]hat the amount of income support payments should not be related to
     the type or volume of production, the domestic or international price
     of products, or the factors of production employed in any year after
     the base period. Furthermore, no production should be required in
     order for the producer to receive such payments.  n122

   In order to qualify as Green Box subsidies, payments must be decoupled not
only from price but also from production. They cannot, in other words, be
crop-based or production volume based. The U.S. government cannot say to farmers
that they get these payments only if they either grow cotton or a fixed acreage
of cotton.

    [*889]  It is important to recall that if a subsidy does not qualify as
Green Box, then it is an Amber Box subsidy by default.  n123 This means that any
subsidy that does not satisfy the classification requirements of Annex 2 is an
Amber Box subsidy that counts against a country's reduction commitments and de
minimis limits. Moreover, Amber Box subsidies are fixed at 1992 levels, while
Green Box subsidies may increase over time. Thus, proper classification is
critical.

   Brazil argued that direct payments could not be classified as de-coupled
because they were reduced or even eliminated if fruits, vegetables, and wild
rice were planted on the covered acreage. Thus, Brazil argued, "the effect of
the [planting] restriction is to funnel production on base acreage into
particular types of crops."  n124 The United States made two arguments in its
defense. First, it pointed out that under the direct payments program, "there
was no requirement that the farmer engage in any production to receive payment
or that the base acreage be used for production."  n125 Second, it argued that
by calculating direct payments on the basis of past acreage,  n126 it had
satisfied Annex 2 by completely decoupling payments from either current
production or market price.  n127

   The WTO panel ruled in Brazil's favor.  n128 The panel found that because
direct payments were contingent on farmers not producing certain crops (fruits,
vegetables, and wild rice), they were production contingent and thus could not
qualify as Green Box subsidies.  n129 In its decision, the panel focused on both
the plain language of the direct payments program in the 2002 Farm Bill  n130
and its actual effect on production, which was to encourage the production of
cotton by "the overwhelming majority" of recipients.  n131 The Appellate Body
affirmed  [*890]  on essentially the same grounds.  n132

   3. The Step-2 Program is an Illegal Export Subsidy

   The Step-2 Program was the only subsidy at issue in Upland Cotton that
applied solely to cotton, and not any other commodity crops.  n133 The Step-2
Program involved direct payments to American cotton growers under certain market
conditions. It provided price supports to ensure that U.S. cotton remained
competitive even when the price of U.S. cotton exceeded world market prices.
n134 It paid exporters and domestic mill users to keep buying U.S. cotton when
U.S. upland cotton prices were high. The effect was to create an economic
incentive for both export and domestic consumption of U.S. upland cotton that
would not have existed otherwise.  n135

   When domestic prices are high, one would expect U.S. cotton millers to buy
cheaper non-U.S. cotton if it is available. Step-2 payments removed the
incentive to do that by giving direct payments to make up the higher cost of
buying domestic cotton. When U.S. cotton prices are higher than the world market
price, one would also expect to see a decrease in U.S. exports. The Step-2
program inoculated against either outcome. The net effect depressed the market
for non-U.S. cotton.

   Brazil argued that Step-2 payments should be characterized as export
subsidies, which are per se illegal under the SCM Agreement.  n136 Brazil
bolstered its argument by pointing out that U.S. exporters are eligible to
receive Step-2 payments only if they provide documentary evidence that they have
exported upland cotton.  n137 As such, the payments are clearly export
contingent. The United States asserted that because Step-2 payments are
available to both domestic mill users as well as exporters, they should be
classified as Amber Box subsidies.  n138

   Once again, the WTO panel and the Appellate Body sided with  [*891]  Brazil.
The panel found that Step-2 payments were in effect given to exporters based on
proof of export, and as such were export contingent.  n139 The panel also
decided that the payments to domestic users constituted an import substitution
subsidy, also prohibited under the SCM Agreement because it explicitly required
the use of domestically produced upland cotton as a pre-condition for receipt of
the payments.  n140 The Appellate Body affirmed and took the opportunity to
expound on how export contingency would be analyzed, in light of past precedent,
such as the U.S.--Foreign Sales Corporations  n141 case.  n142

   The Appellate Body also elaborated on the relationship between the Agreement
on Agriculture and the SCM Agreement in its analysis of the Step-2 program.
n143 The Appellate Body applied the international law treaty interpretation
principle of "effective interpretation,"  n144 which holds that treaties are to
be interpreted to give effect, whenever possible, to all the provisions of the
treaty. In its defense of the Step-2 subsidies, the United States alleged that
because those subsidies complied with the Agreement on Agriculture's terms on
domestic support, they were exempt from the SCM Agreement's Article 3.1 (b)
prohibition on import substitution subsidies.  n145 The Appellate Body rejected
the argument, noting that:


     [A] treaty interpreter must read all applicable provisions of a treaty
     in a way that gives meaning to all of them, harmoniously . . . .
     Article 3.1 (b) of the SCM Agreement can be read together with the
     Agreement on Agriculture provisions relating to domestic  [*892]
     support in a coherent and consistent manner which gives full and
     effective meaning to all of their terms.  n146

   The only interpretation that gives "full and effective meaning"  n147 to the
Peace Clause takes into account its time-limited implementation period, after
which the terms of the SCM Agreement apply. Any other interpretation would
render its specific and differentiated  n148 nine year implementation period
redundant and ineffective.

   4. Export Guarantee Programs Are Not WTO Compliant

   The 2002 Farm Bill contains a number of programs designed to finance exports
of U.S. agricultural products, including cotton and corn.  n149 The programs
increase the demand for U.S. agricultural exports by providing offsets to
tariffs levied on the exports by the importing country.  n150 As we have seen,
the WTO regime scrutinizes export subsidies more closely than domestic subsidies
because of the greater trade-distorting potential.  n151

   The Upland Cotton panel examined two groups of export subsidies:  n152 (1)
the Export Credit Guarantee Programs, also known as GSM 102 and GSM 103, and (2)
the Supplier Credit Guarantee Program,  n153 or SCGP. Each of the GSM 102, GSM
103, and the SCGP is designed to "ensure that credit is available to finance
commercial exports of U.S. agricultural products"  n154 and the programs differ
primarily in the duration of the credit guarantee. Because payment is guaranteed
by the U.S. government, financial institutions can offer a much lower interest
rate to foreign importers of U.S. cotton who applied for the  [*893]  credit
guarantees. These credit guarantees reduce foreign importers' financing costs,
which encourage the purchase of U.S. cotton. The program is particularly helpful
to importers of U.S. agricultural products in developing countries, where credit
would be scarce or too costly without such guarantees.

   The panel in Upland Cotton found the funding mechanisms and risk allocation
of the export guarantee programs most troubling.  n155 First, the panel
concluded that the programs were subsidies because they were backed "by the full
faith and credit of the United States government"  n156 and "are not designed to
avoid a net cost to the government."  n157 Simply put, the guarantees were a net
government benefit for exporters. The SCM Agreement prohibits direct export
subsidies.  n158 Second, the panel was disturbed by the lack of risk-based
premiums  n159 and the lack of loan criteria setting an appropriate risk level
to qualify for a credit guarantee.  n160 This allowed the Commodity Credit
Corporation "to provide large amounts of guarantees to high-risk countries with
a resulting high rate of default," which was compensated by the United States
government.  n161 Thus, both the panel and the Appellate Body  n162
characterized the programs as prohibited export subsidies within the meaning of
the SCM Agreement unless the programs were modified to include a risk-based
premium structure, one in which the operating costs of the programs would be
covered by the premiums, as well as risk assessment criteria.  n163

    [*894]  5. Cotton Subsidies Caused Brazil Serious Prejudice

   Lastly, Brazil argued that U.S. actionable cotton subsidies  n164 "suppressed
upland cotton prices in the U.S., world[,] and Brazilian markets" during the
1999-2002 marketing years.  n165 The effect of the price suppression  n166 was
that U.S. upland cotton garnered a share of the world cotton market "beyond its
equitable share."  n167 The United States claimed that the increase in U.S.
cotton exports was not due to an increase in subsidies, but rather to a decrease
in U.S. domestic textile consumption and manufacturing.  n168

   The panel decision's lack of clarity has made it vulnerable to criticism.
n169 The lack of analytical clarity in the panel report makes it harder to tease
out the most important considerations in the case.

   The logical place to begin is the analysis of serious prejudice based on
price suppression. The panel's price suppression analysis can be divided into
three distinct strands.  n170 Substantively, the panel seemed to focus on the
magnitude of the subsidies, the price contingent nature of the subsidies, and
the effect in terms of limiting production.  n171 Each of these elements
contributed to the ruling that significant price suppression did occur,  n172
which was affirmed by the Appellate Body.  n173  [*895]  Overall, four price
contingent subsidy programs, counter-cyclical payments, Step-2 payments,
marketing loan program payments,  n174 and market loss assistance payments  n175
were found to cause significant price suppression.  n176

   B. Status of U.S. Compliance with U.S.--Upland Cotton Decision: A Study in
Recalcitrance

   1. U.S. Options After Upland Cotton Ruling

   The panel and the Appellate Body both mandated the immediate withdrawal or
revision of offending U.S. cotton subsidies and gave the United States a
reasonable time to do so.  n177 Because WTO decisions are not self-executing,
they require congressional implementation through legislation to eliminate,
alter, or amend the subsidies programs.  n178 Prohibited or per se illegal
subsidies generally have to be withdrawn without delay.  n179 Alternatively, in
the case of actionable subsidies, the Unites States could choose either
withdrawal or the payment of negotiated compensatory damages to Brazil to offset
the injury suffered.  n180 If the United States chooses to do nothing or does
not give full relief, Brazil may seek authorization to suspend concessions or
impose retaliatory trade sanctions.  n181

   The United States has fully complied with only one aspect of the Upland
Cotton decision. It withdrew the Step-2 Program on August 1,  [*896]  2006.
n182 With respect to the direct payments, counter-cyclical payments, export
guarantees, and marketing loan provisions that were found to have caused serious
prejudice to Brazil, the panel mandated that the United States take appropriate
steps to remove the adverse effects of these subsidies or to withdraw them.
n183 On July 1, 2005, the U.S. Department of Agriculture instituted a temporary
fix to the export guarantee program by creating a risk-based fee structure for
two of these programs and eliminating one of them.  n184 The risk-based fee
structure is responsive to the problem identified by the panel in Upland Cotton
that the financial returns of these programs did not cover the operating costs,
thereby making them more like subsidies than insurance programs.  n185 The WTO
may be called upon to assess whether the 2007 Farm Bill has effected full
compliance with Upland Cotton.  n186

   However, compliance with the WTO's findings on counter-cyclical payments
remains an ongoing issue. Counter-cyclical payments are given to eligible
producers (based on historical planted acreage) whenever the baseline price of
their commodity falls below a target price. The price and production contingency
aspects of the counter-cyclical payments lie at the heart of the controversy.
The newly enacted 2007 Farm Bill does not address the issue in a satisfactory
manner.  n187 It not only retained the price and production aspects of
counter-cyclical payments, but extended coverage to include new crops, like
lentils and chickpeas.  n188 Counter-cyclical payments are structured in much
the same way as they were in the 2002 Farm Bill and are therefore non-compliant.
The 2007 Farm Bill does not include ways to decouple counter-cyclical payments
from price and production, thereby making it vulnerable to WTO challenge on that
front as well. One of the negotiating strategies the United States is pursuing
in Doha is to lobby for the creation of a new Blue Box definition that would
shield  [*897]  counter-cyclical payments.  n189 However, thus far, this effort
has been met with resistance, particularly from the most influential bloc of
developing nations, the G-20, led by Brazil and India.  n190 As negotiations are
deadlocked again as of July 31, 2008, the U.S. strategy has not succeeded. Thus,
counter-cyclical payments remain vulnerable to WTO challenge. The 2007 Farm Bill
also failed to address the disqualification of direct payments as Green Box
subsidies.  n191

   Thus far, Brazil has been patient in pursuing legal remedies during the
negotiation of the 2007 Farm Bill in Congress in the hope that the 2007 Farm
Bill would fix or remove the problematic aspects of U.S. subsidies. However,
Brazil's patience has been running out. It has already initiated steps to seek $
4 billion in retaliatory trade measures in compensation,  n192 consisting of $ 3
billion in suspended tariff concessions as well as obligations under the
Agreement on Trade-Related Intellectual Property Rights  n193 and the General
Agreement on Trade in Services.  n194

   2. WTO Review of U.S. Compliance

   The WTO recently reviewed the Upland Cotton case to determine whether or not
recent changes in U.S. agricultural policy were in compliance with the original
rulings. The review was based upon 2006 amendments to the 2002 Farm Bill.  n195
The panel concluded that the U.S. marketing loan provisions and counter-cyclical
payments still  [*898]  failed to comply with Article 7.8 of the Agreement on
Agriculture.  n196 The panel also found that the United States failed to comply
with Articles 8 and 10.1 of the Agreement on Agriculture because of its
continued use of export guarantees resulting in "the circumvention of United
States' export subsidy commitments."  n197 Unsurprisingly, the National Cotton
Council of America was disappointed by the decision, which did not take into
account the new counter-cyclical payment program and the elimination of the
long-term export credit program implemented in the 2007 Farm Bill to bring the
United States into compliance with the Upland Cotton decision.  n198

   Even so, other observers, such as the Institute for Agriculture Trade and
Policy, find that the new 2007 bill undertakes only minor adjustments to the
2002 Farm Bill that will do little to remedy the problems raised in the Upland
Cotton case.  n199 While the new measures may change prospects in the
short-term, the long-term impact remains uncertain.  n200 Brazil, Canada, and
Australia have also voiced concerns that the new 2007 Farm Bill continues to
support illegal cotton subsidies as well as the continued use of
trade-distorting subsidies in general.  n201 Overall, the bill increases support
to cotton farmers and fails to address the concerns articulated in Upland Cotton
and the recent report from the Appellate Body reviewing that decision.

   III. THE IMPLICATIONS FOR U.S. CORN AND ETHANOL SUBSIDIES

   A. U.S. Dominion of World Corn Markets

   The United States is not only the largest producer of corn in the world, but
also the largest exporter.  n202 Over 20% of all corn grown in  [*899]  the
United States is exported.  n203 The United States accounts for an impressive
share of the world corn market. For example, in the 2003-2004 marketing year,
the United States was responsible for 65% of the world's corn exports.  n204
Corn receives generous subsidy support. From 1995-2005, total U.S. support for
corn was over $ 56 billion, compared to $ 21 billion for cotton.  n205 Ethanol
subsidies, an indirect subsidy for corn, totaled between $ 5.1 and $ 7 billion
in 2006.  n206 This Part will assess the applicability of the Upland Cotton case
holdings to corn subsidies as well as discuss the likelihood of a challenge to
corn subsidies.

   B. Is Corn Next?

   Each of the subsidy programs analyzed in the Upland Cotton case applies to
corn, except for the Step-2 program,  n207 which has already been withdrawn.
n208 The support for corn in terms of direct payments, counter-cyclical
payments, export credit guarantees, marketing loan assistance, and LDP programs,
are also substantially similar to the programs for cotton.  n209 All the same
objections to these programs raised in the Upland Cotton case would apply with
equal force. Any challenger would, of course, need to meet the burden of proof
with respect to establishing serious prejudice. This analysis turns on three
factors: the magnitude of the subsidies, the price contingency nature of  [*900]
the subsidies, and the effect on limited production.  n210 The analysis would be
a case-specific one, based on economic data on prices and market shares.

   However, based on the three criteria, a challenger should have little
difficulty establishing serious prejudice. With respect to the magnitude of the
subsidies, corn receives over two-and-a-half times as much in support as cotton
in absolute terms.  n211 This, combined with the fact that the United States is
responsible for a staggering 65% of corn exports worldwide,  n212 makes it
relatively easy to show that U.S. corn subsidies have an effect on world prices.

   Several obstacles to a corn challenge must be overcome. One potential problem
is that corn is less subsidized (as a percentage of cash receipts) at 25% than
cotton at 58%.  n213 However, while this may have an effect on the magnitude of
harm, it is not likely to be dispositive on the question of serious prejudice
because that question involves a holistic analysis of the net economic effect of
the subsidies. The relevant timeframe and timing of a challenge to corn
subsidies may also be problematic. Both the global food market and the U.S. corn
market have been extremely volatile. In the first half of 2008, commodity prices
spiked due to shortages worldwide,  n214 unusual weather volatility in the
American Midwest,  n215 and an increased demand, in the case of corn, for
ethanol due to the unprecedented high cost of gasoline.  n216 Later in  [*901]
2008, the global economic recession brought down both commodity  n217 and fuel
prices.  n218 High volatility presents difficult evidentiary obstacles for a
potential WTO challenger to overcome. Not only would it be harder to meet the
burden of proof for serious prejudice as a statistical matter, but the timing of
the suit becomes more sensitive. As a political matter, it is difficult to
undertake a challenge based on price suppression at a time of depressed prices.

   Thus, it is possible that 2008 may be excluded from a WTO suit based on a
showing of significant price suppression or serious prejudice to non-U.S.
commodity crop growers. However, this does not necessarily mean that a challenge
would not be brought. As we saw in Upland Cotton, one can challenge subsidies
selectively by culling out the years in which significant price suppression did
occur or can be most easily proven. Brazil did this for 1999-2002 in the Upland
Cotton case.  n219 For example, if 2008 was too volatile to sustain proof of
price suppression, a challenger could simply exclude 2008 from the WTO dispute.

   C. U.S. Ethanol Policies--Increasing Incentives for a Corn Challenge

   1. Overview

   Ethanol is no stranger to controversy. Public debate in the United States on
ethanol policies is contentious.  n220 It is beyond the scope of this Article to
canvass the myriad political, economic and environmental  [*902]  arguments for
and against ethanol. The literature on this question is already extensive, and
by no means conclusive.  n221 Nonetheless, it may be helpful to delineate some
of the major arguments in the domestic policy debate to better understand the
international policy debate.

   Ethanol's proponents argue that it is necessary to decrease dependence on
fossil fuels.  n222 They argue is a cheaper alternative to oil and gas.  n223
Ethanol is also environmentally friendly because it relies on plentiful
renewable plant resources rather than non-renewable fossil fuels.  n224 Ethanol
is also less polluting than conventional fuel.  n225 Others  [*903]  concede
that ethanol is imperfect, but is a critical first step in building
infrastructure for other alternative renewable energy recourses.  n226 Ethanol
opponents argue that it is in fact not cheaper once one takes into account the
full costs of ethanol production.  n227 The environmental benefits disappear if
the costs of farming, conversion, and transportation are added.  n228 Still
others decry ethanol as a sop to powerful political forces. These detractors
point out that ethanol can be produced much more cheaply from switch grass,
sugarcane, and other crops besides corn.  n229 These critics point to the $ 0.54
per gallon tariff on Brazilian sugarcane based ethanol as proof that the main
impetus behind U.S. ethanol policy is protectionism of its domestic corn-based
industry.  n230 This Article does not ultimately take a position on the
political, economic and environmental benefits of ethanol from a domestic policy
perspective. However, this Article argues that U.S. ethanol policies are very
problematic from an international trade policy perspective. Corn is king in U.S.
ethanol policy. Because U.S. ethanol subsidies are overly skewed towards corn,
n231 they heighten the risk of a WTO challenge against corn.

   The structure of ethanol subsidies heightens the likelihood of a future corn
challenge in two major ways. First, U.S. ethanol policy increases the total
amount of corn subsidies, thereby giving corn growing nations a reason to sue at
the WTO. These complainants would challenge the effect of these subsidies on the
world market,  [*904]  either through a price suppression or loss of market
share analysis. Second, by supporting corn-based ethanol more than other
biofuels based on sugarcane or switch grass, U.S. ethanol policy gives non-corn
based biofuel producing nations a reason to sue at the WTO. Thus, U.S. ethanol
policies create added incentives for a corn challenge by expanding the pool of
potential challengers to U.S. subsidies.

   2. Current Ethanol Subsidies Too Focused on Corn

   In addition to subsidizing corn as a commodity crop, the United States also
provides significant federal  n232 support for ethanol production. U.S. support
of biofuels through tax incentives, initially motivated by volatile oil prices,
n233 began in 1978.  n234 Ethanol leads other biofuels in terms of total
support. Support is given both to blenders and producers. Currently, the
American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 provides incentives, in the form of an excise
tax credit, to ethanol blenders.  n235 Under the Volumetric Ethanol Excise Tax
Credit (VEETC), ethanol blenders receive an excise tax credit of $ 0.51 per
gallon of ethanol used.  n236 This provision is scheduled to expire in 2010,
n237 but is likely to be renewed, if not expanded. The VEETC is unlimited,
detached from gasoline prices, and applies to both domestic and imported
ethanol.  n238

   Support is also given to ethanol producers. Established by the Omnibus Budget
Reconciliation Act of 1990, the Small Ethanol Producer Credit program provides a
tax credit of $ 0.10 per gallon of ethanol produced.  n239 Each producer may
receive the credit for the first  [*905]  15 million gallons of ethanol
produced.  n240 The Energy Policy Act of 2005 expanded the standard for
qualification as a small producer from production of 30 million gallons or less
to production of 60 million gallons or less of ethanol.  n241 The expiration
date of the provision appears to have been extended from December 31, 2007 until
December 31, 2010.  n242

   The Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1980 established a 2.5% ad valorem
tax and a $ 0.54 per gallon tariff on ethanol imports into the United States,
with exceptions for most Caribbean Basin Initiative nations.  n243 Supporters of
the tariff assert that it is necessary for the survival of the domestic ethanol
industry in the face of competition from the cheaper, sugar-based ethanol from
Brazil.  n244 The tariff also prevents the tax credit provided by VEETC, which
makes no distinction between domestic and foreign ethanol, from subsidizing
foreign ethanol producers at the expense of domestic tax payers.  n245 Opponents
of the tariff assert that it results in lower domestic supply by suppressing
cheap imports, thereby increasing domestic fuel prices.  n246

   The U.S. Treasury estimated that it would lose $ 2.6 billion in tax revenue
annually because of the tax credits provided by the VEETC program during the
years 2005-2011.  n247 During 2006, demand for ethanol exceeded the estimates
and a 2007 report predicted actual losses to exceed estimates.  n248 Unless tax
incentives are reduced, the goals set by the Energy Independence and Security
Act of 2007 (EISA) will cause the amount of revenue lost from the incentives to
continue increasing. The EISA increased the mandated Renewable Fuel Standard
(RFS) established by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. The Energy Policy Act of
2005 created an RFS that mandated the use of 7.5 billion  [*906]  gallons of
ethanol in 2012 and increasing to a level of 8.6 billion gallons in 2022.  n249
The new standard under EISA requires 9 billion gallons in 2008 and increases to
36 billion gallons by 2022, all of which will be subject to the VEETC tax credit
under current legislation.  n250 In addition to federal support, many states
subsidize their ethanol industries through various programs, including direct
payments to producers and tax incentives.  n251

   3. Economic and Environmental Concerns

   Ethanol proponents highlight both "energy security" and "environmental
benefits"  n252 as major advantages of U.S. ethanol policy. By providing a
domestic substitute for foreign oil, the United States would be less susceptible
to the fluctuations of world oil markets.  n253 A reduction in oil consumption
by the United States, one of the world's largest oil consumers, would decrease
world demand for oil and lower world prices, allowing the United States to
purchase the oil it uses, in addition to ethanol, at lower prices.  n254 The
economic costs associated with the regime are increased production and
distribution costs, and deadweight loss associated with government regulation of
the industry.  n255

   The environmental benefits are a reduction in greenhouse gases and improved
air quality, resulting from the cleaner emissions of ethanol relative to
gasoline.  n256 To realize the goal of reduced emissions, biofuel policies must
consider the emissions and soil erosion and infertility associated with forest
conversion.  n257 The Hahn and Cecot study estimated the benefits, in terms of
average health and benefit value, of ethanol displacement of gasoline to range
from $ 300 million to $ 600 million.  n258 The environmental costs of the
support program stem from  [*907]  increased emissions required for ethanol
production and distribution.  n259 The study concluded that costs of the ethanol
subsidy programs developed through U.S. legislation exceed the benefits by $ 1
billion to $ 3 billion annually.  n260

   The primary reason that the costs of support exceed the benefits so
dramatically is that ethanol, when made of corn or soy, has almost negligible
environmental benefits.  n261 Soybeans and corn are both input-intensive row
crops.  n262 They require heavy levels of fertilizer and pesticides, which are
carried off, along with soil, by precipitation.  n263 Fertilizer and pesticides
"are the major cause of nitrogen runoff--the harmful leakage of nitrogen from
fields when it rains--of the type that has created the so-called dead zone in
the Gulf of Mexico, an ocean area the size of New Jersey that has so little
oxygen it can barely support life."  n264 The billions of dollars in subsidies
combined with the pollution associated with corn and soy-based ethanol seem to
greatly outweigh the modest efficiency advantage it carries over fossil fuels.
n265

   There is a consensus that corn alone is not energy efficient enough to one
day produce ethanol at levels to ensure energy independence for the United
States.  n266 However, though corn is not the most efficient energy source, when
oil prices are high enough, it becomes a competitive alternative to oil.  n267
The immediate effect of high oil prices and tax incentives for ethanol is to
encourage the use of corn ethanol. Continued use of corn ethanol as fuel, which
is only feasible through subsidization of the industry,  n268 will further
commit the alternative energy industry to corn-based ethanol through the
creation of infrastructure and market, likely at the expense of development of
more efficient energy sources.  n269 If the current programs continue, there are
two  [*908]  possible outcomes. The programs may provide the necessary
jump-start to create the infrastructure and technologies to allow the ethanol
industry to function without government support. Alternatively, if corn-based
ethanol is simply economically inefficient,  n270 the industry will require
increasingly greater governmental support for survival.  n271

   4. Additional Policy and Equity Concerns

   The use of commodities traditionally used for food, such as corn, for fuel
creates a tighter link between fuel and food markets. As oil prices increase,
alternative fuels become more competitive and demand for them increases.  n272
When oil prices reach $ 60/barrel levels, biofuels become competitive in some
countries, even with existing technologies.  n273 As demand for alternative
fuels increases, the prices of the input commodities also rise.  n274 Rises in
commodity prices resulting from biofuel expansion "[are] also accompanied by a
net decrease in the availability of and access to food, with calorie consumption
estimated to decrease across all regions compared to baseline levels."  n275

   "[S]ubsidies for biofuels that use agricultural production resources are
extremely anti-poor because they implicitly act as a tax on basic food, which
represents a large share of poor people's consumption expenditures, and food
becomes even more costly as prices increase."  n276 An increase in the price of
a commodity such as corn increases food prices generally. As the price of corn
increases, more land will be used to produce corn at the expense of other
commodities, which decreases the supply of those commodities, and ultimately
increases the price of the commodities whose production has been replaced by
corn.  n277 The increased use of corn-based ethanol in the United States has
been identified as a major contributor to the current  [*909]  global food
crisis.  n278 The new close relationship between oil prices and corn demand
created by the surge of corn-based ethanol has not only increased the global
price of corn and food prices generally, but some argue that it has transferred
the volatility of the oil market to the corn market and other commodity markets.
n279

   D. Likelihood of a Corn/Ethanol Challenge

   Brazil has some special incentives to challenge U.S. ethanol subsidies.
Brazil's alternative energy program, focused on sugar-based ethanol, is
considered to be the most successful in the world.  n280 Sparked by oil crises
in the 1970s, the United States and Brazil both initiated ethanol programs
during the same time period.  n281 However, domestically produced ethanol
currently accounts for much more of Brazilian energy than that of the United
States, and the Brazilian ethanol industry is much less dependent on
governmental support.  n282 Currently, renewable energy comprises forty percent
of Brazilian consumption.  n283

   Brazil's success is often attributed to the ability of the dictatorial
government to mandate minimum ethanol requirements, which provided a consistent
demand.  n284 The government also invested in ethanol infrastructure, such as
ethanol pumps at almost all filling stations, making distribution feasible and
ethanol accessible throughout the country.  n285 Another reason for Brazilian
success is its focus on sugar, from which it produces ethanol today at about
half of the cost of the corn-based ethanol produced in the United States.  n286
Brazil also used similar incentives to those currently used by the United States
to make ethanol competitive with gasoline, subsidizing sugarcane producers
[*910]  and taxing ethanol at rates significantly lower than gasoline.  n287
During periods of low gasoline prices during the 1980s and 1990s, subsidies that
would have allowed ethanol to compete with gasoline became too expensive and
were reduced.  n288 However, the government maintained minimum ethanol content
requirements, which allowed Brazil to retain ethanol infrastructure.  n289 With
infrastructure established, the ethanol industry experienced resurgence with the
recent rise in gasoline prices, currently producing enough ethanol to replace
460 million barrels of oil per year.  n290 Despite Brazil's success, its access
to U.S. ethanol markets is currently blocked by prohibitive U.S. tariffs against
imported ethanol.  n291 This provides yet another incentive for Brazil to
challenge U.S. ethanol and corn policies.

   IV. ASSESSING THE SIGNIFICANCE OF U.S--UPLAND COTTON

   Brazil's successful challenge to U.S. upland cotton subsidies is extremely
significant for a number of reasons. It is the first WTO decision to apply the
rules and remedies of the SCM Agreement to agricultural subsidies that cause
serious prejudice. Prior to the case, it was thought that the Peace Clause of
the Agreement on Agriculture preempted any challenge under the SCM Agreement.
This interpretation, rejected in the case, meant that the remedies of the SCM
Agreement are available for agricultural subsidies for the first time. The SCM
Agreement provides stronger remedies, including the unilateral imposition of a
duty to offset the effect of a subsidy (a countervailing duty). Thus, the case
stands for the proposition that a complainant can levy countervailing duties,
per the SCM Agreement, against any subsidies that do not comply with the terms
of the Agreement on Agriculture.

   The decision implies that developing nations may now avail themselves of a
powerful new remedy against trade-distorting agricultural subsidies, by imposing
countervailing duties to offset their effect. Moreover, an injured party may do
so unilaterally under the SCM Agreement.  n292 The WTO is likely to uphold
countervailing duties levied in response to trade-distorting subsidies.
Short-term benefits accrue even if countervailing duties do not survive WTO
challenge.  [*911]  The preferred WTO remedy is the timely withdrawal of an
illegal subsidy, on a prospective basis. However, WTO disputes are lengthy, and
foot-dragging in compliance is common. Therefore, countervailing duties, even if
imposed on a temporary basis, mitigate a subsidy's harm. Injured WTO members may
now respond quickly to a subsidy without resort to the costly and time-consuming
dispute settlement process.  n293 Such a remedy is particularly beneficial to
developing nations that may not have the resources or expertise to pursue a
dispute before the WTO.  n294 Prior to the Upland Cotton case, it was not clear
if the countervailing duty remedy of the SCM Agreement was applicable to any
agricultural subsidies because of the Peace Clause.  n295 This point in itself
makes Upland Cotton a landmark decision.

   In addition, the case is a classic David versus Goliath  n296 tale--the first
case in which a developing nation, albeit a middle-income agricultural giant,
successfully challenged the agricultural subsidy programs of a powerful
developed nation. It is the first dispute in WTO history to challenge domestic
subsidies for the production of cotton and the first WTO decision involving
export subsidies for agricultural products. It is also the first WTO case to
rule on the legality of agricultural export credit guarantees. Lastly, it is the
first WTO case to clarify the meaning  [*912]  of Green Box subsidies.

   The Upland Cotton case is also a landmark case as a normative matter on two
distinct levels. First, it suggests a number of criteria for WTO member nations
to follow in structuring their farm subsidies programs. Factors that should be
taken into account include the magnitude of the subsidies, price contingency,
production contingency, and the actual effect and impact of the subsidies in
influencing production. Second, Upland Cotton suggests important lessons to
guide the Doha Round of negotiations on agricultural subsidies and beyond. The
next section will detail the international governance lessons that can be
distilled from the case, lessons which transcend agricultural subsidies, the
WTO, and apply to all fields of public international law.

   V. NORMATIVE LESSONS FOR INTERNATIONAL GOVERNANCE: THE OPPORTUNITY TO REVERSE
POLITICAL CAPITULATION

   A. Litigation or Negotiation

   Agricultural subsidies are the subject of heated debate in the current Doha
Round of negotiations. Negotiators convened on July 21, 2008 to consider, among
many other agenda items, a new set of draft formulas for cutting subsidies.
n297 Those talks failed to achieve a consensus due in large part to an impasse
on special safeguard mechanisms for developing nations to impose higher tariffs
in some circumstances, such as a large import surge.  n298 Even though some
significant gains were made, and no one seems prepared to throw in the towel on
the Doha Round, this recent collapse represents a tremendous lost opportunity.
Not only is more litigation guaranteed, but the very legitimacy of the WTO may
be in jeopardy.  n299

   The failure to reach a final agreement during last summer's restart of the
Doha Round has several important ramifications. First, developing countries are
likely to feel more acutely that the WTO has little to offer  [*913]  them if
the so-called Doha Development Round is not brought successfully to a close. The
fact that this round stalled over safeguard measures for developing nations is
indicative of the mood of disillusionment by some powerful developing nations.
Failure of Doha and the mood of recalcitrance, if continued, are virtually
certain to lead to more litigation.

   Increased litigation, particularly against developed nations like the United
States, comes with significant systemic costs. The remedies available for
victorious challengers include the imposition of higher tariffs and other import
restrictions on the products of the losing nations. The remedies are not limited
to the subject of the original litigation. Thus, a victory in a case against
corn subsidies may well mean higher tariffs on U.S. cars and other manufactured
goods.  n300 If the United States begins to lose more cases, the result may
contract U.S. exports, thereby increasing the American trade deficit. In a time
of recession or economic contraction, this can hardly be a desirable outcome.

   Complainants also undertake significant costs. Litigation at the WTO is
complex, lengthy, and costly. It requires dedicating resources that may be
needed elsewhere, such as expanding trade capacity or negotiations. Moreover,
even if litigation were successful, in the sense of resulting in a winning WTO
decision, it may be minimally effective in terms of enforceable remedies.  n301
The lack of meaningful remedies is particularly problematic for small developing
nations and may dampen their enthusiasm to initiate litigation. However, the
problem is less pronounced for middle-income or large developing nations like
Brazil or India.

   More litigation in the WTO will inevitably mean more litigation on
agriculture. Brazil's Upland Cotton victory will become a blueprint for many
developing countries to use in their individual or collective challenges to
subsidies programs. While greater resort by developing nations to the WTO's
dispute settlement system is beneficial in many ways,  n302 it also comes at a
cost to the system. It is beyond the scope of this Article to canvass all the
costs and benefits of more litigation. However, one aspect of the trend merits
closer study because it goes to  [*914]  the very heart of the balance between
judicial and political power. The question may be posed as "What effect would
greater litigation in the area of agricultural subsidies have on the power of
the WTO dispute settlement body vis- -vis the political branch, the General
Council, which consists of all member nations?"

   B. Balancing Judicial and Legislative Power

   Tomer Broude advances a very useful descriptive model of WTO governance, with
an emphasis on relative judicial power.  n303 He shows convincingly that the
WTO's dispute settlement mechanisms and the Appellate Body in particular were
designed to be relatively weak as an institutional matter. Most of the power,
including the power to adopt decisions by the dispute settlement bodies, vested
in the political body, the general membership wearing the hat of the Dispute
Settlement Body. Nonetheless, the Appellate Body is powerful relative to other
supranational adjudicative bodies, only because the General Council has failed
to exhibit political leadership at critical times and has effectively ceded
power to the Appellate Body to make decisions the General Council should have
tackled.

   Political capitulation is exemplified most recently by the failure to reach a
final agreement in the July 2008 round of negotiations at Doha. Failure, for
example, to finalize clearer definitions of and caps on Blue Box and Green Box
subsidies means that the Appellate Body will eventually have to give such
"clarifications" and "interpretations," much in the same way it did in Upland
Cotton with respect to Green Box subsidies.

   The resulting shift in the balance of power from the General Council or
Ministerial Conferences, the political branch of the WTO, to the Appellate Body,
the judicial branch, is problematic on a number of different levels. First, it
was not the intended outcome.  n304 The WTO's constitutive documents, the WTO
Agreement and other agreements reached in the Uruguay Rounds, contemplate a
relatively weak judicial branch. Most of the important power is vested in the
General Council and the Ministerial Conference.

   The intended outcome argument can be exaggerated, however. It is descriptive
of how the dispute settlement process was supposed to work, but not necessarily
prescriptive. A strictly "originalist" interpretation  [*915]  of WTO
constitutive documents would preclude the flexibility to adapt to circumstances.
Some commentators view the WTO judicial bodies' ability to assume new roles as a
positive attribute that is necessary to fulfill the constitutional promise of
the WTO. These commentators argue that such flexibility enables the WTO to play
a role not just in international trade, but in other areas like human rights and
environmental protection.  n305

   While these broader constitutional arguments in favor of WTO judicial
flexibility and expansion are compelling, they do not apply with equal force to
the area of agricultural subsidies. There are two main reasons why the problems
with agricultural subsidies discussed in this Article can not be resolved by
litigation alone. The first reason stems from the very nature of agricultural
subsidies and the second reason relates to political sensitivities of Doha.

   First, the regulation of agricultural subsidies is complex, and the analysis
of their effect on trade is so economically and factually specific, that
piecemeal adjudication is not ideal. Because nations structure their
agricultural subsidies very differently, it would take numerous WTO cases to
provide definitive guidance on which subsidies are legal and which ones are not.
As we have seen for U.S. corn and ethanol subsidies, a country often applies
dramatically different subsidies structures for the same commodity crop. The
result is that it is very difficult to affect broad reforms through litigation
alone. For example, one can easily imagine a situation in which one WTO suit
attacks U.S. direct payments to corn growers while another tackles U.S.
subsidies to ethanol distillers who purchase corn.

   Second, agricultural subsidies are very politically sensitive for developing
nations. Many developing nations view agricultural subsidies as a litmus test
for the WTO's relevance and responsiveness to their needs.  n306 Due to resource
restraints, litigation cannot be the primary strategy for change for the
majority of developing nations. Nonetheless, these nations need reassurance that
their voices will be heard in the WTO negotiation process. They are placing a
lot of weight on the Doha Round culminating in a good negotiated result.

   Trade ministers meeting at the Doha Round certainly have the power  [*916]
to make all the problems with agricultural subsidies discussed in this article
disappear by reaching an agreement on new rules and limits on agricultural
subsidies. However, they have thus far failed to do so. Negotiations stall due
to deadlock. By their inaction and capitulation of their constitutional role,
the political body leaves thorny questions for panels and ultimately the
Appellate Body to decide. For example, rather than agreeing on new definitions
of Blue Box and Amber Box subsidies that would resolve some of the issues raised
in Upland Cotton, those questions remain for panels and the Appellate Body to
address in subsequent cases.

   Such a result is not optimal. First, it can take years for these issues to be
resolved through litigation, as most cases take years to resolve. Some
notoriously difficult issues have been pending before the WTO for twenty years
or more, left over from the GATT era. Even as these issues are resolved in
cases, the disposition is likely to be piecemeal as panels and the Appellate
Body are always careful to address only questions directly before them.

   Moreover, the balance of power issues are even more intractable. States may
well object to the piecemeal resolutions of these issues as judicial
overreaching. After all, they ought to be resolved through political agreement.
Over-reliance on judicial determinations may also undermine transparency,
democratic input and accountability. All of these goals are important to all
branches of the WTO. On the other hand, litigation and political negotiation may
not be binary choices. They can complement each other. As this Article has
argued, future litigation on corn and ethanol subsidies is highly probable.
Additional litigation may push political actors to the negotiation table and
achieve consensus at Doha. On the other hand, prolonged failure to bring
difficult negotiations to successful closure is highly problematic. For these
reasons, trade ministers must take the opportunity to reach agreement on at
least agricultural subsidies and market access issues in Doha. It is simply too
valuable a chance to reverse the current trend of political capitulation to pass
up.

   VI. CONCLUSION

   As the world becomes increasingly integrated, the webs that link us become
more and more intricate. Thus, rice shortages and rising prices in Asia lead to
rationing in American Costco and Sam's Club stores.  n307  [*917]  Subsidized
kerosene (similar to jet fuel) used for cooking fuel by the poor in India and
Indonesia contribute to the rising costs of plane tickets worldwide.  n308 In
such a brave new world, an appreciation of complexity and inter-connectedness is
indispensable. Equally indispensable is an understanding of the complex
international regime that governs agriculture and subsidies. In a world of food
shortages, high fuel costs and global warming, it is impossible to remain
ignorant of the WTO's impact on such issues through regulation of food and other
subsidies. Cases such as Upland Cotton will have an impact well beyond the
esoteric field of international agricultural trade law. This Article situates
the Upland Cotton case in a broad global context, showing how it can extend to
corn and ethanol subsidies, and frames the case as an important development in
the debate regarding the balance of power between developed and developing
nations, supranational and domestic regulation, and WTO judicial and political
power.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
International Trade LawForfeitures & PenaltiesGeneral OverviewInternational
Trade LawImports & ExportsCountervailing DutiesSubsidiesTransportation
LawPrivate VehiclesTraffic RegulationTraffic Control DevicesYellow Lights

FOOTNOTES:





n1  See Panel Report, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton, WT/DS267/R
(Sept. 8, 2004) [hereinafter Panel Report Upland Cotton]; see generally
Appellate Body Report, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton, WT/DS267/AB/R
(Mar. 3, 2005) [hereinafter Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton]; Richard H.
Steinberg, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton, 99 AM. J. INT'L L. 852
(2005) (describing and critiquing the Panel Report Upland Cotton).





n2  Certain provisions in the GATT did apply to agricultural products prior to
the creation of the WTO agreements during the Uruguay Round, such as, to a
limited extent, GATT Article XVI. See Fabian Delcros, The Legal Status of
Agriculture in the World Trade Organization, 36(2) J. WORLD TRADE 219, 223-24
(2002).





n3  Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1A, Agreement on
Subsidies and Countervailing Measures, Apr. 15, 1994, 33 I.L.M. 1125, available
at http://www.wto.org/english/docs_e/legal_e/24-scm.pdf (last visited on Mar.
23, 2009) [hereinafter SCM Agreement].





n4  Agreement on Agriculture, Apr. 15, 1994, 1867 U.N.T.S. 410, 33 I.L.M. 1226,
reprinted in THE LEGAL TEXTS: THE RESULTS OF THE URUGUAY ROUND OF MULTILATERAL
TRADE NEGOTIATIONS 43 (1999), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/docs_e/legal_e/14-ag.pdf (last visited on Mar. 23,
2009) [hereinafter Agreement on Agriculture].





n5  See infra note 12.





n6  Many reasons have been offered for this exceptionalism, many of them rooted
in culture, history and politics. See generally MARSHA A. ECHOLS, FOOD SAFETY
AND THE WTO: THE INTERPLAY OF CULTURE, SCIENCE, AND TECHNOLOGY 29-30 (Springer
2001) (explaining the relationship between agriculture and cultural development
throughout history). Agricultural food production has deep cultural and
historical significance for all human societies. Many nations cleave to the
belief that protecting domestic food supply by assisting domestic farmers is a
matter of national interest. For example, American farm policy is still very
much driven by notions of "food security" and "food supply autonomy." See
generally Mark Nord and Heather Hopwood, A Comparison of Household Food Security
in Canada and the United States, United States Department of Agriculture,
Economic Research Service, No. 67 (2008) (demonstrating the importance of food
security in both United States and Canadian agriculture policy). In addition,
nations that rely extensively on a single food crop, such as rice for many Asian
nations, are often reluctant to rely on food imports of that staple crop. See
e.g., James R. Moore, Unlocking the Japanese Rice Market: How Far Will the Door
be Opened?, 9 TRANSNAT'L LAW 273, 276-79 (1996) (explaining the significance of
rice in Japanese culture and Japan's reluctance to allow rice imports in the
interest of preserving the economy in addition to the nation's well-being
overall). Lastly, the farming industry wields significant political clout, even
in countries like the United States where agriculture represents only 1% of the
GDP. See Christopher K. Leman & Robert L. Paarlberg, The Continued Political
Power of Agricultural Interests, in AGRICULTURE AND RURAL AREAS APPROACHING THE
TWENTY-FIRST CENTURY 32, 34-35 (R.J. Hildreth et al. eds., 1988) (asserting that
despite the decline of farm production in the United States, farmers retain
substantial political clout).





n7  While the Agreement on Agriculture is the principal document governing trade
in agriculture, it is linked to other WTO agreements, such as the SCM Agreement,
discussed in detail supra note 3.





n8  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 21.





n9  Id. art 21.1. Article 21 provides that "[t]he provisions of GATT 1994 and of
other Multilateral Trade Agreements in Annex 1A to the WTO Agreement shall apply
subject to the provisions of this agreement." See also Delcros, supra note 2, at
249.





n10  See generally MICHAEL K. YOUNG, UNITED STATES TRADE LAW AND POLICY 68-70
(1st ed. 2001) (succinct and persuasive discussion of the economic and political
rationale for regulating subsidies).





n11  Actionable, yellow, and non-actionable.





n12  Under the WTO system, member states confronted with illegal subsidies may
choose between a multilateral solution and a unilateral one, but not
simultaneously or cumulatively. The aggrieved party can initiate a WTO dispute
settlement procedure to seek the removal of the subsidy by another WTO member.
In this situation, the SCM Agreement governs. In the alternative, it can choose
to unilaterally impose a countervailing (or off-setting) duty on the subsidized
import. The unilateral approach usually begins when a domestic industry injured
by subsidized imports from another country initiates a countervailing duty
investigation under its own domestic laws. If the investigation finds that the
subsidy is present and is more than de minimis (more than 1% of the ad valorem
value), then it can impose a duty on the subsidized import that countervails or
offsets the financial advantage of the subsidy. The findings of the domestic
countervailing duty investigation are also subject to WTO review under the SCM
Agreement. The countervailing duty is designed solely to level the playing field
by neutralizing the effect of the subsidy. It is not punitive, nor does it
require the subsidizing foreign government to remove its subsidy, although it
creates pressure to do so by removing the benefit of the subsidy, at least for
the one relevant import market.





n13  The SCM Agreement and GATT allow for the imposition of countervailing
duties as a remedy against trade distorting subsidies.





n14  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3, arts. 3, 4.





n15  SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 3.1.





n16  See YOUNG, supra note 9, at 68-69 (explaining how export subsidies distort
trade); see also Tsai-Yu Lin, Remedies for Export Subsidies in the Context of
Article 4 of the SCM Agreement: Rethinking Some Persistent Issues, 3 ASIAN J.
WTO & INT'L HEALTH L. & POL'Y 21 (2008) (explaining the harmful effects of
export subsidies on developing countries as well as WTO member states through
supporting WTO case law).





n17  SCM Agreement, supra note 3, Annex I.





n18  Id., art. 5.





n19  Id. ("No Member should cause, through the use of any subsidy . . . adverse
effects to the interests of other Members . . . ."). Article 5 identifies three
types of adverse effects: "(a) injury to the domestic industry of another
Member; (b) nullification or impairment of benefits accruing directly to other
Members under GATT 1994 . . . [and] (c) serious prejudice to the interests of
another Member").





n20  See Matthew C. Porterfield, U.S. Farm Subsidies and the Expiration of the
WTO's Peace Clause, 27 U. PA. J. INT'L ECON. L. 999, 1011 (2006).





n21  SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art 5. For an excellent exposition of the
challenges involved in prosecuting "injury to domestic industry" or
"nullification and impairment" claims, see Richard H. Steinberg & Timothy E.
Josling, When the Peace Ends: The Vulnerability of EC and US Agricultural
Subsidies to WTO Legal Challenge, 6 J. INT'L ECON. L. 369, 379-85 (2003).





n22  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3 arts. 6.3(a)-(d). Serious prejudice in the
sense of paragraph (c) of Article 5 may arise in any case where one or several
of the following apply:

   (a) the effect of the subsidy is to displace or impede the imports of a like
product of another Member into the market of the subsidizing Member;

   (b) the effect of the subsidy is to displace or impede the exports of a like
product of another Member from a third country market;

   (c) the effect of the subsidy is a significant price undercutting by the
subsidized product as compared with the price of a like product of another
Member in the same market or significant price suppression, price depression or
lost sales in the same market; or

   (d) the effect of the subsidy is an increase in the world market share of the
subsidizing Member in a particular subsidized primary product or commodity as
compared to the average share it had during the previous period of three years
and this increase follows a consistent trend over a period when subsidies have
been granted.





n23  JOHN CROOME, RESHAPING THE WORLD TRADING SYSTEM: A HISTORY OF THE URUGUAY
ROUND II, 30-31 (World Trade Organization 1995) (1987) (detailing the
negotiation history of the Uruguay Rounds and describing the agreement on
agriculture as a crucial first step).





n24  The Doha Development Agenda was announced in the Ministerial Conference
Declaration launching the Doha Round of trade talks. See World Trade
Organization, Ministerial Declaration of 14 November 2001, PP 13-14,
WT/MIN(01)/DEC/1, 41 I.L.M. 746 (2002) [hereinafter Doha Declaration].





n25  Sungjoon Cho, Doha's Development, 25 BERKELEY J. INT'L L. 165, 170 (2007);
see also Melaku Geboye Desta, Agriculture and the Doha Development Agenda: Any
Hopes for Improvement?, in ESSAYS ON THE FUTURE OF THE WTO: FINDING A NEW
BALANCE 149, 149 (Kim Van der Borght et al. eds., 2003) (explaining that
agriculture was the "deal-maker" of the Doha conference); U.S. Government
Accountability Office, World Trade Organization: Early Decisions Are Vital to
Progress in Ongoing Negotiations, Report to Congressional Requesters 12-13
(2002), available at http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d02879.pdf (last visited Mar.
23, 2009).





n26  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 4.2.





n27  See Cho, supra note 25, at 171, 185-86; see also Nadia E. Nedzel,
Anti-Dumping and Cotton Subsidies: A Market Based Defense of Unfair Trade
Remedies, 28 NW. J. INT'L L. & BUS. 215, 268-69 (2008) ("[E]xact details and
modalities of the liberalization of trade with regard to agricultural subsidies
remains a sticking point in WTO negotiations.").





n28  MITSUO MATSUSHITA, THOMAS J. SCHOENBAUM & PETROS C. MATROVIDIS, THE WORLD
TRADE ORGANIZATION: LAW, PRACTICE, AND POLICY 301 (2006); see also Article 3.2
of the Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, which provides, "[s]ubject to the
provisions of Article 6, a Member shall not provide support in favour of
domestic producers in excess of the commitment levels . . . of its Schedule."
Article 6 exempts certain domestic measures from the calculation of its support
and asserts that "a Member shall be considered to be in compliance with its
domestic support reduction commitments in any year in which its domestic support
in favour of agricultural producers . . . does not exceed" levels specified in
that Member's commitment schedule. See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4,
art. 6.1, 6.3.





n29  WTO lawyers and policy-makers clearly love colors. The terms Amber Box,
Blue Box and Green Box do not appear in the Agreement on Agriculture, but are
used ubiquitously, both within the WTO and the academic literature. See World
Trade Organization, Backgrounder, Domestic Support in Agriculture: The Boxes,
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/agric_e/agboxes_e.htm (last visited Mar. 23,
2009) [hereinafter The Boxes].





n30  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, arts. 3.3 & 8-9.





n31  Id.





n32  Id. art 15.2.





n33  World Trade Organization, Doha Work Programme: Ministerial Declaration, P
6, WT/MIN(05)/DEC. (Dec. 18, 2005), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/thewto_e/minist_e/min05_e/final_text_e.htm (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n34  See Cho, supra note 25, at 174-76; see also discussion infra in Part I.C.





n35  See discussion infra in Part I.C.





n36  The Hong Kong Ministerial Conference agreement for the complete elimination
of export subsidies in agriculture suggests that members view them as
prohibited.





n37  All subsidies count towards a country's total agricultural subsidy
reduction commitments. See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, arts. 6-7
(noting exemptions for a limited number of minimally distorting Green Box
subsidies, referenced in Annex 2, and providing exceptions for developing
nations).





n38  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 6.4.





n39  Domestic Support: Total AMS Commitments, United States Schedule of
Concessions in Goods, Annexed to Marrakesh Protocol, G/MA/W/23/Rev.3 Schedule
XX, Part IV § I (last updated May 16, 2006), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/schedules_e/goods_schedules_table_e.htm
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n40  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 6.5.





n41  See The Boxes, supra note 29; see also Jess Phelps, Much Ado About
Decoupling: Evaluating the Environmental Impact of Recent European Union
Agricultural Reform, 31 HARV. ENVTL. L. REV. 279, 289-90 (2007) (explaining the
differences among the subsidies and the effect of recent reforms on encouraging
green box subsidies); Stephen J. Powell, The Cotton and Sugar Subsidies
Decision: WTO's Dispute Settlement System Rebalances the Agreement on
Agriculture, 10 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 287, 311-21 (2005) (explaining the benefits
and effects of green box subsidies in comparison to amber or blue box subsidies
).





n42  See The Boxes, supra note 29.





n43  Office of U.S. Trade Representative, Doha Development Agenda Policy Brief:
Implications of the U.S. Agriculture Proposal on Trade-Distorting Domestic
Support (2005) at 2, available at
http://www.ustr.gov/assets/Document_Library/Fact_Sheets/2005/asset_upload_file41
4_8527.pdf (last visited Mar. 23, 2009) [hereinafter USTR Implications].
Counter-cyclical payments, like direct payments, are based on historic
production and do not require current production of any specific commodity for
eligibility.





n44  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, Annex 2, P 1.





n45  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, Annex 2.





n46  Id.





n47  Id., P 5.





n48  Id., P 6.





n49  Id., P 7. Government supported insurance programs that did not generate
enough revenue to cover expenses were struck down in Upland Cotton, see
discussion infra Part II.A.4.





n50  Article 13 of the Agreement on Agriculture is entitled "Due Restraint." See
Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 13.





n51  Id.





n52  Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 1(f) ("implementation period"
means the six-year period commencing in the year 1995, except that, for the
purposes of Article 13, it means the nine-year period commencing in 1995).





n53  Id.





n54  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 363.





n55  See discussion infra Part II.





n56  The U.N. International Law Commission Convention on the Law of Treaties was
negotiated in Vienna on May 23, 1969, and came into force on January 27, 1980.
The text of the treaty is available at
http://untreaty.un.org/ilc/texts/instruments/english/conventions/1_1_1969.pdf
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009), reprinted in 8 I.L.M. 679. See Steven P. Croley &
John H. Jackson, WTO Dispute Procedures, Standard of Review, and Deference to
National Governments, 90 AM. J. INT'L L. 193, 200 (1996) (stating that Uruguay
Round negotiators intended to refer specifically to the 1969 Vienna Convention
on the Law of Treaties to guide treaty interpretation for dispute settlement
procedures of the DSU). The Appellate Body has confirmed explicitly that Article
3.2 of the DSU references the rules of treaty interpretation set out in the
Vienna Convention in United States--Standards for Reformulated and Conventional
Gasoline, WT/DS2/AB/R (May 20, 1996), part III.B. But see Philip Nichols, GATT
Doctrine, 36 VA. J. INT'L L. 379, 422-24 (1996) (noting problems with the
incorporation theory, including that the Vienna Convention predates GATT, that
the United States is not party to the Convention, and that the Convention may
not be a codification of general international law).





n57  Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties, art. 31, Jan. 27, 1980, 1155
U.N.T.S. 331; see also Report of the International Law Commission to the General
Assembly, 19 U.N. GAOR Supp. (No. 9) at 27, U.N. Doc. A/5809 (1964) (commentary
on the drafting of articles 69-71 of the Vienna Convention explaining that where
there are two conflicting interpretations of a treaty provision, the one that
best addresses the object and purpose of the provision should prevail);
Interpretation of Peace Treaties with Bulgaria, Hungary and Romania (Second
Phase), Advisory Opinion, 1950 I.C.J. 221, 229 (Jul. 18, 1950) ("The principle
of . . . effectiveness, cannot justify the Court in attributing to the
provisions . . . a meaning which . . . would be contrary to their letter and
spirit."); Report of the International Law Commission to the General Assembly,
U.N. Doc. A/CN.4/167/Add.3 (1964), reprinted in [1964] 2 Y.B. Int'l L. Comm'n
60, U.N. Doc. A/CN.4/SER.A/1964/Add.1 (citing H. LAUTERPACHT, THE DEVELOPMENT OF
INTERNATIONAL LAW BY THE INTERNATIONAL COURT 229 (rev. ed. 1958)) (illustrating
that when the International Law Commission was determining whether or not to
include an express provision for this principle, it only contemplated the
applicable interpretation to extend to the scope of the intent of the parties
and no further); R. Hakan Berglin, Treaty Interpretation and the Impact of
Contractual Choice of Forum Clauses on the Jurisdiction of International
Tribunals: The Iranian Forum Clause Decisions of the Iran-United States Claims
Tribunal, 21 TEX. INT'L L.J. 39, 60-63 (1985) (noting that "effective
interpretation" was not expressly included in the Vienna Convention on the Law
of Treaties to prevent misuse of the principle for unintended interpretations of
treaty provisions).





n58  Another example of the specifically negotiated terms of the Peace Clause is
its nine year implementation period, whereas all other provisions of the
Agreement on Agriculture have a six year implementation period. See Agreement on
Agriculture, supra note 4, arts. 1(f), 13.





n59  See Desta, supra note 25, at 179.





n60  See also, Porterfield, supra note 20, at 1010.





n61  SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 5.





n62  Id.





n63  Many commentators provide excellent summaries and analyses of past U.S.
Farm Bills. See, e.g., Jon Lauck, After Deregulation: Constructing Agricultural
Policy in the Age of "Freedom to Farm," 5 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 3, 9-19 (2000)
(providing a history of pre-1996 farm policy in the United States); Porterfield,
supra note 20, at 1002-05; see generally, Farm Bills--The National Agricultural
Law Center, http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/farmbills/ (last visited Mar. 23,
2009) (providing a history of farm bill legislation from 1985 through the
present including relevant government documents and background information on
each bill).





n64  The farm bill is a large omnibus reauthorization with a budget of
approximately $ 16.5 billion and covers not only farm subsidies, but also
programs for environmental conservation, nutrition programs, and loans for farm
ownership as well as funding for research related to these programs.





n65  See Lauck, supra note 63 at 13.





n66  See Federal Agriculture and Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, §§ 111-113(b), 110 Stat. 888 (1996) [hereinafter 1996 Farm Bill].





n67  See Nathan Watson, Federal Farm Subsidies: A History of Governmental
Control, Recent Attempts at a Free Market Approach, the Current Backlash, and
Suggestions for Future Action, 9 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 279, 280 (2004).





n68  See 1996 Farm Bill, supra note 66, at § 113(a) (imposing a gradual
reduction in production flexibility contract payments, which replaced deficiency
payments under the prior Farm Bill for the same commodity crops, ending in
fiscal year 2002).





n69  See Lauck supra note 63, at 24-31.





n70  See Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, Pub. L. No. 107-171,
116 Stat. 134 (2002) [hereinafter 2002 Farm Bill].





n71  U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., 2007 FARM BILL THEME PAPERS, RISK MANAGEMENT 20
(2006), available at http://www.usda.gov/documents/Farmbill07riskmgmtrev.pdf
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009) ("The 2002 Farm Bill was developed under a budget
that permitted spending to increase by about $ 8 billion per year above the
levels projected under a continuation of the 1996 Farm Bill.") [hereinafter U.S
DEP'T OF AGRIC., RISK MANAGEMENT PAPER]; see also Daniel A. Sumner, Boxed In:
Conflicts Between U.S. Farm Policies and WTO Obligations, in TRADE POL'Y
ANALYSIS No. 32, 4 (CATO Institute 2005) (noting that farm subsidies were
increased in the 2002 Farm Bill).





n72  Rather than decreasing subsidies support, the 2002 Farm Bill increased
spending by $ 73 billion, of which $ 51 billion went to subsidies. See Nick J.
Scuillo, "This Woman's Work" in a "Man's World": A Feminist Analysis of the Farm
Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002, 28 WHITTIER L. REV. 709, 715 (2006).
However, the 2002 Farm Bill did contain a provision that requires the U.S.
Secretary of Agriculture to modify or restrict commodity payments to avoid
exceeding WTO domestic subsidies ceilings per U.S. commitments. See STEVEN
ZAHNISER, ED YOUNG & JOHN WAINIO, RECENT AGRICULTURAL POLICY REFORMS IN NORTH
AMERICA 8 (2005), http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/WRS0503/wrs0503.pdf.





n73  See U.S DEP'T OF AGRIC., RISK MANAGEMENT PAPER, supra note 71, at 19.





n74  2002 Farm Bill § 1104.





n75  2002 Farm Bill § 1104.





n76  2002 Farm Bill § 1104.





n77  2002 Farm Bill § 1106.





n78  Office of the Press Secretary, Farm Bill Veto Message, WHITE HOUSE, May 21,
2008, available at
http://georgewbush-whitehouse.archives.gov/news/releases/2008/05/20080521-4.html
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n79  See id.





n80  See University of Kentucky, College of Agriculture, Summary of H.R. 2419
(2007 Farm Bill), available at
http://www.uky.edu/Ag/AgEcon/farmbill/pubs/hr2419Aug07.html (last visited Mar.
23, 2009).





n81  USDA, Farm Bill Accomplishments, Jan. 9, 2009, available at
http://www.usda.gov/documents/fbJan09.pdf (last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n82  USDA, Farm and Commodity Policy: Program Provisions: Average Crop Revenue
Election (ACRE), Oct. 9, 2008, available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/FarmPolicy/ACRE.htm (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n83  See Farm Bill, House Comm. on Agriculture, 2008 Farm Bill Commodity Title:
Investing in a Strong Safety Net that Ensures a Stable Food Supply, available at
http://www.agriculture.house.gov/inside/Legislation/110/FB/Conf/Title_I_fs2.pdf
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n84  See Sophia Murphy and Steve Suppan, The 2008 Farm Bill and the Doha Agenda,
INSTITUTE FOR AGRICULTURE AND TRADE POLICY, June 25, 2008, 1-2,
http://www.iatp.org/iatp/commentaries.cfm?refID=103103 (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n85  See discussion infra Part II.





n86  House Agriculture Chairman Colin Peterson even went as far as to say "I
want a bill that is good for agriculture. If somebody wants to sue us (at the
WTO), we've got a lot of lawyers in Washington." See INSTITUTE FOR AGRICULTURE
AND TRADE POLICY, A Fair Farm Bill for the World, available at
http://www.agobservatory.org/library.cfm?refid=97624 (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); see also Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, Understanding the US
Farm Bill: US WTO Commitments and the Farm Bill, available at
http://www.iatp.org/iatp/publications.cfm?accountID=258&refID=99970 (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009) (stating that some members of Congress have claimed they
will disregard WTO commitments in drafting the farm bill).





n87  See William J. Futrell, The IUCN Sustainable Soil Project and Enforceable
Failures, 24 PACE ENVT'L. L. REV. 99, 125 (2007).





n88  See David Bennette, Forces Driving Farm Bill Debate: Budget, WTO, Farm
Conditions and Politics, DELTA FARM PRESS, Mar. 17, 2006,
http://deltafarmpress.com/news/06-03-17-driving-farm-bill/ (last visited Mar.
23, 2009); see also New US Farm Bill Upsets WTO Partners, Could Hurt Developing
Countries, BRIDGES WKLY. TRADE NEWS DIG., May 15, 2002,
http://ictsd.net/i/news/bridgesweekly/5584/ (last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n89  See Jonathan Lynn, Farm Bill Attracts Criticism at WTO Talks, REUTERS, May
26, 2008,
http://www.reuters.com/article/politicsNews/idUSL2611868820080526?sp=true (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009); see also Stu Ellis, The Farm Bill, The WTO, and The
Cornbelt Farmer, THE FARM GATE, Mar. 24, 2008,
http://www.farmgate.uiuc.edu/archive/2008/03/the_farm_bill_t.html (last visited
Mar. 23, 2009).





n90  See generally Panel Report, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton,
WT/DS267/RW (Dec. 18, 2007).





n91  Id.





n92  There is already evidence of such an upswing. In January 8, 2007, Canada
filed a challenge to U.S. farm subsidies programs. See Request for
Consultations, United States--Subsidies and other Domestic Support for Corn and
other Agricultural Products, WT/DS357 (Jan. 8, 2007), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/dispu_e/cases_e/ds357_e.htm (last visited
Mar. 23, 2009). Soon thereafter, Brazil filed a similar, but broader, suit
against the United States. See Request for Consultations, United
States--Domestic Support and Export Credit Guarantees for Agricultural Products,
WT/DS365 (July 11, 2007), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop_e/dispu_e/cases_e/ds365_e.htm (last visited
Mar. 23, 2009).





n93  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 13; see also Porterfield,
supra note 20, at 1008.





n94  See Doha Round Suspended Indefinitely after G-6 Talks Collapse,
BRIDGES-WEEKLY TRADE NEWS DIGEST, July 26, 2006 ("The Doha Round of trade
negotiations was put into deep freeze on 24 July, after a meeting of ministers
from six key trading nations collapsed over divisions on how to cut farm
subsidies and tariffs."); see also In the Twilight of Doha, ECONOMIST, July 29,
2006, at 63. Pascal Lamy, the Director General of the WTO commented on the
suspension, "Today there are only losers . . . . The feeling of frustration,
regret and impatience was unanimously expressed by developing countries this
afternoon." Pascal Lamy's statements are available at
http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/news06_e/mod06_summary_24july_e.htm (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009). Little progress was made in 2007, but Pascal Lamy, the
Director General of the WTO, believes that the round may be concluded in 2008
following the issuance of new draft framework deals from the chairs of the WTO
negotiating committees on agriculture and industrial goods trade expected in
late January of 2008. These reports should contain proposals, called modalities,
for expanding market access for agricultural and industrial products by
developing nations. On December 18, 2007, Pascal Lamy stated in his report to
the General Council that "If we agree on modalities early next year, I believe
that we should be able to conclude the Round before the end of 2008." Available
at http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/news07_e/tnc_chair_report_dec07_e.htm.
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009). Negotiators did agree on a draft framework of
modalities for subsidies reduction on February 8, 2008. See World Trade Org.,
Draft Blueprints Issued for Final Deal on Agricultural and non-Agricultural
Trade, (Feb. 8, 2008), available at
http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/news08_e/ag_draft_modalities_feb08_e.htm (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009). The initial response to the draft framework has not been
very promising, however. Press Release, Institute for Agriculture and Trade
Policy, New WTO Agriculture Text Falls Short-Again (Feb. 8, 2008), available at
http://www.iatp.org/iatp/press.cfm?refid=101542 (last visited Mar. 23, 2009);
see also David Blandford et al., Implications of the WTO February 2008 Draft
Agricultural Modalities for the United States, at 5, available at
www.ifpri.org/events/seminars/2008/20080501/20080501USLabordeetal.pdf (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n95  See generally Cho, supra note 25.





n96  See GLOBAL SUBSIDIES INITIATIVE, Brazil Files Another WTO Complaint against
U.S. over Farm Subsidies, (2007), available at
http://www.globalsubsidies.org/en/subsidy
-watch/news/brazil-files-another-wto-complaint-against-us-over-farm-subsidies
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009) (stating that "[T]he latest Brazilian move comes as
the United States and Brazil have locked horns in negotiations aimed at
concluding the Doha Round of WTO talks . . . Negotiations on these two issues
between the G-4--the United States, the EU, India and Brazil--fell apart last
month, resulting in the group itself being disbanded.").





n97  See supra Part I.D.





n98  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 1.77





n99  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 763.





n100  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1.





n101  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1.





n102  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 13; see also supra notes
61-70 and accompanying text.





n103  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, 2-3.





n104  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 13(b) (ii).





n105  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.354-7.355.





n106  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, arts. 6.1, 6.3.





n107  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.339.





n108  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 3.1 (i).





n109  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 363.





n110  See infra discussion, Section II.A.1.





n111  Panel Report, Canada-Measures Affecting the Importation of Milk and the
Exportation of Dairy Products, WT/DS103/R (May 17, 1999) [hereinafter
Canada--Milk].





n112  Id. P 7.21.





n113  The panel in Canada--Milk also went on to note "[h]owever, by virtue of
Article 13 (c) (i) [the Peace Clause], of the Agreement on Agriculture, export
subsidies that conform fully to Part V of the Agreement on Agriculture are
exempt from actions based on Article 3 of the SCM Agreement for the duration of
the 'implementation period.'" This confirms the interpretation that the
protected afforded by the Peace Clause lasts only for the implementation period,
which expired in January 2004. Id. See also MATSUSHITA ET AL., supra note 28, at
297.





n114  See infra Part IV and accompanying footnotes.





n115  See infra Part I.D.1 for a description of the direct payments program
under the 2002 Farm Bill.





n116  See infra Part I.C.2(c) for a description of Green Box subsidies.





n117  See The Boxes, supra note 29.





n118  See supra Part I.C.2(a) and accompanying notes for a description of Amber
Box subsidies.





n119  Id.





n120  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, Annex 2; see also Desta, supra
note 25, at 176-77.





n121  See Desta, supra note 25, at 177.





n122  See id.





n123  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 7; see also Panel Report
Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.358; see also Kevin C. Kennedy, The Incoherence
of Agricultural, Trade, and Development for Sub-Saharan Africa: Sowing the Seeds
of False Hope for Sub-Saharan Africa's Cotton Farmers, 14 WTR KAN J. L. & PUB.
POL'Y 307, 317 (2005).





n124  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.358.





n125  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.360.





n126  See supra Part II.A.2 (description of direct payments).





n127  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.360.





n128  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 8.1 (c).





n129  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 8.1 (c).





n130  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.384-7.387 (concluding
that limitations based on the planting of specific crops or the choice of
planting nothing nonetheless significantly constrained farmer choices).





n131  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.384-7.387.





n132  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 341-42.





n133  See 2002 Farm Bill § 1207.





n134  See RANDY SCHNEPF, BRAZIL'S WTO CASE AGAINST THE U.S. COTTON PROGRAM: A
BRIEF OVERVIEW 2 (Congressional Research Service Reports 2008), available at
http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RS22187.pdf (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); see also Michael J. Shumaker, Tearing the Fabric of the World Trade
Organization: United States Subsidies on Upland Cotton, 32 N.C.J. INT'L L. &
COM. REG. 547 (2007).





n135  SCHNEPF, supra note 134; see also Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note
1, P 7.732.





n136  See supra Part I.B.1.





n137  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.679-82.





n138  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 3.5; see also Appellate
Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 47-55.





n139  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.749.





n140  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.1019; see also Stephen
J. Powell & Andrew Schmitz, The Cotton and Sugar Subsidies Decisions: WTO's
Dispute Settlement System Rebalances the Agreement on Agriculture, 10 DRAKE J.
AGRIC. L. 287 (2005).





n141  Panel Report, United States--Tax Treatment for "Foreign Sales
Corporations"--Recourse to Article 21.5 of the DSU by the European Communities,
WT/DS108/RW, Jan. 14, 2002 (adopted Jan. 29, 2002).





n142  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 578-81.





n143  Id. at PP 529-52.





n144  See supra note 57 and accompanying text. See also Steinberg & Josling,
supra note 21, at 375; Didier Chambovey, How the Expiry of the Peace Clause
(Article 13 of the WTO Agreement on Agriculture) Might Alter Disciplines on
Agricultural Subsidies in the WTO Framework, 36(2) J. WORLD TRADE 305, 308-09
(2002).





n145  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 3.1(b); see also supra Part I.B.1
(export subsidies of SCM Agreement).





n146  Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 549 (internal
quotation marks omitted).





n147  Id.





n148  See Agreement on Agriculture, supra note 4, art. 1 (f) (the
"implementation period means the six-year period commencing in the year 1995,
except that, for the purposes of Article 13, it means the nine-year period
commencing in 1995").





n149  See MATSUSHITA ET AL., supra note 28, at 261.





n150  Id.





n151  See supra Part I.B.1.





n152  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Foreign Agric. Serv., Fact Sheet: Export Credit
Guarantee Program (March 2007),
http://www.fas.usda.gov/info/factsheets/gsm102-03.asp (last visited Mar. 23,
2009) [hereinafter Export Credit Guarantee Program].





n153  U.S. Dep't of Agric., Foreign Agricultural Service, Fact Sheet: Supplier
Credit Guarantee Program (March 2006),
http://www.fas.usda.gov/info/factsheets/scgp.asp (last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n154  Id.





n155  The U.S. did not defend its export guarantee programs on substantive
grounds. Rather, it relied on a procedural defense which neither the panel nor
the Appellate Body found persuasive. The U.S. argued that as Brazil had not
adequately raised the issue during the consultation phrase, it should be barred
from raising it before the panel. Both the panel and the Appellate Body rejected
the procedural defense. See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 3.5;
Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 56-57, 62-69.





n156  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.858.





n157  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.857.





n158  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 3.1.





n159  "[T]he the premiums are not risk based, either with respect to country
risk or the creditworthiness of the borrower in an individual transaction." See
Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.861.





n160  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.857-61.





n161  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.863.





n162  Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1 PP 609-11.





n163  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.863-69; Appellate Body
Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 609-11; see also SCM Agreement, supra
note 3, art. 10.1.





n164  The price suppression argument applies to all actionable or yellow-light
subsidies, which excludes the prohibited export subsidies and import subsidies
discussed supra in Parts I.B.1,2. See also SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 5.





n165  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 3.1 (vi)-(viii);
Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 94-96, 496.





n166  See infra Part I.B.2 for a description of how a price suppression analysis
generally proceeds; see also SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 5.





n167  Id.





n168  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 7.1336.





n169  "[W]e believe that, in its reasoning, the Panel could have provided a more
detailed explanation of its analysis of the complex facts and economic arguments
arising in this dispute. The Panel could have done so in order to demonstrate
precisely how it evaluated the different factors bearing on the relationship
between the price-contingent subsidies and significant price suppression." See
Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 458. See also Richard H.
Steinberg, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton, 99 AM. J. INT'L L. 852,
860 (2005) ("[T]he panel's causation analysis [. . .] lacked rigor and
specificity, which may diminish the persuasiveness and effectiveness of the
decision.").





n170  The Panel describes the "significant price suppression" analysis as being
comprised of three separate inquiries: (1) whether price suppression exists; if
so, (2) whether it is significant; and (3) whether the price suppression is the
effect of the subsidies. Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP
7.1275-7.1315 ("price suppression"); PP 7.1316-7.1333 ("significant"); PP
7.1334-7.1363 ("effect of the subsidy").





n171  See infra Part III.B for an application of these factors to corn.





n172  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 8.1(g) (ii).





n173  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, PP 763(c)(1)-(2).





n174  See 2002 Farm Bill § 1201; see also U.S. Dep't of Agric., Economic
Research Service, Farm and Commodity Policy: Program Provisions: Marketing
Assistance Loans and Loan Deficiency Payments,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/Briefing/FarmPolicy/malp.htm (last visited Mar. 23,
2009) [hereinafter Marketing Assistance and LDPs].





n175  See 2002 Farm Bill § 1205; see also Marketing Assistance and LDPs, supra
note 174.





n176  See Appellate Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 496.





n177  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.1502; see also Appellate
Body Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 384.





n178  See RANDY SCHNEPF & JASPER WOMACH, POTENTIAL CHALLENGES TO U.S. FARM
SUBSIDIES IN THE WTO: A BRIEF OVERVIEW 2, (2006), available at
http://fpc.state.gov/documents/organization/76911.pdf (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n179  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 4.7.





n180  See SCHNEPF & WOMACH, supra note 178, at 2; see also Tsai-yu Lin, Remedies
for Export Subsidies in the Context of Article 4 of the SCM Agreement:
Rethinking Some Persistent Issues, 3 ASIAN J. WTO & HEALTH L. & POL'Y 21 (2008).





n181  See SCM Agreement, supra note 3, art. 7.9; see also SCHNEPF & WOMACH,
supra note 178, at 6.





n182  See Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-171, § 1103, 120 Stat.
4; see also U.S. DEP'T OF AGRIC., FOREIGN AGRIC. SERV., BRIEFING ROOMS, COTTON:
POLICY (Nov. 20, 2008),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/briefing/cotton/specialprovisions.htm (last visited Mar.
23, 2009) [hereinafter Cotton: Policy].





n183  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 1, P 7.1503.





n184  See SCHNEPF, supra note 134, at 3.





n185  See Panel Report Upland Cotton, supra note 2, P 7.861.





n186  See SCHNEPF, supra note 134, at 6.





n187  See discussion supra Part I.D.2





n188  See U.S. DEPT. OF AGRICULTURE, ECONOMIC RESEARCH SERVICE, 2008 Farm Bill:
Side-by-Side, available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/farmbill/2008/titles/TitleIcommodities.htm#directccp
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n189  USTR Implications, supra note 43 at 2. Counter-cyclical payments, like
direct payments, are based on historic production and do not require current
production of any specific commodity for eligibility. See infra Part I.C.





n190  See Porterfield supra note 20, at 1025; see also GROUP OF 20, DRAFT
ELEMENTS FOR DISCUSSION--BLUE BOX (2005),
http://www.sagpya.mecon.gov.ar/new/0-0/programas/negociaciones/Omc/g20_06.pdf,
1-2 (last visited Mar. 23, 2009); see generally Cho, supra note 25, at 170-72
(describing the strong role played by the G-20 on agricultural negotiations at
the Cancun Ministerial Conference).





n191  See SCHNEPF, supra note 134, at 6.





n192  Id. at 4.





n193  Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, Dec.
15, 1993, Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex
1C, Legal Instruments--Results of the Uruguay Round vol. 31, 33 I.L.M. 81
(1994).





n194  General Agreement on Trade in Services, Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh Agreement
Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 1B, Legal Instruments--Results
of the Uruguay Round, vol. 31, 33 I.L.M. 1167 (1994).





n195  Appellate Body Report, United States--Subsidies on Upland Cotton, Recourse
to Article 21.5 of the DSU by Brazil, P 328, WT/DS267/AB/RW (June 2, 2008).





n196  Id. at P 448 (c) (i).





n197  Id. at P 448 (b) (iv).





n198  National Cotton Council of America, NCC Disappointed in WTO Appellate Body
Ruling (June 2, 2008), available at
http://www.cotton.org/news/releases/2008/wtobraz.cfm (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n199  See supra note 84, at 3.





n200  Id.





n201  Trade: DSB adopts rulings in U.S.-Brazil cotton dispute, TWN INFO SERVICE
ON WTO AND TRADE ISSUES (Third World Network), June 23, 2008, available at
http://www.twnside.org.sg/title2/wto.info/twninfo20080618.htm (last visited Mar.
23, 2009).





n202  U.S. Grains Council, http://www.grains.org/corn (last visited Mar. 23,
2009). See generally Morning Zhou, Corn closes higher after falling below $ 5 a
bushel: USDA increases output forecast by 573 million bushels, MARKETWATCH, Aug.
12, 2008, available at
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/corn-closes-higher-after-falling/story.asp
x?guid=%7B39C6AB4A-F3E2-48F4-A5FF-C564E34CB26D%7D (last visited Mar. 23, 2009)
(citing 2008 statistics on U.S. corn production).





n203  See U.S. Grains Council, supra note 202.





n204  Id.





n205  Environmental Working Group's Farm Subsidy Database, Top Programs in the
United States, 1995-2006, http://farm.ewg.org/farm/region.php?fips=00000 (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009) [hereinafter Farm Subsidy Data Base].





n206  DOUG KOPLOW, BIOFUELS--AT WHAT COST? GOVERNMENT SUPPORT FOR ETHANOL AND
BIODIESEL IN THE UNITED STATES--2007 UPDATE 68 (Global Subsidies Initiative
2007), available at
http://www.globalsubsidies.org/files/assets/Brochure_-_US_Update.pdf (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n207  See William Gillon, The Panel Report in the U.S.-Brazil Cotton Dispute:
WTO Subsidy Rules Confront U.S. Agriculture, 10 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 7, 27 (2005)
(stating that the Step-2 program is specific to upland cotton).





n208  See infra Part II.B.1.





n209  See Jayne Thomisee, The Cotton Debate: A Global Industry Argues Over
Government Subsidies, WORLDVIEW MAGAZINE,
http://www.worldviewmagazine.com/issues/article.cfm?id=163&issue=39 (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009) (describing how the Step-2 program increases cotton
subsidies by paying domestic mills and exporters the difference between the high
cost of domestically-produced cotton and the comparatively low cost of
foreign-produced cotton, to encourage domestic sales).





n210  See supra note 170 and accompanying text.





n211  See Farm Subsidy Database supra note 205 and accompanying text.





n212  See supra note 2 and accompanying text.





n213  See SCHNEFP, supra note 178, at 3.





n214  See Paul Krugman, Grains Gone Wild, N.Y. TIMES, Apr. 7, 2008, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/07/opinion/07krugman.html (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); see also Greg Robb, Did Fed Rate Cuts Help Boost Food Prices?: The
Central Bank Focused on Protecting the Economy vs. Fighting Inflation,
MARKETWATCH, May 6, 2008,
http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/fed-rate-cuts-helped-boost/story.aspx?guid
=%7B020C072E-11B1-4DB6-B48E-EB6F9DDD2C5E%7D (last visited Mar. 23, 2009)
(discussing the price hikes attributed to the worldwide shortage of rice).





n215  See Elton Robinson, Harvest will Reveal Impacts of Midwest Floods, DELTA
FARM PRESS, Aug. 5, 2008, available at
http://deltafarmpress.com/markets/weather-harvest-0805/ (last visited Mar. 23,
2009) (discussing projections for lower yields for American fall harvests
attributed to the floods in Iowa, Nebraska, and the rest of the mid-west).





n216  See Summer Natural Gas Costs at Unprecedented Highs, Congressional Action
Long Overdue, REUTERS, Jul. 15, 2008, available at
http://www.reuters.com/article/pressRelease/idUS210678+15-Jul-2008+PRN20080715
(last visited Mar. 19, 2009); see also Rural U.S. Takes Worst Hit as Gas Tops $
4 National Average, N.Y. TIMES, June 09, 2008, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2008/06/09/business/09gas.html?scp=25&sq=gas%202008&st=cs
e (last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n217  See Thomas Helbling, Commodity Boom is Over, FINANCE & DEVELOPMENT, A
QUARTERLY MAGAZINE OF THE IMF, December 2008, available at
http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2008/12/web_helbling.htm (last visited
Mar. 23, 2009).





n218  See ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION, Short-term Energy Outlook, January
13, 2009, at 1, available at http://www.eia.doe.gov/steo (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n219  See supra note 165.





n220  See e.g., Michael Kraft, Editorial, Ethanol is Awful, PITTSBURGH
POST-GAZETTE, Mar. 12, 2007, at B6, available at
http://www.post-gazette.com/pg/07071/768708-110.stm (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); Editorial, Don't Back off on Renewables, DENVER POST, Aug. 11, 2008, at
A21, available at http://www.denverpost.com/opinion/ci_10159673 (last visited
Mar. 23, 2009); Editorial, Ethanol Production Soars, but its Allure Plummets,
USA TODAY, July 25, 2008, at 12A, available at
http://blogs.usatoday.com/oped/2008/07/our-view-on-ene.html (last visited Mar.
23, 2009); Editorial, Ethanol's Promise, N.Y. TIMES, May 1, 2006, at A18,
available at http://query.nytimes.com/gst/
fullpage.html?res=9903E1DE113FF932A35756C0A9609C8B63&scp=3&sq=%22ethanol%27s+pro
mise%22&st=nyt (last visited Mar. 23, 2009); Editorial, The High Costs of
Ethanol, N.Y. TIMES, Sept. 19, 2007, at A24, available at
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/19/opinion/19wed1.html (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); Editorial, Review & Outlook--Everyone Hates Ethanol, WALL ST. J., Mar.
16, 2009, at A18, available at
http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123716798764436701.html (last visited Mar. 23,
2009); Editorial, A Warming World--Drunk on Ethanol, L.A. TIMES, Aug. 20, 2007,
at 16, available at http://articles.latimes.com/2007/aug/20/opinion (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n221  See generally Marcel De Armas, Misleadingly Green: Time to Repeal the
Ethanol Tariff and Subsidy for Corn, 7 SUSTAINABLE DEV. L. & POL'Y 25 (Spring
2007) (arguing that corn-based ethanol produces large amounts of pollution);
James A. Duffield et al., Ethanol Policy: Past, Present, and Future, 53 S.D.L.
REV. 425 (2008) (analyzing ethanol's positive economical and environmental
qualities and the positive political aura surrounding ethanol); Brandon E.
Durrett, The New Organic "Texas Tea"?: National Energy Security Implications of
"Clean Fuel" Regulatory Ban on Texas Biodiesel, 40 TEX. TECH L. REV. 1001 (2008)
(arguing that biodiesel, including corn-based fuels, reduces dependence on
fossil fuels and helps the environment); Peter Z. Grossman, If Ethanol is the
Answer, what is the Question?, 13 DRAKE J. AGRIC. L. 149 (2008) (arguing that
the political frenzy over ethanol is unfounded because ethanol will not make a
major contribution to energy and large scale production would severely damage
the economy); Robert W. Hahn, Ethanol: Law, Economics, and Politics, 19 STAN. L.
& POL'Y REV. 434 (2008) (examining the widespread support for ethanol by
politicians and argues that the policy rationales for ethanol do not justify its
support) ; Michael W. Lore, Subsidies for Corn-Derived Ethanol May Leave us
Thirsty, 8 SUSTAINABLE DEV. L. & POL'Y 53 (2007) (discussing ethanol's
substantial negative impact on the US water supply); Lisa Novins, Switch grass:
A New Energy for the Future?, 7 SUSTAINABLE DEV. L. & POL'Y 30 (2007) (analyzing
the benefits of switch grass ethanol, including its ability to reduce greenhouse
gas emissions and fossil fuel use); Andrew Strong, Corn-Based Ethanol Drives the
Food v. Fuel Debate, 46-DEC HOUS. LAW. 34 (2008) (arguing that ethanol
production increases the costs of food and has a significant negative impact on
the US economy).





n222  See Jared Wiesner, A Grassroots Vehicle for Sustainable Energy: The
Conservation Reserve Program & Renewable Energy, 31 WM. & MARY ENVTL. L. & POL'Y
REV. 571, 571 (2007); see also, MIT ethanol analysis confirms benefits of
biofuels, Mass. Institute of Technology News Office, Jan. 8, 2007, available at
http://web.mit.edu/newsoffice/2007/ethanol.html (last visited Mar. 23, 2009)
(acknowledging that while it takes more energy to travel using ethanol than oil
or gas, adjustments to the conversion of corn into ethanol and ethanol
production may make it a more energy efficient fuel source and current use will
encourage more development of environmentally friendly technologies in the
future).





n223  See Vincent Barbera, Tomorrow Today? Cellulosic Ethanol: How it's Done,
Who's Getting it Done, and its Environmental Impact, 20 VILL. ENVTL. L.J. 27, 37
(2009) (arguing that ethanol is a commercially viable option and large-scale
production is possible); see also, Biomass Research and Development Board,
National Biofuels Action Plan, Oct. 2008, available at
http://www1.eere.energy.gov/biomass/pdfs/nbap.pdf (last visited Mar. 23, 2009)
(projecting that with increased research and development in ethanol and other
biofuel production, the cost effectiveness of such fuels over oil and gas will
be significant by 2012).





n224  See Margaret J. Jennings, Bioenergy: Fueling the Future?, 12 DRAKE J.
AGRIC. L. 205, 216 (2007) (describing ethanol's superiority over fossil fuels).





n225  See Novins, supra note 221 (switch grass reduces both greenhouse gas
emissions and fossil fuel use); Hahn, supra note 221, at 435-36 (ethanol is
likely to reduce carbon monoxide emissions and air toxins).





n226  See Editorial, Energy Economics--Corn ethanol is squeezing out greener
technologies. We need low--carbon fuel standards instead, L.A. TIMES, May 4,
2008, at 2, available at
http://www.todaysalternativenews.com/index2.php?event=link,2600&values[0]=1&valu
es[1]=5177 (last visited Mar. 23, 2009)





n227  See Duffield et al., supra note 221, at 426 (noting the higher production
cost of ethanol compared to gasoline and how ethanol pushes livestock and food
costs higher); Hahn, supra note 2, at 436-37 (ethanol is costly compared to
gasoline due to production costs, lower energy output, and the resources
required for its production).





n228  See Hahn, supra note 221, at 435-36 (ethanol has a high carbon footprint
due to the resources needed for production, including land, water, electricity
and natural gas); Armas, supra note 221 (arguing that corn-based ethanol is not
environmental friendly and actually produces as much pollution as the fossil
fuels it replaces).





n229  See e.g., Novins, supra note 221 (arguing that switch grass is
economically and environmentally advantageous over corn-based ethanol and has a
more favorable energy balance).





n230  John A. Sautter et al., Construction of a Fool's Paradise: Ethanol
Subsidies in America, 7 SUSTAINABLE DEV. L. & POL'Y 26 (2007).





n231  See infra, Part C.2.





n232  Subsidies, tax credits and other support mechanisms for ethanol production
exist at both the federal and state levels. Due to the focus of this article on
the WTO regime, discussion shall center primarily on the federal support scheme.
However, the concerns raised in this section apply with equal force to state
schemes. It is just more likely that any potential challenge would target
federal programs, in conjunction with an attack on corn subsidies.





n233  Kaylan Lytle, Driving the Market: The Effects on the United States Ethanol
Industry if the Foreign Ethanol Tariff is Lifted, 28 ENERGY L.J. 693, 698
(2007).





n234  Energy Tax Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-618, § 221, 92 Stat. 3174 (codified
as amended in scattered sections of 19, 23, and 26 U.S.C).





n235  American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-357, 118 Stat. 1418
(codified as amended in scattered sections of 7, 19, 26, 31 and 42 U.S.C).





n236  Id. at § 301.





n237  Id.





n238  Id.; see also DOUG KOPLOW, BIOFUELS--AT WHAT COST?, GOVERNMENT SUPPORT FOR
ETHANOL AND BIODIESEL IN THE UNITED STATES 24 (2006), available at
http://www.earthtrack.net/earthtrack/library/biofuels_subsidies_us.pdf (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n239  Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 Pub. L. No. 101-508, 104 Stat.
1388.





n240  Id.





n241  Energy Policy Act of 2005, Pub. L. No. 109-58, § 1347(a), 119 Stat. 594
(codified as amended in scattered sections of 5, 7, 10, 15, 16, 22, 23, 25, 26,
30, 33, 35, 40, 42, 43, 48, and 49 U.S.C.).





n242  See 28 U.S.C. § 40 (2008). The original legislation provides for
expiration on December 31, 2007. Energy Policy Act of 2005, supra note 241. But
see Internal Revenue Code, §§ 40(b) (4), 40(e).





n243  Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1980, Pub. L. No. 96-499, 94 Stat. 2599; see
also BRENT D. YACOBUCCI, BIOFUELS INCENTIVES: A SUMMARY OF FEDERAL PROGRAMS 8
(Jan. 3, 2007), available at
http://ncseonline.org/NLE/CRSreports/07Feb/RL33572.pdf (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n244  See John A. Sautter et al., supra note 230.





n245  See Lytle, supra note 233, at 703.





n246  Id. at 705.





n247  See KOPLOW, supra note 238, at 24.





n248  Id.





n249  Energy Policy Act of 2005, supra note 241, §1501.





n250  Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, Pub. L. No. 110-140, 121
Stat. 1492.





n251  Sautter et al., supra note 230.





n252  Robert Hahn & Carolyn Cecot, The Benefits and Costs of Ethanol 6
(AEI-Brookings Joint Ctr. for Regulatory Studies, Working Paper No. 07-17,
2007).





n253  Id. at 8.





n254  Id. at 11.





n255  Id. at 8.





n256  Id.





n257  JOACHIM VON BRAUN, THE WORLD FOOD SITUATION: NEW DRIVING FORCES AND
REQUIRED ACTION 8 (International Food Policy Research Institute, 2007),
available at http://www.ifpri.org/pubs/fpr/pr18.pdf (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n258  Hahn & Cecot, supra note 252, at 13.





n259  Id. at 14.





n260  Id. at 13-14.





n261  C. Ford Runge & Benjamin Senauer, How Biofuels Could Starve the Poor,
Foreign Affairs, May/June 2007, available at
http://www.foreignaffairs.org/20070501faessay86305/c-ford-runge-benjamin-senauer
/how-biofuels-could-starve-the-poor.html (last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n262  Id.





n263  Id.





n264  Id.





n265  Id.





n266  See id.; see also BRENT D. YACOBUCCI & TOM CAPEHART, SELECTED ISSUES
RELATED TO AN EXPANSION OF THE RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD (RFS) 11 (March 31,
2008), available at http://www.nationalaglawcenter.org/assets/crs/RL34265.pdf
(last visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n267  Runge & Senauer, supra note 261.





n268  Sautter et al., supra note 230, at 26.





n269  Runge & Senauer, supra note 261, at 4.





n270  Kevin Allison & Stephanie Kirchgaessner, From Hope to Husk, FINANCIAL
TIMES, Oct. 22, 2008; see also Kevin Allison & Stephanie Kirchgaessner,
Political pressure keeps ethanol cash flowing, FINANCIAL TIMES, Oct. 22, 2008.





n271  Sautter et al., supra note 230, at 29.





n272  William H. Meyers et al., FAPRI 2007 Outlook and the Biofuels Industry:
Impacts on Levels and Volatility of World Market Prices 11 (Food and
Agricultural Policy Research Institute, 2007).





n273  Von Braun, supra note 257, at 7.





n274  Meyers et al., supra note 272, at 11.





n275  Von Braun, supra note 257, at 8.





n276  Id. at 9.





n277  See Meyers et al., supra note 272, at 13.





n278  Runge & Senaur, supra note 261 ("The enormous volume of corn required by
the ethanol industry is sending shock waves through the food system. (The United
States accounts for some 40 percent of the world's total corn production and
over half of all corn exports.) In March 2007, corn futures rose to over $ 4.38
a bushel, the highest level in ten years. Wheat and rice prices have also surged
to decade highs, because even as those grains are increasingly being used as
substitutes for corn, farmers are planting more acres with corn and fewer acres
with other crops.").





n279  See Meyers et al., supra note 272, at 16.





n280  See Nancy I. Potter, How Brazil Achieved Energy Independence and the
Lessons the United States Should Learn from Brazil's Experience, 7 WASH. U.
GLOBAL STUD. L. REV. 331, 334 (2008).





n281  Id. at 331.





n282  Id. at 334.





n283  Id.





n284  Id. at 336.





n285  Id.





n286  Id.





n287  Lytle, supra note 233, at 696-97.





n288  Id. at 697.





n289  Id.





n290  Id. at 698.





n291  See supra note 230 and accompanying text.





n292  See supra note 12 and accompanying text.





n293  See e.g., Phoenix X.F. Cai, Aid for Trade: a Roadmap for Success, 36
DENVER J. INT'L L. & POL'Y 100 (2008), available at
http://findarticles.com/p/articles/mi_hb3262/is_3-4_36/ai_n28580139
(highlighting the resources currently lacking but required for developing
countries to pursue suit at the WTO).





n294  See e.g., Douglas Ierley, Defining the Factors that Influence Developing
Country Compliance with and Participation in the WTO Dispute Settlement System:
Another Look at the Dispute over Bananas, 33 LAW & POL'Y INT'L BUS. 615, 616
(2002) (arguing that developing nations do not use the WTO dispute settlement
regime very often and presenting five principal factors cited by diplomats as
influencing developing country participation in and compliance with WTO panel
and Appellate Body decisions). See also Robert E. Hudec, The Adequacy of WTO
Dispute Settlement Remedies for Developing Country Complainants, in DEVELOPMENT,
TRADE AND THE WTO: A HANDBOOK 81, 81 (Bernard Hoekman et al. eds., 2002)
(critiquing the conventional wisdom that developing nations do not pursue
complaints against industrialized nations as overly simplistic); Marc L. Busch &
Eric Reinhardt, Developing Countries and General Agreement on Tariffs and
Trade/World Trade Organization Dispute Settlement, 37 J. WORLD TRADE 719 (2003)
(arguing that developing countries are no better served under the WTO than they
were under GATT); Gregory Shaffer, How to Make the WTO Dispute Settlement System
Work for Developing Countries: Some Proactive Developing Country Strategies,
International Centre for Trade and Sustainable Development, Resource Paper No.
5, Mar. 2003, available at
http://www.ictsd.org/pubs/ictsd_series/resource_papers/DSU_2003.pdf (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n295  Canada--Milk had made it clear that this was the case for export subsidies
, but did not consider agricultural subsidies in general. See Canada--Milk,
supra note 111 and accompanying text.





n296  See 1 Samuel 17 (Old Testament).





n297  See WTO.org, Ministers begin final efforts to agree blueprints of deal,
http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/news08_e/meet08_summary_21july_e.htm (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n298  See World Trade Organization, Day 9: Talks collapse despite progress on a
list of issues,
http://www.wto.org/english/news_e/news08_e/meet08_summary_29july_e.htm (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n299  See RIP Doha Round--Another WTO Collapse in 'Make or Break' Talks Shows
New Direction Is Required; Victory for Small Farmers, Workers, Civil Society And
Developing Nations as WTO Expansion Bid Is Again Defeated in Geneva: Statement
of Lori Wallach, Director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch Division, PUB.
CITIZEN, July 29, 2008, available at
http://www.citizen.org/pressroom/release.cfm?ID=2710 (last visited Mar. 23,
2009).





n300  See Understanding on Rules and Procedures Governing the Settlement of
Disputes, arts. 22.3(f)(i), 22.3(b), 22.3(c)., Apr. 15, 1994, Marrakesh
Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization, Annex 2, Legal
Instruments--Results of the Uruguay Round, 1869 U.N.T.S. 401, 33 I.L.M. 1126
(1994) [hereinafter DSU].





n301  See e.g., Joel Trachtman, The WTO Cathedral, 43 STAN. J. INT'L L. 127,
129. (2007).





n302  See e.g., Phoenix Cai, Aid for Trade: A Roadmap for Success, supra note
293.





n303  TOMER BROUDE, INTERNATIONAL GOVERNANCE IN THE WTO: JUDICIAL BOUNDARIES AND
POLITICAL CAPITULATION 39 (2004).





n304  Id. at 31-32.





n305  See e.g., Ernst-Ulrich Petersmann, The WTO Constitution and Human Rights,
3. J. INT'L ECON. L. 19, 20-21 (2000) (arguing that the legitimacy, democratic
acceptability and legal consistency of WTO law would be enhanced by inclusion of
human rights); Marco Bronckers, More Power to the WTO? 4 J. INT'L ECON. L. 41,
44 (2001) (pointing out that the WTO has the potential to play a key role in
environmental, labor, investment and competition law issues).





n306  See Cho, supra note 25, at 170.





n307  See Two Major U.S. Retailers Ration Rice Amid Global Food Crisis, April
28, 2008, http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5jPhvZAJ7gmkUzDNsAmJmZP5014wg (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).





n308  Keith Bradsher, Fuel Subsidies for Some Make Oil More Expensive for All,
INTERNATIONAL HERALD TRIBUNE, July 28, 2008, available at
http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/07/28/business/28subsidy.php?page=2 (last
visited Mar. 23, 2009).


                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 23, 2014

Subsidy and the Alleged Missing Billions

BYLINE: Chinwoke Akoma

LENGTH: 1664 words


The Senate Finance Committee sitting on alleged missing N20billion dollars had a
lot of interesting testimonies. From the initial accusations by the suspended
CBN Governor, Mallam Lamido Sanusi, to the clarifications by the various
government agencies,facts are out in public domain which have enlightened the
public on the issue.

For example ,Nigerians now know that the allegation that kerosene subsidy is
illegal is no longer sustainable . This is because the so-called presidential
directive stopping subsidy was discovered to be contradictory and
unimplementable by the then Petroleum Minister Rilwanu Lukman . It also came to
the fore that there is truly subsidy on kerosene but the impact is not being
felt because of the high demand in the face of low supply. Nigerians also now
know that by virtue of the Petroleum Act ,the oil corporation has the power to
incur expenditure.

Many more facts came out including the fact that nobody is ready to withdraw
subsidy on kerosene as even the Senate Committee asked the executive arm to make
request through supplementary appropriation. Even at that, the hearing was
confronted with the reality of a provision of the Petroleum Act which empowers
the Minister of Petroleum Resources to fix the prices of petroleum products. The
plan for an independent audit was also unimplementable because the
responsibility is statutorily that of the Auditor General of the Federation.

The Senate sitting had opened with a theatrical drama by the suspended CBN
Governor. He anchored the missing N20billion on the argument that there is no
subsidy. But events have proved that there is indeed subsidy ,leading to the new
reality that the so-called missing money was spent on kerosene subsidy. If
Sanusi had succeeded in proving that a presidential directive stopped subsidy,he
would have also triumphed in claiming that the N20billion dollars was illegally
spent . On both counts,Sanusi failed as several documentary evidence confirmed.

First, Lukman, in his capacity as Petroleum Minister, was obviously unable to
implement this directive as the inherent contradiction in the directive was at
variance with a fundamental and critical requirement of the Petroleum Act which
requires the issuance of a gazette. Specifically ,the directive contained a
clause that said the subsidy removal should not be made public.

For the avoidance of doubt , the letter of the controversial presidential
directive is to the effect that commencing from July 2009: "Eliminate existing
subsidy on the consumption of kerosene, taking into account that subsidy
payments by government, on kerosene do not reach the intended beneficiaries.
Public announcement of this measure should be avoided".Lukman refused to gazette
the directive because of the contradiction . So subsidy continues especially
after the violent demonstrations of 2012.

The other thing is why the high prices of kerosene despite subsidy? The
President of the Independent Petroleum Marketers Association of Nigeria, IPMAN,
Alhaji Aminu Abdulkadir, said the problem has to do with high demand versus low
supply as the quantity subsidised is not sufficient to meet the needs of
kerosene users. Said he: "About 7 to 10 million liters are supplied but our
national consumption today is about 15 million liters. There is a shortfall in
supply, hence people think the subsidy is not reaching the people. There is
subsidy".

The management of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) also said
that diversion of kerosene to neighbouring countries, industrial use, aviation
fuel, sharp practices by middlemen and pipeline vandalism are reasons kerosene
is not readily available for domestic consumption. Group Managing Director of
the corporation, Engr. Andrew Yakubu, made this disclosure during the two-day
investigative public hearing on supply, distribution, expenditure and subsidy on
kerosene.

Yakubu maintained that due to a number of issues ranging from incessant pipeline
vandalism and diversion of the product to road construction, the product, meant
for the masses, is not readily available. "There are quite a number of competing
demands for kerosene and until these are addressed by other relevant agencies,
the issue of kerosene not being readily available for domestic use will continue
to reoccur every now and then.

The way out is for this committee to collaborate with the NNPC to encourage the
sale of liquefied petroleum gas otherwise known as cooking gas," the NNPC boss
said.

Responding to a question on whether kerosene subsidy is still in place, he said
that was exactly what he met when he assumed office in June 2012, adding that
kerosene subsidy is funded by unrealizable revenue flow. "The NNPC takes crude
at international price and sells it at the domestic market at regulated price of
N50 per liter," he stated. Answering a question on what the NNPC is doing to
stop kerosene diversion, the NNPC helmsman said that the Corporation does not
have the power to police marketers and sanction them, adding that there are
statutory bodies with the responsibility.

Commenting on the legality of kerosene subsidy, the NNPC Company Secretary,
Anthony Madichie, citing Petroleum Act section 6 subsection 1, said only the
Minister of Petroleum Resources has the authority to fix petroleum product
prices, stressing that if a presidential directive is given and not gazetted,
such directive will not be effective.

In his submission to the committee, the Managing Director of the Pipelines and
Products Marketing Company, PPMC, a subsidiary of the NNPC, Prince Haruna Momoh,
informed that kerosene is sourced for the Nigerian market through importation
and domestic refining, adding that dual purpose kerosene (DPK) is sold to
coastal marketers, Major Marketers Association of Nigeria, MOMAN, Depot and
Petroleum Products Marketers Association, DAPPMA and NNPC Retail.

"I can confirm to this committee the statistics for the supply of DPK is as
follows. In 2010, NNPC supplied 2,515,582.44 metric tonnes of DPK, in 2011, NNPC
1,922,263.56 metric tonnes, in 2012, NNPC supplied 2,622,843.20 metric tonnes
and in 2013, NNPC supplied 2,671,747.97 metric tonnes making a total of
9,732,437.17 metric tonnes," Momoh revealed.

Marketers also supplied further statistics on the existence of subsidy.The price
regime of DPK ex-refineries/depots in Nigeria is at N40.90k/litre, NNPC sells
DPK at its retail outlets for N50/litre. If the PPPRA template is taken into
account, DPK is expected to have a landing cost of N130/litre leaving a gap of
about N80/litre which is a cost element to NNPC and the tune to which DPK is
subsidized for the populace.

The question 'where does the subsidy go?' then arises. The total demand for DPK
across all sectors by far outweighs the supply available nationwide thus leading
to a shortage of the product and a resultant increase in the equilibrium price.
This is the major reason the subsidy though enormous is not being felt by the
populace.

Another major development is a submission which went a long way to settle many
contentious issues affecting a subsidiary of the oil corporation.

The Attorney General of the Federation and Minister of Justice, Mohammed Bello
Adoke, said the NNPC can legitimately transfer its participating interest in oil
mining leases (OML) to its wholly owned subsidiary, the Nigerian Petroleum
Development Company,NPDC.

The AGF provided the legal position during the investigative hearing of the
Senate Committee on Finance on the alleged unremitted $49.8bn oil revenue in
respect of the status of $6bn NPDC gross revenue which Sanusi had alleged should
have been remitted to the Federation Account by the NNPC.

Adoke informed that by virtue of paragraph 14 to 16 of the First Schedule of the
Petroleum Act, CAP.P.10 Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, LFN, 2004 (NNPC Act)
and Regulation 4 of the Petroleum (Drilling and Productions) Regulations 1969 as
amended, a holder of an OML or Oil Prospecting License (OPL) can assign its
interest provided the consent of the minister of petroleum resources is
obtained.

On whether all revenues derived by the NNPC from upstream operations including
those under which OMLs in the JV operations are payable to the Federation
Account, the minister posited that NNPC is generally under an obligation to
remit its revenue from the upstream petroleum operations into the Federation
Account.

According to him, this is, however, dependent on the definition of 'revenue'
within the meaning and intendment of section 162 (10) (c) of the constitution of
the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999 (Constitution) saying
that the NNPC can by virtue of section 7(4) of the NNPC Act defray all expenses
incurred in the course of its business in the upstream operations.

The AGF stated that the NNPC is required to pay into the Federation Account the
'net revenue' as opposed to the 'gross revenue'.

Meanwhile, IPMAN has warned that kerosene subsidy removal was capable of
bringing down government even as it denied reports that it bribed officials of
the petroleum ministry and the oil corporation on allocations.

Speaking in Abuja ,the National President of IPMAN, Alhaji Aminu Abdulkadir,
said the bribery allegation was part of the plot to politicise the oil sector
,stressing that "any removal of subsidy is a ploy to instigate uprising against
government as kerosene subsdised the cost of living for the poor.

The IPMAN leader said those plotting to derail the Jonathan presidency are the
ones behind the push to withdraw kerosene subsidy which he said would impose
further hardship on the poor,canvassing that "subsidy should remain until LPG
supply is sufficient to fill the gap.

"Until LPG is widely available,you cannot remove subsidy. If you do,it will
bring social unrest. I strongly advise that subsidy should remain. I also call
on the minister to call industry operators to order to put in more efforts into
the provision of LPG. Part of the subsidy should be used to fund facilities for
LPG",he said .

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

Editorial: Much ado about #Giveitup

BYLINE: The Financial Express

LENGTH: 491  words


Small subsidy cuts would have achieved a lot more

Much has been made of prime minister Narendra Modi
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/narendra-modi/)'s #Giveitup campaign,
exhorting the better off to give up their LPG subsidies; indeed, the oil PSUs
even asked their LPG dealers to try and convince users to give up their LPG
subsidies through an awareness campaign over a week, and TV campaigns/ hoardings
exhort the public to do this even today.

All told, 1 million people have given it up so far. While that is undoubtedly
progress, it is a mere 0.7% of the total number that have registered their LPG
connections under Aadhaar. At an average of 7 cylinders a year of usage-the cap
has been put at 12 a year-that's a total saving of a mere R140 crore out of
India's projected FY16 LPG subsidy (http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/lpg-
subsidy/) of R19,000 crore.

In sharp contrast, if the government had followed the UPA's policy of small cuts
in diesel subsidies-say, a R5 per month cut in mammoth LPG subsidies which were
R449.17 per cylinder a year ago and are R190.68 today-it could have saved a lot
more. A cut in subsidies by R5 per month-so, take an average of R30 per cylinder
for the year-across 13.5 crore users would mean savings of R2,835 crore based on
an average usage of 7 cylinders per year and R4,860 crore if the cap of 12
subsidised cylinders is used. The collapse in global oil prices makes it look as
if the government has achieved a lot, but had prices remained at last year's
levels, the picture would have looked very different.

Given how the UPA's homeopathic hike in diesel prices never resulted in any
political furore, it is indeed surprising that the government did not adopt this
route for LPG subsidies; indeed, it is still not too late to do so. Nor is it
clear why, if the #Giveitup campaign is as wildly successful as the government
is making it out to be, this has not been tried for other subsidies like food
and kerosene where the government spends so much more-while kerosene subsidies
are likely to be R13,000 crore (at $60/barrel of crude), food subsidies are
budgeted at R1.24 lakh crore. Indeed, it is odd that while India has 36.4 crore
poor people, the National Food Security Act envisages giving subsidised food to
81.35 crore -to 74 crore at prices of a mere R2/3 for each kg of wheat/rice and
35 kg of foodgrains a month to 2 crore Antyodaya households. Once the SECC list
of poor people is seeded with Aadhaar numbers, the government simply has to
restrict the food subsidies to only the poor. Indeed, in even the case of LPG
subsidies, the government has to restrict it to only the poor. While the
official position is that Aadhaar is only meant to ensure the poor get their
subsidies and not to cut expenditure on subsidies, the simple fact is the NDA
cannot afford to carry on with the UPA's absurdly high subsidies-albeit better
targeted-and at the same time also hope to spend more on investment.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

10 million Iranians can be excluded from receiving cash subsidies

BYLINE: Fatih Karimov, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


April 15--Ten million high-income Iranians have been identified so far who can
be excluded from receiving cash subsidies.

Iran's economy minister Ali Tayyebnia said that a large number of people have
not applied for receiving cash subsidies in the second phase of the subsidy
reform plan, Iran's Mehr news agency reported on April 15.

Registration for receiving cash subsidies in the second phase of the plan
started on April 9 and will last till April 20.

The Iranian parliament (Majlis) approved the government implementing the second
phase of the subsidy reform plan at the beginning of the second quarter of the
next Iranian calendar year (to start March 21).

The Iranian Mehr News Agency reported on January 28 that the Iranian
administration has once again asked rich families to voluntarily give up
receiving cash subsidies.

Mohsen Bahrami Arzi, an advisor to the vice president for executive affairs,
said on January 28 that the government expects about 30 percent of Iranian
families to give up receiving cash subsidies.

"Currently the number of people who receive cash subsidies is even more than the
country's population," he said.

"Many have migrated to foreign countries but they still receive cash subsidies,
some have two or more ID cards and some are foreign nationals," Bahrami Arzi
explained.

President Rouhani's chief of staff, Mohammad Nahavandian, said in November that
the Iranian administration is not going to cut the cash subsidies of rich
families since identifying such families is a kind of breach of their privacy.

"There are two substitute methods. The first is that affluent families give up
receiving the subsidies voluntarily. And the second is that the administration
creates more jobs for people," Nahavandian said.

The implementation of the second phase of the subsidy reform plan will not lead
to a sharp rise in the inflation rate, the advisor to the Iranian president
said.

Although fuel prices rose by 600 percent in the first phase of the plan, but the
inflation rate increased by 10 percent, Mohammad Kordbacheh said in an interview
which was published by ISNA news agency on Sunday.

"Fuel prices are planned to be increased by 60 percent on the average.
Therefore, it will not lead to a hike in the inflation rate."

A clause in the budget bill for next fiscal year, which started on March 21,
calls for steep price increases to save 630 trillion rials ($25.3 billion at the
official exchange rate) annually in subsidy payments.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140415-1AZ-10-million-Iranians-can-be-excluded-from-receiving-cash-
subsidies-0415-20140415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              March 7, 2008 Friday

Give more to those who got less in the past

LENGTH: 365  words


THE introduction of means testing for admission to public hospitals is a big
step forward in the management of subsidies. The sliding scale of declining
subsidies for those earning more is not a perfect method. But it helps ensure
benefits are given to those who need them most.

The type of dwelling has been a key factor in deciding the distribution of
Budget goodies. Perhaps the criteria should be fine-tuned to enhance
equitability, and achieve maximum social benefit from the subsidies offered.

One principle of distribution equity is that those who have benefited more in
the past should receive less in the future, so more can be given to those who
received less in the past.

If we have a system that records, estimates or simulates all major subsidies and
handouts exceeding $10,000 given to citizens in the past, say, 20 years, we
would be able to determine who and which segment of the population received more
subsidies than the rest, and by how much.

Some households enjoy as high as $88,000 in Housing Board subsidies, according
to a simulation study disclosed by the Government. In addition, many HDB
residents also receive handsome upgrading subsidies.

The education subsidy is also generous. Tuition subsidy for three years in a
local university can amount to $50,000 or more, excluding scholarships and other
assistance.

For a young, well-educated couple who have benefited from both the HDB subsidy
and the university tuition subsidy, the two benefits they enjoyed could well
reach $200,000 or more.

Conversely, another couple, who happen to be non-graduates and do not qualify to
buy an HDB flat for whatever reason, are worse off than the first couple by
$200,000 in subsidies received.

From this perspective, the Government could be a little more generous to the
second couple when distributing Budget goodies and other assistance.

Likewise, it could also consider giving more incentives to graduates returning
from overseas who have not benefited from university tuition subsidy here.

The same idea could be applied to newly naturalised citizens who have not
enjoyed any education subsidy from the system. The gesture would help retain and
attract more talent to Singapore.

Ng Ya Ken

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                 July 29, 2007

Revealed: City squires buy up farm aid

BYLINE: Jon Ungoed-Thomas and Robert Booth

SECTION: HOME NEWS; News; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 951 words


CITY workers with second homes in the country are buying European Union farming
subsidies worth millions of pounds a year to pay for tending their private
grounds and paddocks.

The right to claim the EU payment is being traded on a lucrative secondary
market in which second-home owners buy from professional farmers who were being
paid the subsidy for keeping their land free from weeds and as habitats for
wildlife.

According to figures released by the Rural Payments Agency (RPA) this weekend,
an estimated 30,000 owners of small parcels of land in England are enjoying
subsidies worth £ 30m a year from Brussels.

To qualify, the owner does not have to farm or even graze ponies. The land can
be used as wild-flower meadows, for clay pigeon shooting or even barbecues as
long as it is kept in "good agricultural and environmental condition", the
agency said.

The claims are being blamed for helping clog up the agency with thousands of
extra applications, leading to delays in payouts for genuine farmers.

George Paton, a partner at WebbPaton, a firm of rural valuers based in Wootton
Bassett, Wiltshire, said: "If you've got a country house with 10 acres and a
pony paddock you can get these payments. It's ludicrous and has messed up the
payments for proper farmers."

The single payment scheme, introduced in 2005, replaced a range of farming
subsidies pegged to a farmer's level of production that gave incentives for
growing crops far in excess of what the market needed. This led to the "grain
mountain" and "wine lake" gluts for which the EU was known.

Now landowners and farmers can claim payments based on the area of land they
hold, regardless of whether or not they produce anything.

The RPA paid out £ 1.5 billion to landowners last year, including to the Prince
of Wales for land at Home Farm, part of his Highgrove estate in Gloucestershire,
as well as to the Queen for her land at Balmoral, Sandringham and Windsor
Castle.

A secondary market in the subsidies has blossomed because farmers are allowed to
sell on their entitlements -which can be worth from a few pounds up to in some
cases £ 11,000 a year per acre -even if they sell up and retire. The system was
introduced to allow farmers buying land that had not previously been farmed to
acquire subsidies.

But they have not been the only buyers. City workers and other "lifestyle
farmers", whose livelihoods do not depend on agriculture, are also buying the
subsidy rights. They are then paid to tend their land even if it is a meadow or
paddock.

Richard Skeates, a director at Lane Fox, the estate agency, claims a subsidy on
paddocks at his north Wiltshire home of £ 510 a year. By 2012 he will be paid £
1,800 a year under the terms of the European commission arrangement.

His neighbours graze three ponies on the 30-acre paddocks and he says he spends
more than the subsidy on maintaining the land to the required standard, which
includes preventing horses from eating trees and hedges and ensuring it is not
over-grazed. "Some people complain saying this is an agricultural subsidy that
wasn't designed for pony paddocks, but it has achieved a lot by encouraging
owners to protect the environment better," said Skeates.

Others have resisted the subsidy. "I would feel a bit of a fraud claiming this,"
said Mike Warburton, a tax accountant who owns a house in Gloucestershire with a
paddock and wild-flower meadow.

"It is for farmers, not for people like me. People are claiming money for really
doing nothing on their land."

The subsidies can be a good investment. Rates vary but buying a subsidy off a
farmer for £ 100 an acre could yield a return of £ 400 an acre over the next
four years -although there is a risk because the EU is to review the whole
system in 2012.

Iain Curry of Bays Curry McCowen, an agricultural consultancy based in
Winchester, said: "I bought someone an entitlement for 30 acres for £ 3,000. It
was a country house with about 30 acres worth about £ 3m. He let his next-door
neighbour put his cattle there and would have got about £ 2,400 (subsidy) in the
first year."

Paton said the highest subsidy entitlement he had sold was one that was paying
out more than £ 11,000 an acre.

The entitlement was for a five-acre plot owned by a farmer whose payout was
based on what he had received for the large cattle herd he had owned in 2001.

"I sold it to another farmer for £ 22,000 a hectare (£ 8,906 an acre)," said
Paton.

He added that getting the farm subsidies was not an easy option and the EU
requirement to keep the land in good condition would cost money. "It's about
good environmental stewardship and it's not cheap," he said.

RAKING IT IN

How non-farmers cash in on EU subsidies

* Under the European single payment scheme introduced in 2005, landowners and
farmers are no longer paid solely according to what they produce. They can claim
subsidies for keeping some land in good environmental and agricultural condition

* Rights to claim subsidies worth £ 1.5 billion a year in England can be bought
and sold. House owners with paddocks or fields can qualify if they buy subsidy
from farmers who retire or sell up

* Subsidy rights are advertised in farming magazines and through land agents and
can be bought to match the acreage of land held. In one typical recent deal, a
non-farmer with 30 acres around his house in Hampshire bought subsidy rights for
£ 3,000 from owner of a 30-acre agricultural smallholding. The purchaser earned
an estimated £ 2,400 payments in his first year

* The Rural Payments Agency, which manages the scheme, estimates 30,000 owners
of small parcels of land and paddocks claim subsidies. Some are genuine small
scale farmers, but others have been blamed for clogging the system and slowing
payments

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 June 11, 2015

The Subsidy Question - Fuel Will Sell for N40 a Litre

BYLINE: Josef Omorotiomwan

LENGTH: 974 words


In their daily lives, Nigerians must cope with this open ambivalence - they have
oil but they can't see oil; they have petroleum, but they have no petrol; they
pay for light but they get darkness. There is no better way to explain what we
mean here than by telling our usual story of the so-called subsidy on petroleum
products in its most elemental form.

Nigeria is said to be the sixth largest producer of oil in the world. But with
mismanagement, what was originally supposed to be a blessing from God has
virtually turned a curse. At every point, we are either fighting because of the
poor allocation of this resource, or we are crying that some dubious elements
have stolen the total proceeds.

The original arrangement was that as soon as the crude oil came out from the
ground, Nigeria would sell 90 percent at the spot market, in hard currency. The
remaining 10 percent was meant to be refined for local consumption.

At various times, Nigeria had built four refineries - two in Port-Harcourt and
one each in Warri and Kaduna, intended to refine different products. These
refineries were run aground; and they are now old and practically comatose.

Because of our lack of refineries, foreign concerns that had refineries began to
pick up, at rock-bottom prices, the 10 percent crude reserved for local
consumption. They would refine the products in their countries and export the
refined products to us at their own prices. By the time the product returns to
Nigeria after its triangular journey, the price has hit the ceiling and it is no
longer within the reach of many. This is where government steps in to bring in
what it calls subsidy.

Under this scheme, a country like the Netherlands, which does not have a single
drop of oil, is in the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries, OPEC, as a
net exporter of oil.

The subsidy regime in Nigeria reminds us of two issues - first, subsidy would
have been absolutely unnecessary if we were doing our own refining in Nigeria.
Secondly, the subsidy regime has been fraught with fraud and dishonesty.

Between 2006 and 2014, Nigeria paid over N7.5 trillion as subsidy claims. Yet,
we are still where we are - the subsidised products are not available and where
they are available, they sell for prices much higher than the unsubsidised
products. Put differently, we have been subsidizing fraud.

The subsidy game has been a political one and has not been played on the rings
of economic data; and rather than being fact-driven, it has been emotion-driven
and politically played by those who use it as a political tool.

Subsidy in itself is not a bad idea. In fact, it is defined in economics as
money paid by government or an organisation to reduce the cost of producing
goods so that their prices can be kept low. It seeks to reduce the market price
of an item below the cost of production. Government intervenes to support
desirable activities to keep the prices of staple low; maintain the income of
producers of critical or strategic products; induce investment while reducing
unemployment.

Everywhere, subsidy is supposed to be a cushion to enhance the welfare and
well-being of the people. It is an acceptable practice the world-over.

This writer was in Germany in the winter of 1973, when the price of oil
increased astronomically because of some major adjustments by OPEC. Many
companies would have just gone under but government quickly intervened with a
serious subsidy package. Among other things, industry workers - including those
of us arbiters who were "pulling gburu" - were made to work two days a week
(eight days a month) for full month's pay. That's subsidy.

If all American farmers were to be allowed to produce at their optimum levels,
food would be surplus and totally useless everywhere. The American government
has had the practice over the years of paying some selected farmers to stay at
home, not producing anything during the year. That's subsidy.

In these places, the subsidy scheme is well managed and it gets to the target
population - the poor. But in Nigeria, the exact opposite is the case: the real
beneficiaries are not the poor but the middlemen and the rent seekers, contrary
to the argument usually advanced and which has been at the heart of subsidy's
continuation, that it is pro-poor.

As long as there are long queues in our filling stations, we are merely
compounding the problems of the poor. When people queue and sleep at petrol
stations like refugees, besides the human degradation involved, you have also
effectively reduced from their sources of livelihood because the time spent at
the stations are wasted. Funds for infrastructural and human capital development
are frittered away on dubious subsidy claims and payments to about 40 corporate
citizens of Nigeria, to the utter neglect of the rest of us.

Truly, petrol can sell for N40 a litre but things must get worse before they get
better. Subsidy is strangulating us! We must take the tough decision NOW -
tighten our belts and let subsidy go!

Those middlemen in the current supply chain must go. Subsidy removal must be
approached through what we call "the blind man and his yam". If you have to pill
the blind man's yam, you must keep whistling while you do so as a sign that you
are not introducing the yam into your own mouth.

Similarly, any substantial subsidy removal must be immediately accompanied with
the rehabilitation and upgrading of the refineries so the people can see what
you are doing with theirmoney. Once we meet our local needs, importation will
stop. When importation stops, subsidy ends. The darkest part of the night is
just before dawn.

Let's give ourselves one year to work on the refineries during which period, as
a way of choosing the lesser of two evils, we shall allow only the NNPC to
import petroleum products directly so that we can know exactly what we are
consuming.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

Energy price increase to cause high inflation - Iran paper

LENGTH: 2102 words


Text of unattributed commentary: "Prediction of an 87-percent increase in the
price of energy in the second phase [of targeted subsidies]" by Iranian
newspaper Tehran-e Emruz on 19 February.

Prediction of an 87-per cent increase in the prices of energy in the second
phase

We should note that 87 per cent would be the average increase in prices. In
other words, the increase in the prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other
carriers can be less or more than 87 percent, but the [average of] total
increases will be definitely 87 percent. Otherwise, the ratification will be
breached.

Economic Group: Regarding making subsidies purposeful and the implementation of
the second phase, the Majlis finally was forced to vote in favour of the initial
suggestion of the government. This means an increase in the revenues resulting
from making subsidies purposeful from 23 trillion tumans in the first phase to
48 trillion tumans in the second phase. Many still recall that Ahmadinezhad used
to announce that he wanted to increase the cash subsidies by five times with the
implementation of the second phase, but the Majlis would not vote in favour of
the proposals of the 10th government. Finally, these disputes forced the
implementation of the second phase to extend to 1392 [21 March 2013-20 March
2014]; and now the government of Rouhani must accept the implementation of a law
in 1393 [21 March 2014-20 March 2015] with which it was not inclined to deal,
had the previous government not started it. The story of making subsidies
purposeful is a long one. The governments of Hashemi-Rafsanjani and Khatami
tried in any way they could to avoid moving in this direction. In addition,
Ahmadinezhad also did not implement this law in the ninth government, but its
implementation began in the 10th government. With the implementation of this
law, the prices of fuel and energy were supposed to become realistic; but the
three-fold increase in the price of foreign currency in the course of the
implementation of the first phase of this law affected all its goals. Now, in
the second phase, the people must be prepared for even higher prices. Moreover,
frankly, the government no longer has the ability to pay subsidies to all the
people. Under such conditions, everyone is worried about how the second phase of
making subsidies purposeful will be implemented.

How much will the prices increase?

In this connection, Mehr News Agency in an analytic report wrote: An analysis of
the 48 trillion tumans [approx 16bn dollars] in revenues resulting from the
correction of the prices of energy carriers in 1393, based on the new
ratification of the Majlis, shows that the average increase in the prices of the
energy carriers next year will be about 87 per cent. Another part of this report
states: In this ratification, 48 trillion tumans in revenues have been projected
to be the result of the correction of the prices of energy carriers, whereas in
the first phase of making subsidies purposeful, the revenues resulting from this
source were about 28 trillion tumans [approx 9bn dollars]. On the same basis, in
the implementation of the second phase of making subsidies purposeful, 20
trillion tumans [approx 6.5 dollars] have been projected for the government as
the increase in revenues stemming from the correction of the prices of energy
carriers, with the exception of electricity, in addition to the fact that
according to the Majlis ratification, all the revenues resulting from the
increase in the price of electricity will be allocated to the electricity
industry. Official statistics and figures show that in the first phase of making
subsidies purposeful, the government gained 5 trillion tumans [1.5bn dollars]
annually from the source of increasing the price of electricity. If we subtract
this figure from 28 trillion tumans [approx 9.3 dollars], that is, the total
revenues resulting from the correction of the prices of the energy carriers in
the first phase, the result is 23 trillion tumans [approx 7.5 dollars]. Now if
we want to know the average increase in the prices of energy carriers other than
electricity in 1393, we must look at the ratio of the new revenues of 20
trillion tumans [approx 6.5 dollars] and the revenues of 23 trillion tumans
[approx 7.5 dollars] from the first phase (other than electricity). On the same
basis, the average increase in the prices of the energy carriers other than
electricity next year will be about 87 per cent. Of course, we should note that
the increase of 87 per cent is the average increase in the prices. In other
words, the increase in the prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other carriers
can be less or more than 87 per cent; but the total [average] of the increases
will certainly be 87 per cent. Otherwise, the Majlis ratification will be
breached.

Ratification of the Increase of 38 Per cent in Water Fees

At the same time, the general manager of the National Water and Sewage Company
(Sherkat-e Ab va Fazelab-e Keshvar) reported on the ratification to correct the
water fees with two suggestions, an increase of 38 percent and the imposition of
fees based on the environmental and local conditions, and told Fars News Agency:
The government cabinet must correct this ratification. Hamid Reza Janbaz said,
"In contrast to other service organizations such as the Electricity Company and
the Telecommunications Company that offer services of equivalent quality, the
water and sewage companies regarding the water resources are limited to the
local water resources; and the quality of the water that is offered is different
in various aquifers. The fees that we need to set for water depend on numerous
factors, such as the length of the pipelines and the quality of the water.
Hence, we look at all these factors in setting the fees, which should ultimately
result in the decrease in water consumption.

Janbaz added, "The correction of the water fees has been ratified, and the
suggestions we have offered have been that we be given permission to implement
the 38 percent increase that is stated in the budget law. Another suggestion is
that we should be able to set the fees appropriate to the local and
environmental conditions."

Re-registration and Penalties Imposed on Subsidy Recipients Eliminate Trust

One of the important issues in the Majlis ratification regarding making
subsidies purposeful is the need for re-registration and the penalties imposed
on those who are not eligible to receive a subsidy but who do receive a subsidy.
In this connection, 'Ali Tajernia, an economic expert, told ISNA:
Re-registration and the imposition of fines in order to exclude the high-income
subsidy recipients will decrease the people's trust in the government. Hence,
self-declaration is the most suitable strategy ahead. Stating that the effect of
making subsidies purposeful on the economy is seriously dependent on the
performance of the government next year, Tajernia added: If this government,
similar to the previous government, were to distribute the revenues resulting
from making subsidies purposeful among the people in cash, undoubtedly, this
would result in the escalation of inflation. Even though the severity of the
destructive trend of the past might be reduced to some extent, the distribution
of cash as in the past will once again intensify it. This expert says: If the
government, considering its authority in the note of the law on making subsidies
purposeful, spends the resources on the production sector and makes them
available to the private sector, in other words, if the revenues resulting from
making subsidies purposeful are productive, certainly the result will be
positive effects on the economy and the production trend and will trigger
economic growth. Stating that inflation resulting from the implementation of the
note to the law on making subsidies purposeful next year is predictable,
Tajernia said: Considering the economic growth that will be created, however,
more favorable conditions will be created, and the resulting inflation will be
less pronounced compared to the economic growth.

The government should not suddenly exclude the high-income deciles

In addition, regarding the method of the implementation of the second phase of
making subsidies purposeful and excluding the high-income subsidy recipients,
Tajernia said: Even though in reality the government must make a distinction
between high-income and low-income deciles, in the short term or mid-term, it
must not move toward excluding the high-income deciles. According to him, the
issue of self-declaration and the effort to convince the high-income deciles to
cooperate more with the government must be given further attention. For
excluding the high-income individuals from receiving subsidies, positive methods
rather than negative methods should be implemented. Pointing out that the sudden
exclusion of the high-income deciles from receiving subsidies, which is often
emphasized by the Majlis deputies, cannot be a suitable strategy for the
government, he said: At the same time, considering the approach of the 10th
government regarding subsidies, the people consider receiving these subsidies as
some sort of right and feel that by excluding them, the government is depriving
them of their right.

Achieving the Figures in the Budget with a 40 Percent Increase in the Prices of
Energy Carriers

While one of the important concerns about the law ratified by the Majlis is the
great pressure to increase the prices of energy carriers, and the prediction is
that these prices will increase by over 80 percent, 'Avaz Heydarpur, a member of
the Majlis National Security and Foreign Policy Committee (Komisiyun-e
Amniyyat-e Melli va Siyasat-e Khareji), said to Khaneh-yeMellat: The prediction
is that in the budget, from the source of making subsidies purposeful, the
prices of energy carriers will increase by 40 percent. The government must act
based on the principle of the law on making subsidies purposeful regarding the
manner and the type of payment of subsidies in order to achieve the goal
projected in the law. Stating that the distribution of subsidies among all the
people in the society was a mistake from the beginning, the Majlis deputy from
Shahreza and Dehaqan said: Households must receive subsidies that deserve to
receive them based on actual need. Identifying the income deciles is not
difficult. The government has the precise infrastructure to identify those who
deserve to receive subsidies; and based on the information that it has, it can
specify the target community.

Concern about the share of production in the second phase of making subsidies
purposeful

One of the other serious concerns about the law ratified by the Majlis is the
lack of specific mechanisms for giving the production sector its share from the
implementation of this law, an issue that was disregarded in the first phase. If
the Majlis does not mandate the government to offer a specific mechanism for
allocating the share of production in the second phase of making subsidies
purposeful as in the past, the funds will be allocated based on personal
preference, and in the best-case scenario, based on the personal preferences of
a few experts without a transparent mechanism. 'Abdeh Tabrizi, the advisor to
the minister of roads and urban development and the former secretary general of
the Stock Exchange (Burs), said in this connection to Tasnim: "Various
experiences in recent years have shown that whether or not we give cash, lend
money interest free, or provide cheap raw materials or dollars to the producers,
they transfer to the consumers the additional costs resulting from the increase
in the price of energy in the form of the increase in the prices of their
products. Industries have never sold their products proportionate to the foreign
currency rate that they have received or the price of the government raw
materials that they have received. In other words, the industries have always
sold their products to the consumers based on the open market rates, and
whenever the gap between the nominal rate and the open market rate has
increased, it has had no result other than the increase in economic inequality
in addition to the increase in corruption in the economy." Of course, the
government must specify the logic of identifying the sectors of production that
will be eligible to receive subsidies in order to be critiqued and for the
possible shortcomings and problems to be eliminated, and in order to decrease
the possible consequences of disregarding some of the production sectors.

Source: Tehran-e Emruz website, Tehran, in Persian 19 Feb 14

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             July 29, 2006 Saturday
                          First with the news Edition

Reaping the cash crop

BYLINE: Luke Collins

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 1229  words


The US continues to fork out millions of dollars in farm subsidies to people who
are not farmers, writes Luke Collins

SCOTTIE Pippen is a 203cm basketball star famous for being Michael Jordan's
right-hand man when the Chicago Bulls won six National Basketball Association
titles in the 1990s.

His playing days are over, but he's an assistant coach for the Los Angeles
Lakers, TV commentator, snappy dresser and high-stakes poker fan. Oh, and he's a
farmer.

Pippen made more than US$10 million ($13.2 million) a year in the NBA, yet
American taxpayers have paid him more than US$200,000 in farm subsidies in the
past decade.

CNN media founder and billionaire Ted Turner has pocketed thousands, as has
David Rockefeller, grandson of oil tycoon John Rockefeller. Even the late Ken
Lay, the former chairman of Enron, was apparently a ''farmer''.

To make matters worse, thousands of suburban Americans receive subsidies because
their properties were once used to grow crops. According to a recent analysis by
The Washington Post, the US Government has paid US$1.3 billion in subsidies
since 2000 to these non-farming individuals.

''There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to why you get farm payments,''
said Richard Wiles, a senior vice-president with non-profit research firm
Environmental Working Group. ''These payments are so decoupled from actual
farming that that has become the problem. It's mind-blowing. You own a house on
a subdivision, you get a payment.''

EWG has highlighted the out-of-control system of US farm subsidies, creating a
money-trail payment data base showing that 72 per cent of the US$144 billion
paid between 1995 and 2004 flowed to the top 10 per cent of recipients.
Subsidies last year totalled US$23 billion and the revelations have sparked
heated public debate.

While critics are confident US Congress will be forced to change the system in
next year's Farm Bill, opposition will come from the farm lobby and lawmakers
from states where subsidies are politically popular. They regularly point out
European subsidies are greater in dollar terms and claim the rest of the world
wants to hand the US a raw deal.

''I'm not saying it's impossible to force radical change on to farmers,'' former
congressman Larry Combest, who headed the House Agriculture Committee when the
Farm Bill was rewritten in 1996, said recently. ''I'm just saying that before
all the medley of malefactors who are teamed up to bring farm policy down in
this country break out the inverted pentagrams or whatever voodoo that unites
them, they need to understand the real environment -- as opposed to the one they
are trying to conjure -- is not on their side.''

Combest declined the challenge to debate EWG president Ken Cook on the subsidies
.

''This is a passionate defender of farmers who has spent years vilifying us,''
said EWG spokeswoman Laura Sucher. ''If he's not going to get up and defend the
programs, who will?''

And why won't he?

The reason is that Combest's ''real environment'' exists behind closed doors. It
is the lobbying that takes place on Washington's Capitol Hill, the allocation of
money for special interests and pledges of support in exchange for other
favours. The cycle of largesse is hard to break, especially in an election year
when Republicans could lose control of both houses of Congress.

Farm subsidies were introduced in 1933 during the Great Depression as a
temporary measure to offset weak crop prices. It was arguably in the national
interest: About a quarter of Americans lived on farms and the industry comprised
25 per cent of the country's economy.

Today, less than 1 per cent of Americans live on farms and the industry
contributes about 2 per cent of GDP. Yet the subsidies remain, despite farmers
last year reporting near-record pre-tax industry earnings of US$72 billion. And
they have grown since the 1996 Freedom to Farm Bill, hailed as a way to wean
farmers off the government payroll.

The Bill scheduled a seven-year subsidy phase-out. At the time, crop prices were
high and the government agreed to make transition payments to farmers as it
broke the link between production, prices and subsidies. A year later, crop
prices plunged and US Congress authorised emergency payments. The result?
Double, triple and quadruple dipping that saw total subsidies skyrocket.

In 1996, about 13 per cent of farmers' income came from subsidies; by 2000, it
was 49 per cent.

The scheme to make farmers more accountable to market forces had instead given
them the freedom to farm Washington for money.

''Farm subsidies take money from consumers and producers and transfer it to a
relatively small group of wealthy people,'' said Dan Sumner, director of the
Agricultural Issues Centre at the University of California at Davis.

AMERICA'S POLITICAL SYSTEMis a major reason why merely reducing subsidies is
tricky. Every state has two senators regardless of population, which means
lawmakers from small and more heavily agricultural states such as South Dakota
and Minnesota hold disproportionate power.

In addition, US presidential primaries begin in Iowa, a major farming state and
the country's biggest producer of its biggest crop -- corn. Primaries are the
process by which the Republican and Democrat parties choose presidential
candidates, so appealing to Iowa's voters is crucial.

''They don't want to be branded by their opponents as being anti-farmer so it's
politically difficult for them to oppose these subsidies,'' said Bruce Babcock,
director of Iowa State University's Centre for Agriculture.

''But if you removed these subsidies from the farming communities it would be
minimal."

Many lawmakers agree, including the Bush Administration and many Republicans.
Australian officials won't comment publicly on their lobbying efforts, but are
privately supporting the push for money to be reallocated from direct subsidies
to so-called ''green box'' programs such as conservation and water management
that do not distort trade.

Younger farmers also back reform as subsidies create a barrier to industry entry
by inflating property prices.

If change does happen, it will be driven by three main factors: Firstly,
America's budget deficit this year is expected to be around US$300 billion,
which severely limits Washington's ability to spend and puts pressure on
lawmakers to trim costs. Secondly, crop prices are high and profits strong,
making it an opportune time to remove subsidies with minimal impact.

Yet perhaps the biggest incentive comes from this week's apparent collapse of
the Doha round of trade talks. Ironically, it was Washington's position on
subsidies that contributed to their failure as the US refused to concede while
expecting Europe and other nations to open their markets.

The European Union's trade chief, Peter Mandelson, this week offered a terse
explanation for the Doha collapse: ''The US has been asking too much from others
in exchange for doing too little themselves,'' he said.

Yet two years ago, the World Trade Organisation backed Brazil and ruled
America's cotton subsidies distorted trade by depressing prices. The decision,
grudgingly accepted by the Bush Administration, forced changes to America's
cotton subsidies and was regarded as a crucial benchmark. Countries had resisted
lodging complaints about crops such as wheat, corn, rice and soybeans pending
the outcome of the Doha round. Experts now tip a rash of WTO cases.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

Hajj air ticket prices go up 20% as govt reduces subsidy

BYLINE: Sunny Sen

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Air ticket prices have gone up 20% for Hajj pilgrims as the government continues
to cut Hajj subsidy given to eligible pilgrims, said officials at the ministry
of civil aviation. Tickets that were available for Rs 35,000 last year cost
about Rs 42,000 now.

In 2010, the ministry of minority affairs proposed that the subsidy should be
removed as it goes against the teachings of Islam.

In 2012, the Supreme Court ordered the government to abolish subsidy-related
travel by 2022. As a practice, every year the government has cut the subsidy
given on air fares and increased air ticket prices, said the officials.

However, over the years, a larger number of Hajjis availed the subsidy. In 2000,
the number of those who got the subsidy was about 70,000; the number went up to
1,25,000 in 2011, a year before the Supreme Court ruling came.

Last year, the government gave a subsidy of Rs 750 crore to Hajj pilgrims, which
the government expects to cut to Rs 500 crore this fiscal.

The Hajj travel subsidy was given to Indian Muslim pilgrims. The subsidy,
initially for all Indian Muslim travellers, was limited to those who applied
through the Hajj Committee in 1979. The subsidised fare was offered by Air India
and two other Middle Eastern airlines, one of them being Saudia.

In 2000, more than 1.5 million Muslims  used the subsidy, and every year around
100,000 travellers avail the concessionary fare.

In 2008, the subsidy was more than double of the last year's at R73,000 for each
traveller from the country. The subsidy also included special assistance to
travellers like meals, medical care and lodging. However, the majority of the
concession was  on air tickets.

Every year, over 230 flights take pilgrims to the religious destination and fly
them back. Officials said 50% of the seats are provided by state-owned carrier
Air India.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday

MENA countries plan to cut energy subsidies to reduce budget deficits

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, June 8 -- Middle East and North Africa (MENA) countries in general
are in favour of cutting the energy subsidies targeting redirection of the
supports to the poor and pushing down their budget deficits, policy makers and
experts said.

The observations came at a discussion on 'the Dilemma of Subsidy Reform and
Equity in MENA', held at the King Hussein Bin Talal Convention Centre in the
Dead Sea, Jordan Friday night with Ahmed Galal, finance minister of Egypt, in
the chair.

The discussion was organised as part of the ongoing seventeenth World Congress
of the International Economic Association (IEA) where around 600 participants
are taking part from across the world.

Countries of the MENA and a number of developing states are not in a position to
afford these huge subsidies. For many developing countries, energy subsidies are
expensive; they eat up national budgets and benefits are going mostly to the
richest citizens, according to the speakers.

Energy subsidies are measures that keep prices for consumers below market levels
and reduce costs for consumers and producers. It may be direct cash transfers to
producers, consumers, or related bodies, as well as indirect support mechanisms,
such as tax exemptions and rebates, price controls, trade restrictions, and
limits on market access.

There were different views on timeline of enforcement of the removal of
subsidies in different countries, as observed in the discussion. In some
countries short-term strategy has been opted whereas in some countries policy
markers are in favour of relatively longer term strategies.

The speakers reminded the well-known arguments in favour of energy subsidies
that include security of supply, economic benefits, employment and social
benefits. There are also arguments that environmental improvement may also be
facilitated by subsidies when used to reduce pollution and different emissions,
and to fulfil international obligations.

Sherine EI-Shawarby, deputy finance minister of Egypt, said the decision on
reduction of subsidy is very difficult and politically unpopular. "Thus strong
political will is a must for enforcement of such a decision."

Paolo Verme, senior poverty specialist for North-Africa and Middle-East of the
World Bank, suggested that no single formula is the best for all, rather each
country should decide on its policy and strategy considering its internal
requirements and conditions.

Djavad Salehi-Isfahani, professor of economics at Virginia Tech in the USA,
explained the disappointed experience on the cash subsidies, offered to the poor
in Iran by replacing energy subsidies.

Describing the recent initiatives, Ibrahim Seif, planning and international
cooperation minister of Jordan, elaborated the Jordanian government's strategy
to promote renewable energy in the country's energy-mix to ensure energy
efficiency.

Talking to the FE, Shah Md. Ahsan Habib, professor and director of the
Bangladesh Institute of Bank Management (BIBM), said: "In regard to the lesson
from the discussion in the context of energy subsidy in Bangladesh, it is time
to assess: who are the true beneficiaries of the energy subsidy in the country?
Is it really pro-poor? If not, we need to initiate measures to reallocate the
distribution of subsidy."

He also said the subsidy in the country is not un-expected; however, it must
reach the target group. "And considering the growing need and environmental
issues, more emphasis should be laid on renewable energy sector for ensuring
long term sustainability in the energy sector of the country."

The Bangladesh government has proposed BDT 94 billion as subsidy to the power
and energy sector for the next fiscal year (FY) 2014-15, which is 30 per cent
less than that of the previous budget, according to the BIBM director.

"Considering the decrease in the amount, some may call this a progressive step.
However, this may not be that straight forward. It is really encouraging that
government has slowly started supporting the renewable energy sector," Dr. Habib
noted.

He also said that the Bangladesh Bank (BB) has attained a remarkable landmark by
introducing green banking to promote renewable energy sector in the country.

The central bank has introduced a refinance line for the commercial banks
against their loans to environmentally beneficial projects including renewable
energy generation, installation of Effluent Treatment Plants and new energy
efficient technologies at a concessional interest rate.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Prudence the key in subsidy removal

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 861 words


WITH the proposed implementation of the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in 2015,
the abolishment of sugar subsidies and the upcoming hikes in electricity and
toll prices, Malaysians are looking at an upcoming period of inflationary
prices.

Prior to Budget 2014, Treasury Secretary-General Tan Sri Dr Mohd Irwan had
already suggested the complete elimination of existing subsidies, describing it
as "a gradual liberalisation towards the market". As we approach this period
with caution, will this further implicate the rakyat's lives?

As commonly practised globally, subsidies are provided by the government during
the infant stages of an economy, especially in the energy sector. Maintaining a
low cost for transportation stimulates demand for spending while industrial
firms can operate at competitive costs.

This has a strong multiplier effect on the growth of Gross Domestic Product but
only up to a certain threshold. Eventually the strength of this multiplier hits
a plateau once the country's industrial sector is up and running, succumbing to
the law of diminishing marginal returns.

Thus subsidy liberalisation should have been gradual over a long span of years
to soften inflation and ease our economy through the transition to market-priced
fuel.

Evidently, the government pursued the populist policy over the years and still
maintains an artificially low-priced fuel up till today.

The subsidy scheme has several impacts from a socio-economic perspective: it
drains government revenue, has fostered a deeply-rooted subsidy dependence
syndrome and unintended beneficiaries receive the largest slice of the economic
pie. The Centre for Public Policy Studies has six suggestions to address the
matter:

Prices - Fuel goes up, vehicles come down

Economic principles suggest that consumers spending associate strongly between
two complementary goods if they are bought to be used together, which in this
case would be fuel with motor vehicles. Employing the policies of cutting
subsidies and excise taxes together will be timely to entice public reception
while also dampening the economic impact on private consumption and inflation.
The revised National Automotive Policy to be announced next month provides a
suitable opportunity to reduce vehicle prices to coincide with subsidy reforms.
This will deliver two-fold benefits to the economy as the deadweight loss of
taxes and subsidies are reduced.

Limit subsidies, prior to eventual removal

The best effort to limit subsidies in Malaysia is practised in the industrial
sector for the purchase of diesel, which is set at market price for businesses
and factories. The government launched a system of fleet cards for public
transportation firms in 2006. Operators who registered with the Ministry of
Domestic Trade and Consumer Affairs received a fleet card which entitled them to
a 15 sen per litre discount. Transposing this system to the consumer sector
would be a large task and prove costly, but it is feasible by associating the
issuance of fleet cards with vehicle sales.

Substitute subsidies forvouchers as an alternative

1Malaysia People's Aid (BR1M) hand-outs are well-targeted but the problem of
cash incentives is the inefficient utilisation to spend it on their intended
purposes. It would be inadvisable to cut subsidies and channel it solely into
hand-outs. Although BR1M is the populist policy, the additional revenue from
subsidy cuts can be given back to the people in the form of redeemable vouchers
for specific goods that they intend to provide for the poor. Fuel vouchers are
similar to quotas which can be distributed at the filing of income tax, to
control the amount of fuel each household or person can receive, for example, 50
litres per month.

Pick the right timing during a period of inflation

It will be tough for the government to reform subsidies during an inflationary
period that Malaysia will soon experience. Selecting the right periods to shave
fuel subsidies can possibly complement or clash with the scheduled price hike
inflation and either dampen or swell the inflationary shock on the economy. The
Finance Ministry will have to carry out comprehensive studies to identify
appropriate timing windows which will help keep inflation under control.

Bridging the information gap

Addressing the people's needs is crucial in attaining a good reception from
society. Transparency and extensive communication with the public is a key
aspect in garnering public support. Engaging with society by committing to an
elaborate five to eight-year liberalisation policy time frame would be a step
forward in disseminating information effectively. There should be specific plans
for gradual year-by-year reduction of fuel subsidies, such as 10 sen per litre
per year.

Slashing government expenditure

The government, as the elected leader, must spend prudently in conjunction with
the removal of subsidies. Taking away subsidies from the people is not the only
solution to the budget deficit. It would be far easier to identify wastage and
reduce expenses within the government coffers. Discipline and altruism are
required from both the government and the people, working as a cohesive
Malaysian unit.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

Govt should not reduce food security subsidy: Montek Singh Ahluwalia

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 4 -- Planning Commission, Deputy Chairman, Montek Singh Ahluwalia
has expressed his personal views on food security subsidy by stating that the
government should not reduce this subsidy, even if the country's fiscal
situation remains under pressure.

"I would say food security should be the first charge on subsidy budget. And if
it turns out that basically there is a fiscal problem and we can't afford
subsidy, we should cut the other subsidy, not the food security subsidy. That
will be my view," Ahluwalia said.

"In my view, I am not expressing government policy, but in my view, it is highly
distortionary policy," he added.

He, however, added that instead of food subsidy, the government should cut
fertiliser subsidy to half as the use of chemicals damage soil nutrition.

The Deputy Chairman also favoured complete elimination of subsidy on petrol.
While stating that the fuel is usually consumed by upper-income groups, he added
that petrol subsidy does not offer any help to the poor.

In the Budget for 2013-14, the Finance Minister P Chidambaram has proposed to
cut subsidies on fuel, food and fertilisers by 11 per cent to over Rs 2.20 lakh
crore, compared with revised estimates for the current financial year in order
to bring down the rapidly increasing fiscal deficit. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited . For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2013 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: Iran may cut cash subsidies of 29 million people

BYLINE: F.Milad, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 218 words


March 31--If the Iranian administration does not increase the budget for paying
cash subsidies in the second phase of the Subsidy Reform Plan, it will have to
remove subsidies of 29 million people, according to Khabaronline website.

In the past calendar year, which ended on March 19, the government allocated 400
trillion rials (some $32 billion) to pay 455,000 rials to each Iranian monthly
as cash subsidies.

So, if the government does not boost the budget, it should cut cash handouts of
29 million people, as it has been announced that the subsidy figure will rise to
735,000 rials in the second phase.

The second phase of implementing the plan has envisaged removing subsidies of
some three million Iranian families. The Iranian government is planning to pay
more cash subsidies to the economically vulnerable strata and cut subsidies of
the well-off families.

The plan, launched in December 2010, allows the Iranian government to gradually
slash subsidies on fuel, electricity, and certain goods over the course of five
years, with low-income families being compensated with direct cash handouts.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

___ (c)2012 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120331-1AZ-BRF-Iran-may-cut-cash-subsidies
-of-29-million-people-0331-20120331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2012


                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 24, 2005 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Farmers support subsidy cuts, spokesman says

BYLINE: Alexander V. Ragir Medill News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 447 words


Where's the beef?

Last month the Bush administration offered at international free-trade meetings
to cut farm subsidies by 60 percent within the next five years.

Payouts to farmers this year are expected to soar to a record $22 billion but
most Indiana and Illinois farm lobbyists and politicians aren't challenging the
proposed cuts. They say they want free trade, not subsidies.

"If you read the headline about cuts, it's shocking, but if you read the
agreement you can live with it," said Adam Nielsen, a spokesman for the Illinois
Farm Bureau. "It helped keep negotiations moving forward. In return we're hoping
for lower tariffs."

Last year, the Bureau estimates, Illinois received $1.1 billion in farm
subsidies, up by $250 million from 2003.

Nielsen said farmers would rather export than get subsidies. He said
agricultural tariffs worldwide average 62 percent, while the U.S. charges only
12 percent. If all tariffs were eliminated globally, the bureau estimates U.S.
farmers could increase their exports by $23 billion a year.

"If trade negotiations gets to the point that they may become a reality, the
trade reforms have to happen before the (subsidy) cuts go in effect," said Chris
Novak, executive director of the Indiana Soybean Growers Association and the
Indiana Corn Growers Association.

"If that didn't happen you would see the farm lobby challenging it."

Novak said subsidies support farmers who compete with even greater subsidies in
other countries.

"We don't want to unilaterally disarm," he said, adding that World Trade
Organization agreements take a long time and the cuts are just a proposal.

Current farm subsidies paid to farmers in Indiana and Illinois are huge.

According to the Washington-based Environmental Working Group, three Illinois
congressional districts received $5.87 billion in farm subsidies from 1995 to
2004. The group said the subsidies support large farm operations, not poor
farmers, and deadlock agriculture exports of poor nations.

"Whether you're outraged by misplaced spending priorities in Washington or
affronted by missed opportunities in world trade talks, one thing is clear: farm
subsidy policy is too important to leave to the subsidized," said Ken Cook,
president of the Environmental Working Group, in a statement. "It's time for
politicians here and in Europe to embrace reform."

Rep. Timothy Johnson, an Illinois Republican whose district received $2.2
billion in subsidies from 1995 to 2004, according to EWG, was the only
Republican on the House Agriculture Committee to oppose a reconciliation bill to
cut subsidies, said Phil Bloomer, a spokesman.

"We are not going to support anything that cuts direct support to farmers," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                     May 8, 1988, Sunday, National Edition

Focus;
Housing Subsidies in Doubt

BYLINE: By HILARY STOUT

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1101 words


TENANT groups, property owners and some Government officials fear that the
nation's low- and moderate-income housing supply could be reduced in the 90's
because of the expiration of more than a million Federal rental subsidy
contracts.

There are two million privately owned, federally subsidized housing units in the
United States, and almost a million additional units whose occupants receive
Federal rental subsidies. The purpose of the program, set up in the 1970's, is
to provide low- and moderate-income housing. It sets rents at no more than 30
percent of the tenants' income, and makes up with Federal funds the difference
between the market rent and what tenants pay.

In February, a task force set up by an association of owners of private,
federally subsidized properties released a report that said that the subsidies
would run out on 1.4 million units by the turn of the century, and on more than
700,000 units by 1995.

Unless the subsidies are replaced, many owners would find it difficult or
impossible to operate properties solely on the basis of the rents the tenants
can afford.

''The task force believes that the matter of expiring rent subsidies is the
major threat to the existing housing inventory,'' according to the report of the
National Housing Preservation Task Force. The study said that the subsidy issue
overshadows the problem of landlords of low- and moderate-income housing who are
prepaying federally subsidized mortgages and loans to convert their properties
into condos or fair-market rentals.

For many tenants, an expiration of subsidies would result in displacement, said
Barry Zigas, president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition and a member
of the task force that prepared the report. But, he added, ''it really depends
on the property.''

''There are some projects that are total artifacts of subsidies, that absent the
subsidies are simply going to default,'' said Mr. Zigas. ''Owners will simply
tell H.U.D. (the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development), 'Take
your mortgage.' In those cases the consequences will not lead to immediate
displacement, because H.U.D. will come in and take over the project. But it may
mean the quality of life may deteriorate because there will not be routine
investments made in the place.''

But for property owners in areas where market-value rents have escalated, he
added, ''the expiration of a subsidy contract will simply be an excuse'' to get
out of the low- and moderate-income housing business.

''Some owners will have the ability to prepay and escape altogether,'' he said.
And tenants, unable to pay the higher rents, will be forced to leave.

The task force report, ''The Preservation of Low and Moderate Income Housing in
the United States,'' outlined this timetable for subsidy expirations:

* In 1990, 12,000 certificates or vouchers - subsidy guarantees awarded to
tenants to put toward fair-market rental - will expire, and by 1995 another
636,000 will be up.

* In 1991, subsidies allocated under the Section 8 Loan Management Set Aside
program to help projects in danger of foreclosure will begin to expire, and by
the year 2000 virtually all 280,000 loan management units will be lost. These
were five-year contracts, half of which were entered into in the late 70's,
renewable up to 15 years.

* In 1996, a number of 20-year contracts that provided rent subsidies to newly
constructed or substantially rehabilitated projects will begin expiring. They
will come due at an increasingly rapid rate through the year 2000, when more
than 200,000 units in the program will have lost their subsidies.

* In 1995, the subsidy contracts under the Section 8 moderate rehabilitation
program will begin expiring, and more than 90,000 of them will be gone by the
year 2000.

The report ''surprised a lot of people,'' said Carl Coan 3d, executive director
of the task force and a Washington lawyer.

Donald Campbell, an aide to Senator Alan Cranston, chairman of the Senate
Subcommittee on Housing and Urban Affairs, said that the subcommittee plans to
address subsidy expirations in legislation this summer, but it does not yet have
a specific program.

THE subsidy expirations come as the supply of affordable housing is dwindling.
Since 1981, Federal aid for adding low- and moderate-income housing declined
almost 70 percent, according to the task force report. The Federal tax code
passed in 1986 removed a number of tax incentives for owning low- or
moderate-income properties. Under the Reagan Administration, the Department of
Housing and Urban Development has been reluctant to create more long-term
agreements with owners.

''It's potentially a very serious problem,'' Lynda Given, director of the Prince
George's County Department of Housing and Community Development in southern
Maryland, said of the possible loss of subsidies.

But others are less worried. They say that if the Government does not extend the
subsidies, it will establish an alternative.

''My sense is that some Government agency is going to want to guarantee that we
have some contract available,'' said John Bloom, property manager of Church Park
in Boston, a 508-unit mixed-income property with 127 Section 8 units.

The Government has shown a willingness to add new vouchers, but not
project-based contracts. H. U. D. has asked for 100,000 additional vouchers for
fiscal year 1989.

''We see it as a problem and we are dealing with the human side of the problem
through our vouchers,'' said Thomas T. Demery, the assistant secretary for
housing and a Federal housing commissioner. ''But that is a short-term problem.
The long term is on the supply side, what happens to the housing stock? And
there is no answer.''

Indeed, housing advocates feel that the adaptability of the vouchers will
threaten projects that depend on subsidies because tenants can use them wherever
they wish. They are calling for the extension of project-based subsidies.
Housing advocates are increasingly looking to the states for assistance to
offset the evaporating Federal subsidies. But others say that the states cannot
be expected to fill the huge gaps.

Massachusetts, one of the first states to discuss solutions, is likely to be one
of the earliest and hardest hit because it had been active in housing programs
in the 60's and 70's. Developers have been asked to sign a pledge that they will
work with the state's Secretary of Community Development to protect families
from displacement, said Marvin Siflinger, executive director of the agency. Most
developers whose property is at risk have signed the pledge, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

A case for expanding DBT

LENGTH: 963  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Jan. 8 -- The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government, by
design and thanks to some legacy benefits from the United Progressive Alliance
(UPA) government's term, is increasingly finding itself in a sweet spot where
social security aid and subsidies can finally be rid of the long-standing issues
plaguing such systems in India. The two major issues with subsidies in India -
targeting and leakages - can both be tackled by the government's ongoing Direct
Benefits Transfer (DBT) push. The time is now ripe to have DBT for all subsidy
programmes.


 Leakages occur when the subsidy does not reach the recipient due to corruption,
pilferage or other causes. Mis-targeting benefits higher income groups that
don't really deserve the subsidies, thereby needlessly increasing the
government's expenditure.
 The government's DBT plan, which simply involves transferring the subsidy
amount directly to the beneficiaries' bank accounts instead of having to fiddle
around with differential pricing for the underprivileged, can effectively
address the issue of leakages and go a long way in solving the mis-targeting
problem.
 Efficient targeting, using Aadhaar-linked data, ensures that the intended
beneficiary receives the money in his account, thus helping him as well as
reducing the government's subsidy burden. This has resulted in effectively
solving the leakage and mis-targeting problems in some schemes, but other
schemes have shown that they need more work to be efficient.
 The case of MGNREGA wages is an example where DBT effectively addressed both
issues at once. In the beginning, there were reports across the country of
MGNREGA wages - at the time given in cash - being misappropriated by middlemen
in such large-scale systems. In 2013, the government initiated the DBT scheme in
MGNREGA after several successful pilot projects and eliminated these middlemen
to a large extent. So far, in this financial year, under this scheme, Rs.20,500
crore has been credited to the accounts of almost 5 crore people. All the
beneficiaries - only the beneficiaries - stood to reap benefits from MGNREGA
wages.
 More fine-tuning
 However, other schemes, though successful, need more fine-tuning. While the
original DBT scheme for liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) subsidies, named PAHAL
[Pratyaksh Hanstantrit Labh], was launched in June 2013, the NDA government
modified and re-launched the scheme in 54 districts on in November 2014; for the
rest of the country it was January 2015. The idea was that consumers link their
Aadhaar number to a bank account and receive the subsidy amount for 12 cylinders
in a year. Those without an Aadhaar number could furnish any other bank account
to receive the subsidy.
 Now, while this ensured that all LPG consumers could, in theory, avail of the
subsidy, it also meant that a large proportion of the subsidies were going to
people who could afford LPG cylinders at the un-subsidised rate. Towards this,
and to the credit of the government, it was recently decided that people earning
more than Rs.10 lakh a year would not be eligible for the LPG subsidy.
 So, DBT addresses the leakages issue while the income cap addresses the
mis-targeting problem. Back-of-the-envelope calculations (since there are no
accurate figures of how many LPG users earn more than Rs.10 lakh) peg the
government's savings from such a move at around Rs.5,000 crore a year.
 There are also subsidy schemes where DBT, in its efficient implementation,
could actually result in adverse outcomes. Take the example of DBT in the
kerosene scheme the Centre is incentivising States to adopt. The benefits here
are immense. Experts estimate that around half the kerosene sold in the country
is being misused. Instead of being used as lighting fuel - its most common use -
kerosene is being used to adulterate diesel among other things. This means that
the benefit of kerosene being sold at subsidised rates is also unintentionally
going to those involved in such activities.
 Under the DBT in kerosene scheme, the consumer buys kerosene at full price and
then receives the subsidy amount in his bank account if eligible. Here, too,
mis-targeting and leakages are addressed. But, as economist Pronab Sen has
pointed out, this could lead to unintended outcomes unless the scheme is managed
carefully.
 If the subsidy amount each household is due is calculated on the basis of the
total amount of kerosene sold divided by the number of eligible households, then
this will result in each household receiving about double the subsidy amount it
should be getting because total usage also takes into account pilferage. In
other words, the total sales figures overestimate actual household-level usage
because they also take into account usage by theft.
 Over-subsidising kerosene to such an extent will mean that it will remain the
lighting fuel of choice for poor households, with no chance of a switch being
made to cleaner energy sources like solar power. So, in improving the targeting
of kerosene subsidies, the government could be cementing the use of the dirty
fuel in future. The possibility that the government will subsequently reduce the
subsidy amount, viewed as a political no-no, seems remote.
 Currently, the government has introduced DBT in food subsidies in only a few
Union Territories and is looking to introduce it in fertilizer subsidies as well
- a fervent demand made by farmers' associations when they met the Finance
Minister for a pre-Budget meeting recently.
 The sweet spot created by universalising banking via the Jan-Dhan Yojana,
efficient targeting via Aadhaar, and the increasing ubiquity of smartphones is
so attractive that the government should make full use of it to extend DBT to
all subsidy schemes. It's a win-win.
 sharad.raghavan@thehindu.co.in

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Quarterly Update to Annual Listing of Foreign Government
Subsidies on Articles of Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:




   DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE International Trade Administration Quarterly Update to
Annual Listing of Foreign Government Subsidies on Articles of Cheese Subject to
an In-Quota Rate of Duty AGENCY: Enforcement and Compliance, International Trade
Administration Department of Commerce DATES: Effective Date: November 12, 2015.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Stephanie Moore, AD/CVD Operations, Office III,
Enforcement and Compliance, International Trade Administration, U.S. Department
of Commerce, 14th Street and Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230,
telephone: (202) 482-3692. SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Section 702 of the Trade
Agreements Act of 1979 (as amended) (the Act) requires the Department of
Commerce (the Department) to determine, in consultation with the Secretary of
Agriculture, whether any foreign government is providing a subsidy with respect
to any article of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of duty, as defined in
section 702(h) of the Act, and to publish quarterly updates to the type and
amount of those subsidies.

   We hereby provide the Department's quarterly update of subsidies on articles
of cheese that were imported during the periods April 1, 2015, through June 30,
2015. The Department has developed, in consultation with the Secretary of
Agriculture, information on subsidies, as defined in section 702(h) of the Act,
being provided either directly or indirectly by foreign governments on articles
of cheese subject to an in-quota rate of duty. The appendix to this notice lists
the country, the subsidy program or programs, and the gross and net amounts of
each subsidy for which information is currently available. The Department will
incorporate additional programs which are found to constitute subsidies, and
additional information on the subsidy programs listed, as the information is
developed. The Department encourages any person having information on foreign
government subsidy programs which benefit articles of cheese subject to an
in-quota rate of duty to submit such information in writing to the Assistant
Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance, U.S. Department of Commerce, 14\th\
Street and Constitution Ave. NW., Washington, DC 20230. This determination and
notice are in accordance with section 702(a) of the Act.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\
Defined in 19 U.S.C. 1677(5). \2\ Defined in 19 U.S.C. 1677(6). Dated: November
4, 2015. Paul Piquado, Assistant Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance.
Appendix Subsidy Programs on Cheese Subject to an In-Quota Rate of Duty
--------------------------------------------------------------------------- \3\
The 28 member states of the European Union are: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria,
Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany,
Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta,
Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, and
the United Kingdom.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- Gross \1\ Net \2\ subsidy Country Program(s)
subsidy ($/lb) ($/lb)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- 28 European Union Member States \3\..........
European Union Restitution 0.00 0.00 Payments.
Canada....................................... Export Assistance on Certain 0.43
0.43 Types of Cheese. Norway....................................... Indirect
(Milk) Subsidy........ 0.00 0.00 Consumer Subsidy............... 0.00 0.00
rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Total..........................
0.00 0.00 Switzerland.................................. Deficiency
Payments............ 0.00 0.00
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------- [FR Doc. 2015-28758 Filed 11-10-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3510-DS-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                             June 07, 2008 Saturday
                                   e1 Edition

Taxis en route to receiving subsidy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 258 words


By CARVIN GOLDSTONE

Increasing fuel prices have forced the taxi industry to raise fares dramatically
but a government subsidy is being worked on to help hard-pressed passengers.

High-level government talks have already begun with taxi stakeholders about the
feasibility of introducing a commuter subsidy.

Bus and rail operators already receive a subsidy which enables them to carry
passengers at reduced prices.

But the taxi industry is South Africa's most popular mode of public transport,
ferrying 60-70% of commuters every day.

National Department of Transport spokesman Collen Msibi said there were plans
for a subsidy and the discussions were at an advanced stage.

"The subsidy will not subsidise taxis but commuters and it is definitely on the
cards."

Msibi said there were a couple of proposals they had looked into but the most
likely was that the public transport subsidy for taxis would be an extension of
the bus industry subsidy system currently in operation.

He explained that with the bus subsidy the bus company was paid according to
kilometres travelled and passengers carried. So if this model is used, for taxi
operators to qualify for a subsidy they would have to keep records of both.

Msibi said they were hoping the subsidy would be implemented before the 2010
World Cup.

In April, Transport Minister Jeff Radebe advocated "transport networks that
ensure integration of all modes" to reduce public transport costs. He also
indicated that the operational subsidies for taxis had been under discussion in
his department for more than two years.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 4, 2016 Saturday

Subsidies increased by two percent to Rs 140.6 billion

BYLINE: MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 156

LENGTH: 647  words


The federal government has increased subsidies by slightly over 2 per cent to Rs
140.6 billion for fiscal year 2016-17 against Rs 137.603 billion budgeted for
the current fiscal year. Budgeted subsidy for the current year is understated
for some items (K-electric) and over stated (example oil refineries and OMCs)
for other items in the revised estimates.

According to revised estimates for 2015-16 the amount of subsidies increased to
Rs 196.541 billion. If the budgeted allocation for 2016-17 and revised estimates
are compared, the subsidies are 28.4 per cent less than actual allocations.
According to budget documents, subsidy to Wapda/ Pepco has been proposed to be
slashed by 2.65 per cent to Rs 95.4 billion in 2016-17 from Rs 98 billion
allocated for 2015-16. However, the amount of subsidy to Wapda/ Pepco revised
upward to Rs 117.805 billion was 19 per cent higher than the amount earmarked
for next fiscal year. However, there will be no change in Inter-Disco Tariff
Differential as the amount of subsidy for this purpose will be Rs 60 billion for
next fiscal year which is at par with the allocations of current fiscal year.

The amount of subsidy for tariff differential for agri-tubewells in Balochistan
has been slashed to Rs 8.4 billion in 2016-17 against Rs 9 billion allocated for
current fiscal year and revised amount of Rs 10.641 billion. To pick up Wapda/
Pepco receivables from FATA, the government has allocated Rs 8 billion for
2016-17 as compared to Rs 6 billion for 2015-16 which was later revised upward
to Rs 20.868 billion. An amount of Rs 19 billion has been earmarked to pay
inter-Discos tariff differential (arrears) for next fiscal year against the same
amount of last year. However, Finance Ministry released only Rs 16.316 billion
under this head.

The government has not allocated a single penny to pick up Wapda/Pepco
receivables from AJK. In the current year Rs 4 billion was allocated for this
purpose. Budget documents further disclose that the government has earmarked Rs
22.6 billion to pay subsidy to KE for 2016-17 against Rs 20 billion allocated
for the current year, posting an increase of 13 per cent. However, the revised
subsidy was Rs 53.4 billion which was far more than the allocations for next
fiscal year. KE would also get Rs 600 million as subsidy on agri-tubewells for
Balochistan.

The government has also earmarked Rs 7 billion as subsidy to USC which is at par
with the outgoing fiscal year. However, the government released only Rs 5
billion to the corporation. For Ramazan package, an amount of Rs 2 billion has
been earmarked for next fiscal year against Rs 3 billion allocated in 2015-16.
An amount of Rs 5 billion has been earmarked to pay arrears to clear sugar
arrears, which is Rs 1 billion more than the outgoing fiscal year. However, the
government released Rs 2 billion for this purpose.

The government has also earmarked Rs 15.3 billion as subsidy to PASSCO for
2016-17 against Rs 11.3 billion allocated in 2015-16. However, the released
amount stood at Rs 10 billion. Allocation for wheat stock reserve stocks will be
Rs 7 billion against Rs 5 billion in 2015-16. The government also earmarked Rs
1.3 billion for freight subsidy on sugar exports by TDAP but the amount was not
released due to NAB's involvement.

No subsidy has been earmarked for National Food Security and Research Division
and on fertiliser though the government had not allocated a single penny in
2015-16 for this purpose, later on released an amount of Rs 20 billion under
these heads. Allocations for other subsidies have been slashed to Rs 300 billion
from Rs 1.303 billion estimated for the current fiscal year; Rs 300 million has
been allocated as subsidy on wheat to FATA. No amount has been allocated for
subsidy to refineries. In 2015-16's budget, the government had allocated Rs 1
billion for refineries but did not release the amount.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 29, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

IMF decries fossil fuel subsidies;
ENERGY

BYLINE: Peter Hannam

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 580 words


The International Monetary Fund has urged nations to slash their $US1.9 trillion
($1.8 trillion) in annual energy subsidies because they increase inequality,
boost greenhouse gas emissions and limit investment in renewable energy.

While many nations use energy subsidies to shield consumers from rising prices,
benefits tend to be grabbed by higher-income households. The outlays also sap
funds available for bigger improvements to the wellbeing of the poor, such as
health and education spending.

"Subsidies cause over-consumption of petroleum products, coal, and natural gas,
and reduce incentives for investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy,"
the IMF said. "This over-consumption in turn aggravates global warming and
worsens local pollution."

The removal of fossil-fuel subsidies would cut global carbon dioxide emissions
by 4.5 billion tonnes - or about eight times Australia's annual emissions.
Sulphur dioxide pollution would also drop by 13 million tonnes if the subsidies
ended.

The IMF listed the top three energy subsidisers as the US ($US502 billion),
China ($US279 billion), and Russia ($US116 billion).

Petroleum and electricity subsidies accounted for three-quarters of the pre-tax
subsidies, with natural gas accounting for most of the rest, and coal subsidies
worth about $US6 billion, the IMF said. The survey did not include subsidies
received by renewable energy producers.

"Subsidising clean energy is slightly more benevolent than subsidising a
depletable, polluting resource," said Paul Burke, a research fellow at the
Australian National University's Crawford school of public policy.

Australia's subsidies for petroleum products, natural gas and coal amounted to
1.79 per cent of gross domestic product in 2011, or about $20 billion. The IMF
did not give a figure for electricity subsidies.

A paper by ANU's centre for climate economics and policy in 2011 estimated
federal subsidies, in the form of excise exceptions, accelerated depreciation of
fossil-fuel producing assets, and other benefits would total $9.65 billion in
the 2013-14 fiscal year.

State government subsidies in the form of cheap coal and cut-price power
contracts for aluminium smelters would swell the largesse by at least $1 billion
a year.

The cost of subsidising fossil fuels also rises if the contribution to climate
change from the extra greenhouse gases is included. The IMF used US estimates to
price such damage at $US25 for tonne of carbon emitted - not far off Australia's
carbon tax of $23 a tonne.

"This figure would give you, in the absence of a price on carbon, a $US10.3
billion subsidy to energy in Australia," said Erwin Jackson, deputy chief
executive of the Climate Institute. "With the carbon laws, this is reduced to
less than a billion dollars."

The local pollution costs from an average coal plant in the US were put at $US65
a tonne, the IMF said.

Dr Burke said Australia would probably be a net taxer of energy if fuel taxes
and other charges were taken into account. Even so, government policies favoured
some industries over others.

"When we drive, we pay about 50Â¢ per litre in tax for petrol but when we fly
we're only paying about 2Â¢ a litre," Dr Burke said.

The decision not to link the fuel excise directly to the inflation rate meant
Australia was slipping down the ranks of fuel-taxing nations.

"Compared to most other developed countries, we are very low when it comes to
petrol tax," Dr Burke said, with only nations such as US and Canada charging
less.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Fuel gap: Motorists pay 50Â¢ a litre tax but airlines pay 2Â¢ a
litre. Photo: James Davies

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             July 3, 2013 Wednesday

Serbian expert welcomes budget cuts for "useless" public firms

LENGTH: 504 words


Text of report by Serbian newspaper Blic website on 1 July

[Report by D. Nisavic, G. Avalic: "Budget Review Halves Subsidies"]

The budget review for 2013 has stripped many areas of a large portions of funds
that were due, in order to save 36 billion dinars. Subsidies were halved, as
expected. Economist Ljubomir Madzar believes that the government was spot on
when it cut subsidies.

"Subsidies always made up a large part of the budget; the World Bank estimated
about 700 million euros a year. We can save only on big cuts and most of the
subsidies are a sheer waste of money from the economic point of view," explained
Madzar.

Less Money to Public Enterprises

Subsidies to public enterprises were slashed from 4.4 billion to just 2.4
billion dinars. They include subsidies for liquidity loans, then for government
liabilities based on an earlier program to mitigate the effects of the economic
crisis, a program to support small and medium size firms, helping them buy
equipment, and for growth and innovation.

In addition to public enterprises, subsidies to private companies were cut as
well from 13.9 to 12.6 billion dinars. Most of those funds were earmarked for
Fiat, but also to "attract direct foreign investments and other incentives for
the domestic industry."

"Subsidies to firms that are in the process of reorganization is upkeep to
companies that have no business prospects. The companies that had some prospects
were either sold or brought back on their feet. Many mastodons remain that are
useless. With more sense and less political opportunism, the subsidies would
have been dropped years ago. On the other hand, private companies should not be
receiving subsidies either, because if a company is profitable it will prosper,
if not, then the government is wasting money," explained Madzar.

More Cuts

Economists believe that the subsidies could have been slashed further, because
although they were cut by 42 billion dinars, spending was raised by
approximately 7 billion dinars.

"Subsidies to companies being reorganized are being cut, whereas staff in these
companies are given money from a new transition fund, about 300 euros per year
of employment. The only difference is that the latter is a one-off payment,"
said Dragan Djuricin, a professor at the School of Economics.

No Money for Roma Decade

Austerity also hit the social housing program, which is due to receive 100
million instead of 250 million dinars planned initially for the construction of
those apartments.

The initial budget for 2013 had earmarked 8 million dinars for the Roma Decade,
however there is no mention of it in the review. Funds for tourism were cut as
well by 2 billion dinars, from 4.76 to 2.62 billion dinars, and subsidies for
tourism from 2.65 to 1.86 billion dinars.

Goran Knezevic, the minister for agriculture, water, and forestry, said that
direct subsidies to farmers should not be lowered, although the budget for
agriculture is down by 3.6 billion dinars, which is 8 percent.

Source: Blic website, Belgrade, in Serbian 1 Jul 13

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 16, 2013 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

The insurance exchange

BYLINE: Carrie Teegardin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 943 words


On Oct. 1, a little more than 100 days from now, the government will open its
insurance "exchange," a marketplace on the Internet where individuals may shop
for health insurance. The exchange is designed chiefly for people who don't have
insurance through their employers. For many of those who can't afford the
premiums, the government will offer subsidies to help pay for insurance.

How will it work?

The exchange will be a website that enables you to apply for insurance for
yourself and your family and lets you compare prices and options.

Key ingredients

The most important factors in this calculation are your age, where you live, how
much you earn and whether you smoke.

Age: Health risks are lower for younger people; so are insurance rates.

Home area: Metro Atlanta has relatively low rates. South Georgia has the
highest.

Income: The government will pay part of the insurance cost on the exchange if
your income falls between 100 percent and 400 percent of the federal poverty
rate.

Tobacco use: Smokers are at higher risk of illness, so their insurance costs
more.

The color key

Each plan is classified as platinum, gold, silver or bronze. Platinum and gold
cost the most but provide the best coverage. Each plan's "metal" designation is
based on the percentage of health care expenses it would cover, on average, for
a large group of people. Bronze plans cover 60 percent of expenses, leaving the
consumer to pay the remaining 40 percent; silver plans generally cover 70
percent, and gold plans 80 percent. (Platinum covers 90 percent, but most
insurers won't offer many platinum plans on the exchange because they will be so
costly.)

To study the likely costs of plans on the exchange, the AJC selected one
proposed plan from the gold, silver and bronze tiers offered by Blue Cross and
Blue Shield of Georgia. The AJC then used calculators from the Kaiser Family
Foundation's website to estimate subsidies. Note that insurers may offer more
than one plan within each "metal tier" with co-payments and deductibles that
will vary.

Here is the cost-sharing information

related to the selected plans:

Gold plan: $750 deductible, 0 percent coinsurance

Silver plan: $2,000 deductible, 20 percent coinsurance

Bronze plan: $6,300 deductible, 0 percent coinsurance

The estimated prices in the profiles at right represent monthly premiums. The
estimates assume that the consumer lives in metro Atlanta and is a nonsmoker.

26-year-old single person (man or woman)

Gold: $355

Silver $267

Bronze: $201

Subsidy examples

Income: $12,000 a year (just above federal poverty line). This person would be
expected to contribute about $240 a year toward a silver plan. A subsidy would
pick up the remainder of about $3,000.

Income: $35,000. This person is unlikely to get a subsidy since the cost of a
silver plan (about $3,200) would be less than 9.5 percent of her income --- what
this consumer would be expected to contribute given his or her income level.

Husband is 32, wife is 30, and they have a 1-year-old daughter

Subsidy examples

Income: $20,000 (just above the poverty line). The family would be expected to
pay $400 toward a silver plan. A subsidy projected at about $8,800 would cover
the rest.

Income: $60,000 (about 300 percent of poverty line). Family would be expected to
pay $5,700 a year toward a silver plan and could get a subsidy of about $3,500
to cover the rest of the cost.

Gold: $1,024

Silver: $771

Bronze:$580

Subsidy calculators

The Kaiser Family Foundation's subsidy calculator --- kff.org/interactive/
subsidy-calculator/ --- was used to produce the estimates in these examples. It
is worth exploring to develop an idea of your own situation. Another option is
Colorado's exchange site --- http://www.connectforhealthco.com/. See "Calculate
your savings" at the bottom left of the home page.

Husband is 47, wife is 42, kids are 25, 20 and 16

Subsidy examples

Income: $28,000 (at poverty line). The family would be expected to pay $560
toward a premium and could get a subsidy of about $15,500 a year to cover the
rest of the cost.

Income: $84,000 (300 percent of poverty). Family would be expected to pay about
$8,000 a year for a silver plan and could get a subsidy of about $8,000 to cover
the rest.

Husband and wife are both 62

Subsidy examples

Income: $16,000 (at the poverty line) they would be expected to pay $320 a year
toward a premium and could get a subsidy of about $17,600 to cover the rest of
the cost of a silver plan.

Income: $47,000 (300 percent of poverty line) they would be expected to pay
about $4,500 toward a plan and could get a subsidy of about $13,500 to cover the
rest of the cost of a silver plan.

Subsidy calculators

The Kaiser Family Foundation's subsidy calculator --- kff.org/interactive/
subsidy-calculator/ --- was used to produce the estimates in these examples. It
is worth exploring to develop an idea of your own situation. Another option is
Colorado's exchange site --- http://www.connectforhealthco.com/. See "Calculate
your savings" at the bottom left of the home page.

Gold: $1,790

Silver: $1,348

bronze: $1,014

Husband and wife are both 62

Subsidy examples

If this couple's income is $16,000 a year (at the poverty line) they would be
expected to pay $320 a year toward a premium and could get a subsidy of about
$17,600 to cover the rest of the cost of a silver plan.

If this couple's income is $47,000 a year (300 percent of poverty line) they
would be expected to pay about $4,500 toward a plan and could get a subsidy of
about $13,500 to cover the rest of the cost of a silver plan.

Gold: $1,994

Silver: $1,500

Bronze: $1,130Pricing scenarios: insurers' filings offer preview of the
exchangeHealth care law26-year-old single person (man or woman)

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Smokers will pay higher-than-normal premiums. Your station in
life is going to determine the cost and type of coverage you get in the
insurance exchange. Young families will pay at one rate while senior citizens
will pay at another. Often, the government will subsidize coverage. File
/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                             April 23, 2012 Monday

2012 Fuel Subsidy Bill Set to Hit N1 Trillion

LENGTH: 1239 words


The rise in the price of crude oil may force the Federal Government to review
its provision for fuel subsidy in the 2012 budget, THISDAY has learnt.

The bill could now hit N1 trillion as against the N888 billion provided for in
the 2012 Appropriation Act.

This will, however, still be less than the various estimates of N1.2 trillion,
N1.5 trillion and N1.8 trillion said to have been expended on subsidy last year
which has been the subject of probe by the two chambers of the National
Assembly.

Meanwhile, governors of the 36 states of the federation will today meet to
discuss the continued withdrawals by the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
(NNPC) and Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) from the
federation account.

They are also expected to respond to the comments by the Central Bank Governor
(CBN) Sanusi Lamido Sanusi that the amount budgeted for subsidy would not be
enough for this fiscal year.

In the 2012 amended budget, the estimated total figure for subsidy was put at
N888.1 billion, made up of N656.30 billion for petrol and kerosene - while
N231.8 billion was budgeted as the carry-over for subsidy claims in 2011.

THISDAY checks, however, revealed that the rise in the price of crude oil which
stood at $118.83 (Brent) in the international market yesterday has increased the
landing cost of imported petrol into Nigeria, which is now estimated at N167.93,
based on the pricing template of the PPPRA.

As at January this year when the finance ministry amended the 2012 budget in
line with the partial removal of subsidy based on the official pump price of N97
per litre, subsidy on petrol was reduced to N34 per litre as the landing cost of
the commodity was N141 a litre.

However, now that the landing cost of petrol has increased to N167.93 per litre,
the Federal Government would have to pay the difference of N70.93 per litre as
subsidy to importers, thus increasing the total subsidy bill for the year on
petrol alone by N200 billion.

A member of the Economic Management Team, who spoke on the issue, said the
Federal Government was currently in a dilemma and that the Coordinating Minister
for the Economy and Minister of Finance, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, was fretting
over the burgeoning bill.

He added that going by the report of the House of Representatives Ad hoc
Committee on the Monitoring of the Fuel Subsidy Regime, which conservatively put
the daily consumption of petrol in the country at 33 million litres per day, it
meant that the Federal Government would require N854,351,850,000 to sustain the
subsidy regime on petrol alone in 2012 instead of the N656.30 billion set aside
in the budget.

"If we also have to use the landing cost of kerosene as shown on the PPPRA
pricing template for the product, it also means that subsidy bill on kerosene
would also increase.

"At this rate, subsidy payments could hit the trillion naira mark in 2012,
insofar as the price of crude oil continues to hover at between $118 and $125
per barrel, which is a likely possibility," the official said.

The removal of fuel subsidy on January 1 sparked off protests across the country
as the price of the commodity increased from N65 to N141 per litre. But the
government later reduced it to N97.

Okonjo-Iweala had earlier raised concerns that Nigeria would need about N200
billion extra to fund fuel subsidy till the end of the year. The minister also
expressed concern that the government had to draw down on the Excess Crude
Account (ECA) in a period of sharp decline in revenue accruing to the
federation.

Shell had warned recently that crude oil worth about $5 billion was being stolen
from the country on an annual basis.

Similarly, Sanusi had last week warned that the 2012 budgetary allocation for
fuel subsidies would run out before the end of the year, risking the country
raiding its oil savings or borrowing more.

Sanusi told Reuters: "With oil prices where they've been since the beginning of
the year, I'm sure that we will be exposed to that amount long before the year
runs out.

"If I was asked for my advice, I'd simply say pay what you have in the budget
and simply stop paying. (If not) they will have to take the money from the
excess crude account (or) we will have to borrow money."

Nigeria relies on crude exports for more than 80 per cent of government revenues
and budgets for this amount based on the benchmark oil price and assumed
production, which was set at 2.4 million barrels per day this year.

"(The output) assumption was too optimistic... based on the most rosy forecasts
of operating environment. When you've got militancy, you've got production
shortages, you've got natural operational failures, a more conservative output
figure to begin with would have been better," Sanusi said.

Meanwhile, a governor told THISDAY that a circular for the meeting had been sent
out and two principal items of withdrawals from federation account and other
matters relating to subsidy were the major issues on the agenda of the meeting
expected to take place at the Rivers State Governor's Lodge.

THISDAY also gathered that the meeting will dwell primarily on the deductions
from the accounts which have far exceeded the agreed deductions for the oil
subsidy.

The governor said what was budgeted for this year as oil subsidy was N888
billion, but data available showed that in January and February, over N300
billion was deducted from the federation account for subsidy.

According to the governor, "This is a negation of the 2012 budget where it is
expected that about N74 billion would be deducted from the federation account
for the petroleum subsidy. If you have been observing closely, you will note
that the March FAAC money was merely shared a few days ago."

He also said: "If this matter is not properly handled, then at the end of the
year, following the deductions from the federation account, that over N1.8
trillion would be have been deducted."

He said considering what Sanusi said that the money budgeted for subsidy would
not be enough, "we don't want to be taken unawares. There is the need to meet
and take a position before it becomes late. If the money is to be deducted from
the Excess Crude Account as the Central Bank Governor suggested, then, it will
have a negative implication on the money to be shared in the FAAC and it also
means less money for the states."

He explained that they would consider the outcome of President Goodluck
Jonathan's meeting with the governors' seven-man committee headed by the
chairman of the Nigeria Governors' Forum (NGF), Rotimi Amaechi, two weeks ago.

The NGF had empanelled a committee headed to meet with the president to address
some of the federation's fiscal issues including their request for a lion share
of the federation account.

The meeting is expected to commence at 8pm today.

In the March FAAC distribution, the federal, states and local governments shared
N613 billion.

The Minister of State for Finance, Yerima Ngama, explained that the total funds
available for distribution in the month under review increased to N726.772
billion, exceeding the projected fund by N224.216 billion in terms of the 2012
budget as a result of higher price of crude oil.

However, the gross income of N726.772 billion was lower than the N766.772
billion realised the previous month.

He blamed the shortfall on decrease in crude oil export for the month following
several operational issues and safety challenges at Bonga, Brass, Bonny and
Qua-Iboe terminals.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily Champion (Lagos)

                            October 17, 2011 Monday

We'll Name Those Behind N1.5 Trillion Subsidy Scam -- Senate

BYLINE: Cosmas Ekpunobi

LENGTH: 590  words


Heads may roll in the nation's oil industry as the Senate probe panel on fuel
subsidy has vowed to unmask the cartel in the alleged N1.5 trillion fuel subsidy
fraud.

The panel at the weekend said it would not only step on toes, but would go ahead
to name the members of the cabal alleged to have looted the subsidy fund.

Meanwhile the committee has alleged that the federal government has been
financing the fuel subsidy from a secrete account. It was alleged that the
federal government may spend over N1.3 trillion on fuel subsidy this year alone
as against the N240 billion that was voted for it in 2011 budget.

Co-chairman of the probe panel who is also chairman of the Senate committee on
Appropriation, Mohammed Maccido in a chart with journalists at the weekend said
his committee was prepared to expose the cartel so to have allegedly hijacked
the subsidy.

Senate had last Wednesday mandated its joint committees on appropriation,
Petroleum and Finance to conduct full scale investigation into the alleged fuel
subsidy fraud.

The resolution which may have unsettled the Presidency following a motion by
former governor of Kwara State senator Bukola Saraki who drew the attention of
the stunned Senators last Wednesday to the conflicting expenditure profile of
the federal government on fuel subsidy.

But Maccido in a chat with newsmen alleged that though the subsidy was being
financed from crude oil sales, such spending was not captured in the budget.

He said the committee had earlier raised such observation in a meeting with
President Goodluck Jonathan. The chairman who said the funds for subsidy are
being spent without recourse to the National Assembly however said that the
executive had at the last meeting promised to make amends.

He said: "Senate has not been given details of where the subsidy being removed
would be utilized. But the thing here is there are lots of questions as to where
the N1. 3 trillion came from because it has not even been appropriated by the
National Assembly.

"We learnt that it was money that was got from a particular sale. The money was
gotten from particular crude sales lawfully but unfortunately, the money was not
appropriated by the National Assembly. We were not informed as to what that
particular money was being kept aside for. They just went ahead and used it for
subsidy. If only at least they could have written a letter to the National
Assembly, informing us of the action they took, that would have been better but
it wasn't like that.

"We took up the issue with them when we met the President and his economic team
last Monday and I believe they were ready to make amends. As you are aware, we
budgeted N240 billion but the irony is that they have spent more than N1
trillion. So, you can imagine the difference between what we budgeted for and
what was expended.

"Senate has inaugurated a committee on this particular issue. We are going to
investigate it; we are going to find out where those monies came from, we are
going to find out how those monies are being spent, if it's being spent rightly
or not, we know what to do. In any case, I believe this investigation will form
a basis for our agreement as to whether subsidy should be removed or not.

"If we realize that this money is being spent, there is a way we can make it
work for Nigerians in form of subsidy and if it is not, we are going to demand
that this money be returned and that subsidy should be removed. That's why I
said earlier that this investigation might form a basis for whether subsidy
should be removed or not."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

The politics of subsidies

BYLINE: MK VENU

LENGTH: 1102  words


There will be a push to restructure the subsidy regime, as political allies
press for their own agenda

The limit on the total subsidy to be handed out by the Centre - at 2 per cent of
GDP, according to the budget - has come at a time when coalition politics is
becoming more fluid and uncertain. Various parties are in a mood to bargain hard
with the government at the Centre by exploiting the prospect, howsoever remote,
of a general election getting advanced.

Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav will not join the UPA because he does
not want any negative rub-off from a muddling Congress closer to the general
elections in 2014 or earlier. Yet he will support the UPA from the outside so
that his party could get goodies from the Centre to make good all the election
promises SP has made in Uttar Pradesh. How this will square with the Union
budget's commitment to limit subsidies to 2 per cent of GDP is something we will
have to wait and see.

Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav made a sharp comment after Pranab
Mukherjee presented the Union budget. Akhilesh said he would find it difficult
to accept any decision that puts a burden on the farmers of UP. The subtext was
that the Samajwadi Party would not support a sharp hike in the price of diesel,
which is currently being sold at well below market prices.

However, the Union budget implicitly assumes that diesel prices will be hiked
substantially to keep subsidies at under 2 per cent of GDP or about Rs 1,90,000
crore. This will have to accommodate fertiliser, food and oil subsidies. In
2011-12, the total oil under-recoveries alone are about Rs 1,50,000 crore. Both
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee have said
they would "bite the bullet" on the promise of limiting subsidies. Biting the
bullet will not be easy in the current political climate.

For the first time, the Centre is under severe pressure to restructure the
subsidy regime because of the growing contestation among various political
constituents. In order to satisfy the Samajwadi Party, the Centre is considering
a mechanism to insulate the farmers using water pump sets from a diesel price
increase. The idea seems to be to increase the diesel prices across the board
and then hand over money to state governments to provide farmers a direct cash
subsidy for their diesel pump sets.

This will mean the middle-class users of diesel vehicles and other transporters
will have to pay market-related prices for diesel. Of course, the urban middle
class will not like this. Everyone likes subsidies and indeed even people who
can well afford to pay higher prices get used to subsidised goods and services.
It is precisely this sentiment that makes the government dither when it comes to
increasing the price of LPG gas cylinders.

The urban middle class has emerged as a strong and growing political
constituency over the past two decades following economic liberalisation. The
Congress, in fact, did much better than the BJP in urban constituencies in the
2009 general elections. The challenge for the Congress is to politically explain
to its urban voters, many already unhappy with it, why there is an urgent need
to restructure existing subsidies and direct them to the really poor and needy.
The Centre has implicitly committed to do this if one reads the Union budget
numbers carefully. Indeed, if this complex political exercise is not undertaken,
many of the budget assumptions will get thrown out of the window, especially on
the expenditure side.

The Congress, therefore, will do well to do some straight and honest talking to
the people and avoid rhetoric for some time. The UP elections showed that beyond
a point, rhetoric does not pay. In this context, Rural Development Minister
Jairam Ramesh showed some candour when he attributed the lower fund allocation
to the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Guarantee Employment Programme in the budget to
falling demand for temporary work in rural areas. In fact, the minister said he
had himself asked for a lower allocation as there were carry-over funds from the
previous year.

The restructuring and redirecting of the subsidies is by far the most difficult
political exercise, which every government has chosen to postpone. Two decades
ago, when economic liberalisation had just begun, the National Institute of
Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP) had done an elaborate study, which showed that
both implicit and explicit subsidies handed down by the Centre and state
governments was about 15 per cent of GDP. India's GDP then was around $250
billion. The total subsidy would have worked out to $37 billion then. Today
India's GDP is close to $2000 billion, nearly eight times more. But the ratio of
the total subsidy remains, more or less, at 15 per cent of GDP, according to
Prof Govind Rao, the author of the original report, who now heads the NIPFP. So
the actual amount of the implicit and explicit subsidy now could be close to
$300 billion a year!

Rao also reckons the bulk of these explicit and implicit subsidies are cornered
by the urban middle class whose political clout has always been
disproportionately larger than its numbers.   However, the political economy of
subsidy distribution has changed somewhat with the rise of Dalit and backward
class politics. Since the bulk of the very poor are represented by the more
assertive Dalit and backward class leaders whose representation has gone up in
the state assemblies and Parliament over the decades, this class has risen to
demand a bigger slice of the implicit and explicit subsidies. The urban middle
class, which had traditionally cornered nearly 75 per cent of all subsidies,
will have to give up some of its privileges if the current trend of politics is
anything to go by.

Free supply of schoolbooks, cycles for girl students, lunch packets and
subsidised tuition fee, etc are becoming the norm in the governments run by
Nitish Kumar and Mayawati. There is so much pressure from the young voters that
Akhilesh Yadav's promise of a Rs-1000-a-month dole to unemployed youth has
resulted in over 20 lakh persons registering themselves in just the last one
month.

So, the contest to get a higher share of the subsidies will only intensify and
the pressure to restructure the existing subsidy regime will increase. The
promise made in the budget to restructure the subsidies given on a few big items
like food, oil and fertiliser, is only the tip of the iceberg in a sharply
divided polity in which the question and manner of resource-sharing remains
unresolved.

The writer is managing editor, 'The Financial Express', mk.venu@expressindia.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 11, 2012 Saturday

Subsidies are an area over which a finance minister should lose sleep

SECTION: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 375 words


Finance Minister Mr Pranab Mukherjee says he is losing sleep over mounting
subsidies. This is reassuring at a time when populist subsidies push government
finances to the brink and fiscal slippage hurts growth. The composition of the
fiscal deficit, more than its size, determines its adverse impact on growth.

If the government borrows to subsidise consumption, it depresses investment. So,
Mr Mukherjee must take bold action to ruthlessly trim subsidies and create
fiscal space for investments to spur growth. He should set time-lines for
comprehensive reforms in petroleum, fertiliser and food subsidies in this
Budget.

The first priority should be to eliminate petroleum subsidies. The government
should free up diesel prices and allow competition in fuel retailing. Both state
coffers and internal combustion engines across the country would turn healthier,
if kerosene prices are freed up, so as to remove the incentive for its use to
adulterate other fuels, and rural lighting is entrusted to solar lamps that
require subsidy once.

The subsidy on cooking fuel should be shifted to cash transfers and phased out
and city gas distribution encouraged. Import duty on crude and products should
be fixed at a low, uniform 2.5%, to boost revenues and allow third-party
marketing through imports.

Fertiliser subsidy should be weeded out, and the farmer helped out with higher
prices. Merger of the fertiliser ministry into the agriculture ministry would
remove a separate constituency pitching for a stand-alone fertiliser subsidy.
Third, food subsidy should be pruned by allowing competition in the physical
distribution of foodgrains through involvement of the private trade and direct
transfer of subsidy to people.

This would be far more efficient than the practice now of reimbursing the Food
Corporation of India for the cost that it incurs to procure, store and
distribute foodgrains. The subsidy bill, budgeted at Rs 1,40,000 crore this
fiscal, is expected to overshoot the target by Rs 100,000 crore. Reforms brook
no delay. There is no other way to fund vital social and physical
infrastructure. The point is to communicate to the people the need to sacrifice
some jam today to have a whole lot of jam tomorrow.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                             January 7, 2008 Monday

Price of freedom is eternal subsidies

LENGTH: 545 words


Price of freedom is eternal subsidies

Local areas that can use central gov't subsidies as they see fit  would be
happier in long run, even if total amount were lower

YUTAKA HARADA

Japan's budget deficit is huge, and the central government is always trying to
cut subsidies to local governments. These subsidies are composed of specific
subsidies, the use of which is regulated, as well as general subsidies.

General subsidies come to 16 trillion yen ($140 billion) and specific subsidies
11 trillion yen per year. The total amounts to about 30% of the total revenue of
local governments and nearly 50% of that of the central government.

Recently, the central government also decided to take local corporate tax money
from richer urban areas and distribute it to poor areas.

It is natural that local governments oppose subsidy cuts, but they are
inevitable considering that the central government has an enormous budget
deficit. In addition, I believe local governments can deal with the cuts if they
are given the freedom to use the subsidies as they wish.

Until now, local governments have been given orders by the central government on
how to spend their grants, including general subsidies. The term general was
often nominal.

Of course, the central government might still try to maintain its power over
local governments even after cutting subsidies. But for the purposes of this
argument, let us assume that the central government reduces the subsidies and
completely gives away its power to control their use.

Naofumi Sakaguchi of the Institute for Research on Household Economics explained
that when a woman gets divorced, their income on average decreases from
2,520,000 yen to 1,600,000 yen per year, or 36.5%. This suggested that although
a woman becomes poorer by divorce, she becomes economically happier because she
can use the money according to her own will, even if the amount of money is
reduced.

Of course, the number of people within the household changes upon divorce, and
there is an established way to transform total income to per capita income. To
do this, one divides total income by the square root of the number of people in
the household. If the number is two, the income is divided by the square root of
2, and if the number is three, the income is divided by square root of 3. The
aforementioned numbers of 2,520,000 yen and 1,600,000 yen were calculated in
this way. One would expect that divorced women become economically less happy,
but in fact their economic happiness index increases from 18 points to 22
points.

The economic happiness index is the difference between the percentage of those
who respond "satisfied" or "nearly satisfied" and "nearly discontented" or
"discontented" about the use of money. Namely, divorced women become
economically poorer, but they becomes economically happier, because they can use
their money freely.

I believe the same thing will happen to local governments. Local areas that are
willing to be independent will be happier if they can freely use subsidies, even
if their subsidies are cut by a significant percentage. This would make everyone
happier, local governments and taxpayers included.

Yutaka Harada is chief economist at Daiwa Institute of Research.

(The Nikkei Weekly 12/31/2007 Edition)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                              May 26, 1992 Tuesday

LENGTH: 599 words


At last, signs of EC subsidy sanity IT requires only a small knowledge of
history to understand why Tasmania's farmers are not doing handsprings across
their paddocks at news that the European Community is to cut its rural subsidies
.

In the past, the community has said it will cut its subsidies.

After a reduction, however, the subsidies have reappeared often bigger than
before.

It is therefore not surprising that farmers have reacted with cautious optimism
to the news of the latest intention of the community to reduce subsidies.

This time, there is a better than even money chance that the cuts will lead to
further reductions.

The reason for this hope is that the European Community is now facing pressure
for reform which equals the force applied by its 10 million farmers to retain
the status quo.

A growing awareness among consumers in Europe of the cost to them of farm
subsidies is turning into a backlash against politicians who believe that a farm
sector is vital, despite the unhealthy distortion to economies caused by the
required subsidies.

As well, there are external forces demanding reform. The OECD has described the
Common Agricultural Policy subsidies of Europe as "bordering on the absurd".
Other planning groups have said the subsidies were "obscene".

Another consideration for the European Community is the cost of fighting the
$400 billion-a-year trade war with the United States, and the damage this has
caused to negotiations in the latest General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
talks.

The trade war has also been blamed for delaying the integration of many of the
former Soviet Bloc countries into Europe, as the artificial price structures in
rural commodities caused by subsidies has harmed attempts by many of the former
communist nations to create market-force economies.

The subsidies have also been blamed for making it more difficult for Third World
countries to break the cycle of poverty which afflicts so many of them, as they
cannot compete despite their minimal labour costs.

And in Australia, the subsidy war has squeezed the national economy by making it
more difficult for this country's farmers to win a normal share of traditional
markets.

European subsidies, combined with the United States' export enhancement scheme
(a thinly disguised subsidy system) has led to Australia losing sales across the
international spectrum.

The major shift by the European Community will not be an instant palliative for
Australia's farmers.

Wheat, beef, sugar and dairy producers will notice little short-term change.

The biggest impact will come if the European moves manage to convince the United
States that it too should cut its form of subsidies.

Considering the deleterious effect export enhancements have had on the US
economy, Washington should require very little convincing.

If it joins the move to make the playing field more level, then prices should
begin to rise, allowing unsubsidised and efficient Australian producers to try
to regain their market share.

As well, even part-removal of subsidies will reduce the amount of
bargain-basement priced processed rural products the US and Europe can export,
opening up more of the domestic Australian market to local farmers.

It has been suggested that the annual worth of the European reforms could be as
much as $1.5 billion to Australia.

Farmers will not hold their breath until improvements of that size arrive, but
for the first time in almost 30 years, there are positive signs that the
European Community is going to bring some sanity into its rural activities.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Iranian government, parliament agree on cutting 10 million subsidies

BYLINE: Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


Feb. 04--The Iranian government and parliament have agreed to cut current public
subsidies by about $1.5 billion in the next Iranian calendar year (starting Mar.
21), when subsidies to 10 million people will be stopped, Tasnim news agency
reports Feb. 4.

After long discussions, the Iranian legislative and executive bodies agreed on
Feb. 3 to cut subsidies going to high-income individuals.

As a result, subsidies to those earning more than $720 a month will be cut
starting from the mentioned date. It still remains to be decided whether the
mentioned sum falls on the whole family or just income of the head of the
family.

Last April Iran's president, Hassan Rouhani announced that the government spends
about $1.4 billion (based on then official rate of 25,500 rials per each USD)
per month on the cash subsidies for citizens.

The cash subsidies impose about $392 million deficit in the budget per month for
administration, he noted.

The administration of former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad implemented the first
stage of the subsidy reform plan toward the end of 2010.

The subsidy reform plan is aimed at easing pressure on state finances by cutting
tens of billions of dollars from government subsidies on food and fuel. The
government pays cash to citizens as compensation for increased prices by cutting
subsides.

___ (c)2015 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150204-1AZ-Iranian-government-parliament-agree-on-cutting-10-million-
subsidies-0204-20150204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2015 Trend News Agency


                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 20, 2017 Monday

Lower subsidies, renewed list see new energy car sales slump

BYLINE: LI FUSHENG

LENGTH: 687  words


China's new energy car sales plummeted in January following a December surge,
but the country's automakers association remains optimistic about the sector's
performance this year.

People take a closer look at BYD's plug-in hybrid model Yuan before its launch
in Beijing in April 2016. [Photo / Agencies]

Industry group expects purchases to hit at least 700,000 units this year

China's new energy car sales plummeted in January following a December surge,
but the country's automakers association remains optimistic about the sector's
performance this year.

A total of 5,682 electric cars, plug-in hybrids and fuel cell cars were sold in
the first month of 2017, in stark contrast to the monthly sales record of
104,000 units in December, according to statistics the China Association of
Automobile Manufacturers released last week.

January's sales figures represented a 74.4 percent slump year-on-year, also
coming in as the lowest monthly result since 2014, a year widely regarded as
marking the establishment of new energy vehicles in China's automotive market.

The major causes of the sales slump are the revised central government subsidies
for new energy vehicles and the narrowed list of models eligible for those
subsidies, said Xu Haidong, an assistant to the CAAM's secretary-general. On Dec
29, the central authorities renewed the standards of new energy vehicle
subsidies for 2017. Each vehicle sold this year will receive 20 percent less
funding than it would have in 2016.

The revision also raises technological standards, including battery capacity and
top speed, for cars to be eligible for subsidies in the first place.

The move means a new list of models that qualify for subsidies will be compiled
to replace the 2016 one.

The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology released the first batch of
cars on the new list on Jan 23.

With a total of 185 models identified, it is much shorter than the 2,198 models
listed in 2016.

"So, many new energy carmakers withheld sales in the month, because models not
on the list are not eligible for subsidies," said Xu.

In addition to their ineligibility for subsidies, those models removed from the
2016 list will not receive license plates from the authorities, reported the
Securities Time newspaper.

So many have suspended sales of such cars, including the BAIC EV 260, the report
said quoting dealers in Beijing.

For those models already on the list, local subsidy policies are another
impediment. Unlike the central government's financial support, local
governments' subsidies differ from region to region.

As few provinces have made clear how much they will offer to each car sold, it
is difficult for automakers to work out pricing and sales plans.

To alleviate the effects on sales, the world's largest new energy automaker BYD
is pre-paying a sum to customers at 50 percent of the central government's
subsidy, the upper limit of regional subsidies, according to news portal
Bitauto.

However, Xu said the market will return to normal gradually as more models
qualified for subsidies are approved.

The MIIT released a new batch of 209 models for public opinion on Feb 14, which
are expected to soon join those already on the list.

Xu said: "Despite sales in January being a little bit surprising, we are
optimistic about the year's sales, which we expect to reach 700,000 or 800,000
vehicles."

China sold 517,000 new energy vehicles last year and has been the largest global
market for such vehicles since 2015.

The policy changes are prompting carmakers to prepare themselves, as officials
have been clear that government subsidies will be further cut in 2018 and stop
altogether in 2020.

JAC Motor spokesman Wang Dongsheng said that under such circumstances,
automakers will have to improve their products and slash their costs to stay
competitive in the market.

"The central government will not offer subsidies forever, and regional subsidies
are even harder to obtain, so carmakers should get well prepared and first make
sure that they are profitable without regional subsidies," Wang said.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/65/148756634865.jpg

eca86bd9df041a1489af25.jpg

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           September 25, 2011 Sunday

Macro-economic management amid fuel price hikes

LENGTH: 1078 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 25 -- Shahiduzzaman Khan

When the people are still recovering from the chain reactions to last week's
spate of fuel and compressed natural gas (CNG) price hikes, media reported
afresh that the government was going to increase fuel prices further very soon.
The Finance Division only two weeks back sent a proposal to the prime minister
to raise fuel prices by a minimum of Tk 14 to a maximum of Tk 30 a litre in
three phases in the current fiscal year. If the prices are hiked further as per
proposal, petrol will cost Tk 90 a litre with the minimum hike of Tk 14 and Tk
106 per litre with the maximum increase of Tk 30. Prices of petroleum products
except furnace oil had been increased by Tk 5.0 a litre last week in line with
the proposal.

The Prime Minister recently asked the ministries concerned, to conduct a
detailed study on the proposed price hike's effects on different sectors
including transport, food, and agriculture. The ministries have already started
working on it. Officials of finance and energy ministries said further increase
in prices of petroleum products and its extent will depend on their prices on
international market. Latest reports reveal that the oil prices are easing a
little in the international market.

The prime minister directed the ministries to suggest hike or decrease in fuel
prices in keeping with their prices on the global market, so that the issue
cannot be used for political gains. The Finance Division presented four
alternative proposals at the meeting for reducing government subsidy on
petroleum products. The subsidy will stand at Tk 177.04 billion, if prices of
petroleum products are not increased in the current fiscal year. The subsidy
will come down to Tk 108.27 billion, if prices of petroleum products are raised
by Tk 14 a litre in three phases. The subsidy will slide to Tk 36.80 billion, if
the prices are increased by Tk 30 a litre. The finance ministry calculated the
subsidy taking into account an average fuel price of $127.56 per barrel as the
base in the current fiscal year.

Experts say the government subsidy must be reduced for the sake of healthy
management of the public sector. Two things have to be taken into consideration
- the amount of subsidy to be reduced and finding scope for slashing spending in
unproductive sectors. But the government does not seem interested in minimising
spending in these sectors. Besides, there is confusion about the amount of
subsidy. In the budget document, there is no specific information regarding how
much subsidy is being given to which sector. The Budget in Brief mentions
agriculture and food subsidies specifically. But no details on subsidy in other
sectors were found in it. Budget documents have provided separate outlays of
subsidy on food, agriculture, fuel, power and export and others, but not in
conformity with the Budget in Brief. In the budget document the subsidy in
energy and power sector is shown under loan and advance heads allocation which
is Tk 139.94 billion in the current fiscal year.

Meanwhile, the Bangladesh Energy Regulatory Commission (BERC) is mulling power
tariff hike at retail level in November to adjust losses being incurred by the
Power Development Board (PDB) and distribution companies. The PDB and four other
power distribution companies have already sent power tariff hike proposals to
the commission. The BERC has already raised the electricity prices for the bulk
consumers on two occasions in February and August this year. In February, the
bulk price was increased by 11 per cent and in August it was again raised by
6.66 per cent per kilowatt-hour (Kwh).

Exporters have expressed serious concern over losing competitiveness if the fuel
price goes up again in the local market against the continuous fall of prices of
most of the export goods in the competitive international market. Bangladesh may
even fail to achieve the export target while losing export order of some items.
As the country has shortage of power and gas, the export-oriented industries
depend on their captive power generation using diesel as main fuel for
uninterrupted production. The increased cost of diesel will have a telling
effect on the sector. If power generation does not increase despite the subsidy,
the macroeconomic balance has to be made sustainable through price adjustment.
The amount of subsidy is increasing thanks to quick rental power plants.
Alongside quick rental power plants the government can take initiative for
establishing big power plants under public-private partnership (PPP). If the
government makes price adjustment repeatedly to cut subsidy, cost of living and
doing business will also rise.

The government should prepare a long term energy policy to reduce uncertainty.
There is no disagreement on adjustments of domestic oil prices from time to time
in conformity with the rise in global prices. When the international prices of
fuel oils are on the decline, local prices should be adjusted downward. The
local consumers must not pay higher prices for fuel oils artificially. The
people in other countries get the benefit of the falling prices. But the
situation is different in this country. Here, the authorities concerned are
found to be quite active in the reverse case, that is, they raise the domestic
oil prices when the global market is overheated for any reason. But they are
less interested to lower the prices when the same come down in the global
market.

During the previous caretaker government, when the international oil prices fell
to the tune of 70-75 per cent, the government made only 5.0 per cent cut. The
government then made a marginal price readjustments considering the drastic fall
in the prices of fuel oils. But the government used to make a profit of around
Tk 8.0-15 per litre then from the sale of diesel and kerosene and around Tk
40-45 from selling octane and petrol.

In the current context of unrest and price movement, any news about the prices
going up gives a disconcerting signal. Although Bangladesh's people are
otherwise resilient and accept anything imposed upon them with great tolerance,
the fact remains such a hike is hurting the very existence of the teeming
millions who are struggling hard for a bare minimum survival.

szkhan@dhaka.net Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial
Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 20, 2005 Tuesday

Farm programs remain intact;
Coleman leads effort to defeat cut in sugar subsidies

BYLINE: TOM WEBB, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 640 words


U.S. farm programs dodged any serious cuts over the weekend, despite efforts to
curb their reach both in Washington, D.C., and at world trade talks in Hong
Kong.

In Congress, U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman, R-Minn., led a weekend effort to defeat a
$30 million cut in the sugar program. Minnesota has the nation's No. 1 sugar
beet crop, and Monday Coleman called the move "good news for our sugar
producers."

Congress also is poised to reinstate a safety net program for small and midsize
dairy farmers, known as the MILC program. Minnesotans have collected $163
million in payments since 2001 when milk prices fell below certain levels, and
Wisconsin dairy farmers collected some $414 million.

And at the world trade talks in Hong Kong, negotiators again failed to agree on
far-reaching cuts to farm programs, and settled instead on reducing export
subsidies -- a deal that would have almost no impact on U.S. producers, analysts
said Monday, because farm programs rarely use direct export subsidies anymore.

"The biggest impact would be on Europe, because Europe uses export subsidies a
lot," said Bruce Babcock, a farm economist at Iowa State University. "Dairy is
the biggest (subsidy), and they've also used (export subsidies) on their feed
grains and beef," Babcock said. "In the '96 farm bill, we eliminated the need
for explicit export subsidies."

The inability of international trade negotiators to make deeper cuts in farm
subsidies is viewed with mixed emotions in Minnesota farm circles. On one hand,
U.S. farmers rely heavily on exports, and have often been frustrated by
protectionist measures abroad. On the other, some commodities have enjoyed their
own protections against foreign competition, and producers aren't eager to see
those fortress walls breached.

At CHS, the farmer cooperative based in Inver Grove Heights, crop exports are a
huge part of business. Of the 1 billion bushels of grain CHS handles each year,
about 600 million go for export.

"As a general rule, we're not pleased; it doesn't seem like we're getting the
necessary changes with the WTO," Mark Palmquist, executive vice president at
CHS, said Monday. "We believe that removing trade barriers and distorting
subsidies, as a general rule, is a benefit to U.S. producers. Now, depending on
the commodities you plant, you may be less of a winner ... but in a general
sense, U.S. producers have been very competitive."

U.S. cotton growers have been the biggest users of export subsidies, receiving
$264 million in 2004, but those subsidies were recently ruled illegal by the
World Trade Organization, and were being eliminated anyway. Most other
commodities don't depend on direct export subsidies.

Meanwhile, in Congress, a dairy support program popular in the Upper Midwest was
revived over the weekend. The Milk Income Loss Contract (MILC) expired earlier
this year, and Midwestern lawmakers have fought for a two-year renewal. The new
program will be slimmed down a bit, though.

"We're very pleased," said Mark Furth, general manager of Associated Milk
Producers, Inc., a cooperative that's the largest milk marketer in the state.
"It just gives a little bit more price protection against low markets."

Milk prices have been high enough in 2004 and 2005 that the program wasn't used
much, but Furth said the futures market indicates a safety net will be needed
again next spring.

The sugar program also had been targeted for cuts as Congress was looking to
trim the budget. On Monday, Senate Agriculture Committee chairman Saxby
Chambliss, R-Ga., credited Coleman for digging in his heels over the weekend and
refusing to sign off on any agreement that would allow the cuts to take place.

"It's tough to stand up to the White House ... but he stood tall and said he's
not going to budge," Chambliss told reporters.

Tom Webb can be reached at twebb@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5428.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 24, 1995 Monday

COMMODITIES   U.S. clings to subsidies as wheat prices soar

BYLINE: TIM COULTER; GAM

LENGTH: 786 words

DATELINE: Chicago IL


BY TIM COULTER
Bloomberg Business News
  Chicago
 OUTSIDE Washington, commodity markets are doing more to slash the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's budget than all of the nation's legislators.

Consider export subsidies.

The Export Enhancement Program was started in 1985 as a way for the
United States to regain market share that had been lost to heavily
subsidized European grain. Since then, Washington has spent more than
$6.5-million (U.S.) to boost sales of U.S. exports, with wheat the biggest
recipient.

Yet global supplies of wheat next year are expected to fall to 20-year
lows, according to the USDA, and world prices are soaring, essentially
eliminating the need for subsidies.

"A lot of this program has lost sight of its initial goal," said
Stewart Ramsey, agricultural economist at WEFA Group in Bala Cynwyd, Pa.
"It doesn't make a whole lot of sense."

Under the program, exporters such as Continental Grain Co., Cargill
Inc. and Bunge Corp. apply to the USDA to foot the bill for the difference
between prices at the Chicago Board of Trade and in overseas markets. But
recent U.S. wheat subsidies are a fraction of their former selves, at
about 10 cents a bushel, while a bushel sold Friday for about $4.77 at the
Chicago Board of Trade. With the subsidy that low, merchandisers could
skip the government's cumbersome red tape and sell grain outright.

Even as the need for subsidies dwindles, Prairie politicians are
fighting to boost funding for the program to almost $1-billion under the
1995 Farm Bill.

Yet given the forecasts for shrinking world supply and growing demand,
export subsidies will continue to be minimal - if not non-existent - in
the immediate future and possibly for years.

In the European Union, the world's largest wheat exporter, agricultural
reforms have boosted domestic consumption and cut production. The EU has
even suspended subsidies until Sept. 7, after its next harvest. That
leaves less to share with the rest of the world.

Through 2000, when the pending U.S. Farm Bill will expire, world wheat
demand is expected to rise and production is unlikely to keep up. With
stockpiles already low, wheat growers, rather than buyers, sit squarely in
the driver's seat.

"In the next six years neither the U.S. nor the European Union will
find it necessary to spend all available resources on export subsidies,"
said Robert Kohlmeyer, a 37-year veteran grain merchandiser for Cargill
who is now with World Perspectives, a Washington, D.C., consulting firm.

Traditionally, world markets were a place for nations to sell their
surplus wheat and prop up prices at home, pleasing the politically
powerful farm community. That's changed, however, as rising consumption in
places such as the European Union and East Asia and expected poor crops in
Canada, the United States, the former Soviet Union and elsewhere eliminate
surpluses and push world prices higher.

"The market is changing," Mr. Kohlmeyer said. "We're seeing consumption
of grain and grain-based products escalate in most regions of the world."

Continuing the subsidies has drawn fire from foreign trade officials.

"The very existence of those subsidies forces world agricultural prices
down," said Australian Trade Minister Bob McMullan. "We find that very
annoying and very hard to understand. You're trying to cut the budget
deficit and you're giving subsidies to people to sell things they could
sell without a subsidy."

The grain bins of U.S. competitors are empty, with shipments from
Argentina Australia, Canada, the EU and elsewhere largely stalled until
their domestic needs are filled with this year's harvest. The situation,
for now, leaves the United States as the lone large supplier of export
wheat.

"I have to laugh. I sit here and wonder why in the world we are doing
this (subsidy)," said Dale Gustafson, an analyst with Smith Barney Inc. in
Chicago.

U.S. agriculture committee members are still writing the Farm Bill,
with the level of export subsidies to be debated later. Under the World
Trade Organization, the U.S. subsidies are limited to $949-million this
year and must drop to $600-million by 2000.

Although the subsidy program is unnecessary for the time being, Farm
Belt legislators are sure to keep it alive. Even opponents see a need for
some kind of safety net to protect farmers from the whims of the volatile
world market.

Critics say conditions are as ripe as ever to wean the grain sector
from farm programs, many of which were started in the Great Depression.

"It should be an ideal time to reform our way out of dependence on farm
programs," said Robert Paarlberg, professor of political science at
Wellesley College in Boston and an associate at the Harvard Center for
International Affairs. "If there ever were a context in which it could be
done, this is it."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 6, 1983 Tuesday

Report finds grain subsidies favor other nations

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 627 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   Canada's prime competitors in the world grain market are paid
 substantially higher subsidies, says a report commissioned by the Manitoba
 Government.

This hampers Canada's ability to grow and export grain and reduces the
 income of western farmers. And the situation could worsen if the Crow's
 Nest Pass agreement is revised.

In his report, Hans Kieferle of Kai Consulting Inc. of Ottawa compared
 agricultural subsidies in Canada, the United States and the European
 Economic Community.

He found that wheat subsidies in Canada averaged 4 per cent of the
 market price over a 10-year period ended in 1981-82. By comparison, U.S.
 subsidies averaged 8.6 per cent, while those in the EEC averaged 10.5 per
 cent.

The differences were more pronounced when compared on a year-to-year
 basis. Canadian subsidies ranged from a low of 2.2 per cent to a high of 5
 per cent. The U.S. subsidies ranged from 0.8 per cent to 22.5 per cent,
 while EEC subsidies ranged from zero to 65 per cent.

Similar benefits were paid for a wide range of other cereals.

In addition to being lower, Canadian subsidies are less efficient, Mr.
 Kieferle said.

In the United States and the EEC, support prices are negotiated every
 year and so tend to smooth out the wide income cycles characteristic of
 the industry. Canadian farmers, however, tend to receive the same benefit
 every year, whatever the state of the crop or the market price.

Because their income is lower and more variable, Canadian farmers are
 less viable than their foreign counterparts, he said. They have less
 confidence and have greater difficulty recovering from a poor year or
 investing in better equipment. As a result, they grow less grain than they
 could for the export market.

Mr. Kieferle recommended that Canada move to a cyclical subsidy system
 similar to that of the other countries. This would stabilize farm incomes
 and smooth out the extreme lows that are so damaging.

Canadian farmers received the bulk of their subsidies indirectly
 through improvements to the railway transportation system. These included
 hopper car purchases, branch line subsidies and losses sustained by the
 railways, which are required to ship grain below cost under the Crow
 agreement.

Direct payments were made under the federal grain stabilization and
 export credit programs.

During the 10-year period covered by the study, the direct payment for
 all crops averaged $46-million, while indirect subsidies averaged between
 $215-million and $412-million, depending on the method of calculation. The
 totals do not include capital expenditures by the railways.

During the same period, U.S. farmers were paid an average of $1.6-
 billion (U.S.) in direct payments. The U.S. Government paid an additional
 $299-million a year to maintain and operate the Missouri-Mississippi
 waterway system and spent $3-billion in 1980 on waterway expansions.

Mr. Kieferle estimated the average EEC subsidies at $3-billion (U.S.),
 including $1.2-billion for barley and $908-million for wheat.
                           Average Grain Subsidies
                         (per cent of market price)
          Canada  U.S.A.     EEC
 Wheat                                                  4.0     8.6     10.5
 Oats                                                   5.7     0.8     17.8
 Barley                                                 5.7     7.2     20.8
 Flaxseed                                               2.2      -        -
 Rapeseed                                               2.5      -        -
 Soybeans                                                -      0.3       -
 Corn                                                    -      4.4     19.4
 Sorghum                                                 -     11.0       -
 Source: Kai Consulting Inc., Ottawa.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2008 Thursday

Farming: Subsidy beneficiary says program is a safety net

BYLINE: Francis X. Gilpin, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


Apr. 17--Next spring, Edgar V. Edens III will plant his 50th annual crop.

The 65-year-old Hoke County farmer said he never would have made it without U.S.
Department of Agriculture crop subsidies.

The subsidy program survives despite pressure from the Bush administration and
foreign countries. The government officials argue that the $10 billion a year in
payments tend to reward rich landowners with tenuous ties to agriculture while
distorting market prices.

The situation is a disadvantage for taxpayers who foot the bill, according to
these and other critics, including the Environmental Working Group.

The reform organization, based in Washington, used data from the USDA to
determine that Edens was one of the biggest individual recipients of crop
subsidies between 2003 and 2005 in the Cape Fear region.

Edens received $687,180, according to the group.

He is among several farmers in and around Red Springs who took $5.3 million from
Uncle Sam during the three years, the group reported, using the most recent USDA
data available.

Edens chuckled when told about the subsidies he reportedly received. "I think
they've added a bunch of zeros on the end there," he said.

The Hoke County grower said reports of subsidy checks getting mailed to
Manhattan addresses have overshadowed the vital mission of the program.

"I'm not for the nonfarmer," Edens said. "They're throwing money at a person
who's never seen a crop in his life and never touched the dirt."

Edens said getting the subsidies wouldn't be his first choice.

"I don't know a single legitimate farmer who would want to take money from the
USDA instead of carrying crops to market," he said.

But agriculture is a risky business, he said.

Congress is debating an extension of the 2002 Farm Bill. The main sticking point
of the $290 billion reauthorization is how to divide about $10 billion among
conservation, disaster relief and food stamp programs. On Wednesday, the House
passed a one-week extension of current farm law, hoping to give Congress more
time to resolve the issues.

"The Farm Bill is nothing more than a safety net," Edens said, talking
specifically about the subsidies for farmers. "It's an insurance policy in case
your commodity prices fall below the cost of production."

Lately, U.S. farmers outside of the drought-stricken Southeast have been doing
quite well, Edens acknowledged.

But he said his operation has struggled a bit, even with the subsidies.

Edens said he grows cotton and tobacco on 5,000 acres as part of a cooperative
of eight to 10 local farming families who have pooled resources.

About 1,000 acres would be his preferred size, but Edens said it is not
economically feasible. "The reason we're big is to survive," he said.

Edens said he lost $1.25 million last year and had to sell equipment to make
ends meet.

Michelle Perez, senior analyst at the Environmental Working Group, said North
Carolina farmers haven't done as well as their colleagues in other states under
the subsidy program. The state's $584 million in subsidies between 2003 and 2005
was 18th highest in the United States, Perez said.

But many subsidy recipients make $200,000 a year or more on their own before the
USDA checks arrive, she said.

"You don't need taxpayer support to be a millionaire," Perez said.

Edens said he doesn't fall into that category, with the money from his subsidy
checks quickly going back to his employees. The payroll at Edens Farms has
topped $1 million in each of the past three years, he said.

"That kind of money supports a lot of families," he said.

Yet a 2005 Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City study found that subsidy payments
do relatively little to spur economic growth in communities that are heavily
reliant on agriculture, including in the South.

Mark Drabenstott, director of the bank's Center for the Study of Rural America,
concluded that the commodities attracting the biggest subsidy payments, such as
corn and cotton, force their producers to consolidate to reduce costs.

The study suggests that the subsidies actually are slowing economic growth in
rural, farm-dependent counties.

Staff writer Francis X. Gilpin can be reached at gilpinf@fayobserver.com or
323-4848, ext. 372

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080417-FY-Farming-Subsidy
-beneficiary-says-program-is-a-safety-net-0417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2008 The Fayetteville Observer


                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 23, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Subsidies Hurt Environment, Critics Say Before Talks

BYLINE: By BARBARA CROSSETTE

SECTION: Section A; Page 3; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1079 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS, June 20


As world leaders converge here starting on Monday to take stock of the global
environment five years after the Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro, a growing
number of experts say that government subsidies to industries not only squander
money that could be spent cleaning up the Earth, but but also actually damage
it.

Subsidies for energy suppliers, water services, road building, agriculture and
fisheries and other activities often have side effects that cost from $500
billion to $900 billion in environmental damage, according to a surprisingly
varied group of experts -- from the left and right, industrial countries and the
third world.

Such payments can make some commodities too cheap, leading to profligacy,
experts say. Other goods and services become artificially more expensive, in
effect taxing consumers while bolstering inefficient industries that squander
natural resources.

Thus, farmers in Asia, enjoying inexpensive water, electricity and fertilizer,
are tempted to overirrigate and chemically pollute fields and streams. In the
United States, automobile manufacturers build bigger, more gas-guzzling cars,
and harmful emissions rise and public transportation atrophies. In Germany,
according to one estimate, it costs the Government more than $70,000 a year to
keep each coal miner at work extracting an uneconomical fuel that dirties the
atmosphere.

"There's something unbelievable about the world spending hundreds of billions of
dollars annually to subsidize its own destruction," says a new report from the
independent Earth Council, based in Costa Rica, and the Institute for Research
on Public Expenditure in the Netherlands. The report, "Subsidizing Unsustainable
Development: Undermining the Earth with Public Funds," recommends re-examining
all subsidies to sift out those that are damaging from those that still serve a
social or economic purpose.

Subsidies do not appear to be on any nation's priority list for the summit
meeting, known as Rio Plus 5. President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore are
expected to attend, among leaders from more than 60 countries. The President is
scheduled to speak on Thursday. American officials list as top issues the
debates over global warming and how best to protect the world's forests. Many
poor nations want to confront the richer nations with demands for more money and
technology transfers, which they say they need to bring environmental protection
up to date.

The issue of subsidies is a difficult one for any leader to tackle, even though
it knows no ideological or national boundaries and is not related to levels of
development. Governments of the left and right, in rich industrial nations and
the poorer third world, use subsidies to win votes or mute dissent and they have
become difficult to abolish.

"Many of these subsidies are kept in place through political pressure, campaign
donations or even bribery," said Worldwatch Institute in Washington in a report,
"Paying the Piper: Subsidies, Politics and the Environment."

The author of that report, David Malin Roodman, concluded that "more than $500
billion a year of consumers' and taxpayers' money is spent by governments to
subsidize deforestation, overfishing and other environmentally destructive
activities." Subsidies for fishing fleets have produced enough fishery boats and
equipment to catch twice the available fish in the world's seas, Mr. Roodman
said.

In India, a recent study for Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram found that
the national and state governments together were spending about $40 billion, or
14.4 percent of the country's gross domestic product, on subsidies. More than $5
billion of that goes to support prices for petroleum products, with agriculture
subsidies close behind. Less than 4 percent of India's economy goes toward
education.

The assault on subsidies is particularly noteworthy in the third world, where
grass-roots groups are resisting years of demands by the World Bank and the
International Monetary Fund that such supports be eliminated or reduced. The
local groups say that cutting subsidies hurts the poor, especially women and
children.

The Indian Government and others in the third world now question those
assumptions. Mr. Chidambaram's study, based on research by the National
Institute of Public Finance and Policy in New Delhi, found that the rich, not
the poor, more often benefited from subsidies, because the rich were in a
position to buy and use subsidized commodities and services. Inexpensive
electricity does not help the poorest, unelectrified villages, or the farmer
unable to afford a subsidized bag of high-yield fertilizer.

"The poor generally don't benefit from subsidies as much as the middle class,"
said Anders Wijkman, director of the bureau for policy and program support at
the United Nations Development Program, which recently published a report,
"Energy After Rio." That report says that subsidies to conventional energy
sources like coal, oil and nuclear power are "a significant impediment to
sustainable energy futures."

"They make it more difficult for new, sustainable energy technologies to enter
the market, while simultaneously reducing the economic efficiency and creating
fiscal burdens for the government," the report said. "Energy price subsidies are
often an ineffective and inefficient way of helping those living in poverty."

In Tanzania, the report noted, kerosene subsidies were found to be helping
mostly the wealthier households that buy the bulk of the fuel.

At the Cato Institute in Washington, Jerry Taylor, director of natural resources
studies, characterized many subsidies as "socialist" measures, and argued that
the environment would be better left in the hands of an "unfettered" private
sector, not dependent on Federal aid.

In an interview, Mr. Taylor said that subsidies to agriculture in rich and poor
countries had contributed to excessive use of pesticides, fungicides and
herbicides. Import quotas and price supports protecting the American sugar
industry have raised sugar prices and led to destruction of parts of the
Everglades, an example cited by American environmentalists.

In a speech earlier this year to the Environmental Grantmakers Association in
Washington, Mr. Taylor said: "It makes no sense for the Federal Government to
subsidize environmental destruction on one hand, while establishing laws,
regulations and vast bureaucracies to mitigate it on the other."

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

New energy subsidies to be cut

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

LENGTH: 856  words


Industry experts are calling for the authorities to cut subsidies for China's
new energy vehicle industry following the discovery of five dishonest automakers
swindling more than 1 billion yuan ($149.9 million) in government subsidies in
2015.

An exhibitor prepares a charger for a new energy car at an energy conservation
and new energy auto show in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, on Sept 7. Wang Luxian /
For China Daily

Government hopes to streamline the electric auto market with updated policies

Industry experts are calling for the authorities to cut subsidies for China's
new energy vehicle industry following the discovery of five dishonest automakers
swindling more than 1 billion yuan ($149.9 million) in government subsidies in
2015.

Yang Yusheng, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences who specializes in
batteries, said abnormally bountiful subsidies bring more harm than good.

"Carmakers start to produce vehicles that will bring most subsidies. Obsessed
with the subsidies, they have no intention to think about what the market really
needs," said Yang at a recent forum in Beijing.

China's latest policy stipulates that in 2016, one electric bus is entitled to
up to 400,000 yuan in subsidies - one fourth lower than the previous version,
yet almost enough to cover the cost of its production.

For passenger cars, one electric car is eligible for 55,000 yuan and one plug-in
hybrid, 30,000 yuan from the central government in 2016. Local government
subsidies vary by region.

The central government started offering subsidies to stimulate the production of
new energy vehicles in 2009, and 33.4 billion yuan had been earmarked as of the
end of 2015, said the finance ministry.

"The unduly high subsidies have lured some Chinese automakers to develop bad
habits: they pursue money; they rely heavily on subsidies; and they are
short-sighted in terms of their development," Yang said.

Late last month, Song Qiuling, a finance ministry official, said at a forum on
new energy vehicles that it is considering raising the threshold at which
carmakers qualify to receive subsidies from the central government.

China has about 200 manufacturers of new energy passenger vehicles, buses and
special-use vehicles, but they lag behind global leaders in terms of quality,
reliability and technology, said a report from the National Development and
Reform Commission, the top economic planner.

The road ahead

The central government has worked out a plan to cut the subsidies in 2017 and
stop them by the end of 2020, hoping that the sector can fend for itself in the
market by then.

Last year, China sold 330,000 new energy vehicles. From January to August 2016,
245,000 new energy vehicles were sold, more than double the number of the same
period last year.

Yang welcomed the move, saying favorable industrial policies should be temporary
in nature.

"It is like when a mother stops breastfeeding her baby. Both of them should try
their best to adapt to the change, especially the baby."

Several new energy vehicle makers said at a forum organized by ifeng.com that
they are trying their best to brace for the gradual withdrawal of the financial
incentives.

Yang Jiabiao, a senior executive of BAIC Motor's new energy vehicle arm, said
the absence of the subsidies will affect his company "a lot", so it has come up
with technical and marketing solutions to offset its effects.

He said the company, which is dedicated to electric cars, introduced the
sector's first ever trade-in scheme earlier last month to increase its customer
base and enhance their confidence in new energy vehicles.

Denza, a joint venture between BYD and Daimler, believes the sector - expected
to sell 500,000 cars this year - will be able to develop by itself, but calls
for a continuation of policies other than financial stimuli to boost its
development.

China has been contemplating introducing a credit scheme to encourage automakers
to improve new energy car quality and reliability.

Yan Chen, Denza's CEO, said: "We see one step downward in 2017, which cuts
subsidies by 20 percent, and another one in 2019. Clear follow-up policies are
critical to a company's draft of development plans."

SAIC Motor, the largest automaker by sales in China, believes that technology is
the key to ensuring new energy vehicles' competitiveness when there are no
subsidies.

Zhu Jun, vice-director of the automaker's technology center, said currently one
degree of electricity (one kilowatt hour) is enough to power the car for six
kilometers. Zhu believes it will attract more people if the mileage can increase
to 10 kilometers.

"It would be a great technological breakthrough and it is more important than
the price of batteries being halved," said Zhu.

Zhu said the sector will not be considered really competitive until taxi drivers
are willing to purchase new energy cars, as they always choose "well-built and
economical vehicles".

Currently, new energy vehicles account for some 1.5 percent of the passenger car
market and Zhu expects the figure to stand at 10 percent by 2025.

"That will be a great job, if we can make it," said Zhu.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 09/26/2016 page18)

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Subsidies to farmers help agriculture? Perhaps not;
Rising dole hits both investment and productivity

BYLINE: The Financial Express

LENGTH: 620  words


Rising dole hits both investment and productivity

With around Rs 175,000-180,000 crore of annual expenditure on agriculture
subsidies, the government probably feels it is doing a lot for the farmers and,
come election time, will probably boast about it to get the rural vote.

With around Rs 175,000-180,000 crore of annual expenditure on agriculture
subsidies, the government probably feels it is doing a lot for the farmers and,
come election time, will probably boast about it to get the rural vote. Yet, as
an Icrier analysis at its 'Supporting Indian farms the smart way' workshop
shows, not only is the rising subsidy not helping agriculture as much as one
would have hoped, it is worsening matters in various pockets in the country, and
not just for the farmers. There is, of course, the obvious problem of large
leakages. In the case of fertiliser subsidies that account for over 40% of the
total agriculture subsidy, at current global prices, a large chunk of subsidies
actually go to inefficient local producers-at a time when global commodity
prices are likely to remain low, it is important to keep this in mind. And when
the fertiliser subsidy reaches the farmer, it is the larger farmers who get the
bulk of it. That, of course, also applies to water and electricity subsidies
that, together, add up to around 4.8% of the agriculture GDP, or around 55% of
all farm subsidies. At a macro level, the problem is deeper since, at 9% of
agriculture GDP, the money spent is around three times that spent on investment
in the sector-so, if expenditure on subsidies was to be reduced, this would
enable the government to spend more on investment.

If the expenditure on subsidies had the same impact as an increase in government
investment, it wouldn't really matter. But, as the study points out, the money
is better spent on investment, and by a long margin. For every million rupees
spent on agriculture R&D, for instance, it finds that the number of poor would
fall by 251-contrast this with a mere 11 in the case of the fertiliser subsidy
and a negligible number in the case of irrigation. Every rupee spent on
agriculture R&D, similarly, helps increase agriculture growth by R7.68-higher
yielding seeds or, for instance, GM seeds that can withstand a flood/drought
will boost farm output significantly. That same rupee, when spent on fertilisers
helps raise agriculture GDP by a mere 35 paise.

The picture gets even worse when you take into account the negative impact of
the subsidies. The most evocative example of this, of course, is the recent
controversy over holding IPL matches in Maharashtra due to severe drought-as FE
pointed out at that time, the 6 million litres of water that the IPL matches
would consume was something used up in producing just 3 tonnes of sugar in the
state versus the 9-10 million tonnes that is produced annually. With water
available free, however, Maharashtra's farmers don't think twice about growing a
crop that is mainly responsible for aggravating the crisis. Nor is Maharashtra
alone-Punjab, for instance, uses more than twice the water that West Bengal does
for cultivating rice, but nonetheless continues to be the biggest producer in
the country. According to the Icrier study, nearly 80% of groundwater reservoirs
in Punjab and 60% in Haryana are over-exploited, a direct result of the
irrigation and power subsidy. Excessive use of urea, thanks to the huge subsidy
on the fertiliser has, similarly, meant a massive imbalance in usage and a
consequent reduction in fertility of the soil. Amazingly, despite the huge body
of evidence showing the waste, successive governments have continued to push
subsidies over investment-sadly, farmers seem to have fallen for the ploy.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

Iran anti-government groups campaign to mock call to forego subsidies - paper

LENGTH: 967 words


Text of unattributed commentary: "Where are mockery SMS messages compiled?" by
leading moderate reformist Iranian daily E'temad website on 13 April

Who are the compilers of SMS messages ridiculing the campaign "on foregoing the
subsidies?" Are they organized and in an unwritten unity with each other? One of
the pro-government sites believes that "at a time when the discussion and issue
of subsidies are linked with national and popular interests, the activities of a
united anti-government process that some have named 'the staff of saying yes to
subsidies' have increased." This site writes: "After the government was unable,
despite its great efforts, to gain the vote of the Majlis to delay the second
phase of the targeted subsidies - because of the people's economic condition -
the anti-government staff has embarked on its efforts to bring the government to
its knees in all the fields. Now with the formation of the 'Yes to Subsidies'
branch, it is trying to inflict another blow to the government thinking that
this action will overshadow the popularity of the president."

No to subsides, testing the president's popularity? This staff or united
anti-government "Yes To Subsidies" group, which is headed by the Voice and
Vision Organization [national radio and television], resorts to provocative
campaigns and broadcasts repeated and directed remarks about the president on
the subsides; and while trying to attribute the slogan of "foregoing the
subsidies" to the president, it intends to place Ruhani's popularity versus "the
number of people who have not registered for the subsidies and the concerns and
disagreement of the people with the idea of 'no to subsidies'" and to make
optimum use of this so that it can achieve the results it seeks. Repeated
contacts have been made by the president's close associates and advisers with
Zarghami [head of the Voice and Vision Organization] and with the deputy heads
and even reporters of this organization, as well as with the chief editors of
some of the anti-government media requesting that such actions be prevented and
not to allow national interests and popular interests to be sacrificed for the
group interests of certain specific processes! Mohammad Reza Sadeq, the
president's media adviser too has confirmed this report and said: "The head,
deputies, and even reporters of this organization were contacted and asked to
pay more attention to this issue."

From SMS jokes to provocative TV ads: Apart from its prominent role in
programming and the special radio and television reports this unified
anti-government process has tried to indirectly propound the "Yes to Subsidies"
slogan through news sites, written media, and so on. Of course, according to the
president, registering for subsidies is the definitive right of Iranian
citizens. But whether or not this process is trying, with its provocative
actions and by disseminating obscure slogans, to encourage the people "to
register for the subsidies just to get even with the government" is one of the
oddest methods of this staff in a psychological war against the government. The
dissemination of hundreds of jokes, poems, and SMS messages attacking the
president and the "No to Subsidies" slogan that are circulating among millions
of people are only a small part of the psychological war of this staff against
the government. This massive and unprecedented volume of SMS messages also makes
one deduce that a committee has been set up to write poetry and make up jokes
about the "No to Subsidies" idea. The uninterrupted and sincere effort of this
process or united group is being made at a time when the "targeted subsidies"
project is a national project and has nothing to do with any process of group.
This national project was to be implemented by the former government but was
delayed due to certain reasons and was inherited, together with the critical
economic conditions, by the 11th government. Nevertheless, given its
"law-oriented" nature, the government regards itself duty bound to implement it
because it regards a correct implementation to be to the benefit of national
economy and sustainable progress. The country's ill today is the
process-oriented attitude and total indifference towards the interests of the
system, and this is a different model for bringing the government to its knees
and jeopardizing national interests and the interests of the nation.

Intelligent Approach: Probably the 11th government had an inaccurate perception
of the approach of the critics, especially the Voice and Vision Organization,
with the issue of relinquishing the subsidies. While during the past months the
Voice and Vision has never been fully in line with the government in various
fields, namely foreign policy, how could it fall in line with the government? An
expert study of all the Voice and Vision programmes on foregoing the subsidies
could and should be placed on the agenda of the government and the media
experts. Some of the programmes broadcast on the radio and the various kinds of
possible pressure on the government on foregoing the subsidies, which are
disseminated in a clearly unprincipled way, will only lead to the citizens'
suspicions. The experts and managers of hundreds of government groups and
organizations these days should be able to offer effective campaigning methods
and support the government in the extremely significant issue of foregoing the
subsidies. While in the previous days repeated, cliched, and ineffective remarks
have been made by the pro-government media, hundreds of SMS jokes have been
disseminated by the opposite side. Probably dealing with this issue from the
non-security aspect and an autopsy on the government's weaknesses could be
effective for the ensuing steps.

Source: E'temad website, Tehran, in Persian 13 Apr 14

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               November 16, 2013

The Avoidable Oppressive Burden of Fuel Subsidy

BYLINE: Les Leba

LENGTH: 1027 words


The social trauma induced by the unexpected fuel price hike of January 1, 2012
seems to have put further discussions on appropriate pricing of Premium Motor
Spirit (PMS) in the cooler. Meanwhile, government's attempt to cleanse the
Augean stable of fuel subsidy scams seems to have had little or no effect on the
humongous value of subsidy paid to oil marketers.

Incidentally, at a recent hearing of the Senate Joint Committee on
Appropriation, the Finance Minister, Dr. Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, reported that
about N1.4tn had been expended on subsidy payments this year. According to the
minister, this amount excludes subsidies paid for kerosene imports, which Mr.
Dakuku Peterside, the Chairman Committee on Petroleum, also recently confirmed
to be in excess of N634bn for the last three years.

Furthermore, tens of billions of naira still remain outstanding to oil
marketers, while the subsidy claims for October to December are also not yet
accounted for. In other words, ultimately, about N2tn may be expended as fuel
subsidy in 2013. The dismal comparison is that inexplicably, only about N1.5tn
was allocated for infrastructure and capital development in the 2013 budget.

Meanwhile, the 2014/2016 Medium Term Expenditure framework is not quite explicit
on the projected subsidy payments in government's fiscal strategy for the next
three years. In any event, there is nothing to suggest that fuel subsidy
payments would fall below the estimated 2013 burden of about N2tn. In other
words, Nigerians may not witness any significant improvement in capital and
infrastructure enhancement in the next three years.

In reality, the choices we make individually or collectively ultimately
determine what we become; the question, therefore, is, how far and how fast can
we grow if we continuously devote over 40% of our annual budget to fuel subsidy
payments? There is, therefore, an urgent need to re-examine our fiscal and
monetary strategy and evolve much more responsible ways of dealing with the
issue of wasteful subsidy payment, and its impact on critical infrastructural
deprivation and deepening poverty nationwide.

Regrettably, in spite of public resistance to any fuel price hike, the
government's management team seems incapable of formulating a policy that would
eliminate fuel subsidy. For the rest of this article, we will consider
alternative strategies for removing the oppressive burden of subsidy in our
fiscal strategy.

Let's first take a look at the issue of kerosene usage and pricing. In the
belief that higher kerosene prices impact adversely on the income of the masses,
government subsidy on kerosene is considerably higher than PMS. Regrettably,
however, government's expectation seems to have been misplaced as kerosene sells
in the open market at over N120 per litre in place of the subsidized price of
N50 per litre.

Worse still, it is worrisome that government's attention appears rivetted in
promoting kerosene as a source of domestic fuel, when, in fact, our relatively
cheap and extensive gas reserves are recklessly flared off with damaging
consequences on climate, and severe health hazards for host communities of gas
reserves.

The amount of N634bn apparently spent on kerosene subsidy in the last three
years, would most certainly have funded gas pipelines to some, if not all of our
major urban areas. Furthermore, existing petrol stations could be configured to
also dispense gas for domestic use; ultimately, as is the case in industrialized
countries, all homes can be connected to enjoy the supply of clean and cheap gas
for domestic use. Indeed, government needs to urgently partner or encourage
private investment in the domestic manufacture of cheap and durable gas stoves
for possibly free distribution to as many households as possible. Such a
strategy would help to conserve our forests, and also reduce the horrendous
accidents from the use of adulterated kerosene. This would appear to be a more
sensible approach to supporting the needs of the poor than the disenabling
challenges of kerosene subsidy, and the minimal impact on the lives of the poor.

Indeed, it would not be out of place, if government took the bold step of
insisting that every vehicle imported into Nigeria henceforth should also be
compatible for gas application. In similar vein, gas supply could also be
rapidly made accessible for use in power plant nationwide. In this manner, our
erstwhile largely wasted and hazardous gas reserves will be productively
harnessed.

The alternative strategy for the abolition of subsidy on petrol is probably much
simpler. I have maintained for several years that fuel subsidy payments are
induced by a misguided exchange rate mechanism. For example, the weaker the
naira rate of exchange, the greater will be subsidy payments annually. Thus, if
international FOB market price of PMS is, for example, $1, then, by extension,
this would be equivalent to N160 per litre! On the other hand, if the naira
exchange rate falls to N200 per dollar, while official pump price remains at
N97, this would imply that, the naira subsidy component will increase.

Conversely, if the naira exchange rate strengthens to N80 per dollar, for
example, this implies that PMS would similarly sell at N80 per litre plus
freight and clearing charges; i.e. well below the current official price of N97
per litre. Thus, the government may earn close to N14 per litre as a sales tax,
rather than pay subsidy of about N40 per litre. However, the obvious question
would be, how do we strengthen the value of the naira, when we do not produce
anything other than oil?

The answer, of course, is that an export-oriented multicultural economy will
bring in the same foreign exchange that a thriving, very successful monocultural
economy will provide. The problem with dollar revenue derived from crude oil is
the unfortunate manipulation of exchange rate in favour of the dollar by the
CBN's misguided substitution of naira allocations for dollar-derived revenue;
this is the albatross in our economic system, as the ensuing excess naira
liquidity places the naira at a disadvantage in the foreign exchange market, in
which the same CBN rations dollar supply.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          September 3, 2005, Saturday

PERSPECTIVE : COTTONING ON TO A US SUBSIDY FRAUD;
 ANDREW MITCHELL, SHADOW SECRETARY OF STATE FOR INTERNATIONAL

BYLINE: ANDREW MITCHELL

SECTION: First Edition; COMMENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 604 words

HIGHLIGHT: Mali: US subsidies are ruining the lives of millions


The people of Mali are under severe threat from the same food crisis that is
affecting their neighbour Niger - and this problem is compounded by American
farm subsidies.

On a recent visit to Mali in West Africa, I saw how the subsidies paid to
American cotton farmers by the US Government are quite literally ruining the
lives of millions of people in one of the poorest countries on earth.

I visited Beleco, a village in the cotton producing district of Fana and met
with many cotton farmers, including Mr Yayas Sangare. Standing in the fields
where he and his family had grown cotton for generations he explained to me the
labour-intensive process of producing cotton. He and his nine sons work for the
whole day, every day in the fields without any machinery - their whole life
dedicated to cotton production.

Mr Sangare works in a similar way to the 30 per cent of Mali's 10 million
population who depend on cotton production for their livelihood. Millions more
are indirectly affected by it: cotton helps pay for health and education, it
helps build houses and schools.

Malian farmers are able to produce high-quality cotton at the most competitive
prices. Production costs are three times lower than in the US. Yet despite all
their natural advantages, people like Mr Sangare are suffering because of the
enormous subsidies that American and some EU cotton growers receive.

There are 25,000 cotton farmers in America, compared with ten million in West
Africa. In 2002, US cotton producers were given $ 4bn of American taxpayer's
money - more than the combined total earnings of all Mali's cotton farmers.
These subsidies artificially depress the price of cotton on world markets.

For people like Mr Sangare, this causes enormous hardship. If the cotton price
is low he has less money for his children's school fees, family medicines and to
develop his farm. Indeed, Mr Sangare had been forced to take two of his children
out of school. Mr Sangare is unable to afford to go to the regional health
dispensary to buy medicine for his family. Instead he turns to less effective
plant-based medicine to treat serious diseases. This often leads directly to
illness and unnecessary deaths.

The farmers I met in Beleco know exactly why cotton prices are so low.

One farmer, Mr Magnan Fane, grew visibly agitated as he told me the suffering
that the artificially low cotton price is causing. "This farm is my life", he
said. "We can compete with American farmers, but can't compete with their
subsidies".

And these subsidies are a fraud on the taxpayers of the US and the EU. In 2001
the total subsidies were 30 per cent higher than the value of the cotton
produced. Growing cotton cost the US money. It would have been better not to
grow it at all.

The American taxpayer is hit twice: first to foot the bill for the subsidies to
its farmers, second for aid programmes for Mali itself to try to make up for
some of the damage done by its subsidies.

However, it does appear that the tide is turning. Earlier this year, the World
Trade Organisation decreed that American cotton subsidies are illegal. President
Bush has indicated his willingness to abandon them. We must do all we can to
encourage this process.

We must support the WTO to help poor countries. The WTO is on the side of the
Malian cotton farmers, who just want free and fair access to world markets.

If more poor countries were able to take their complaints to the body, poor
people everywhere would benefit. That is why Michael Howard has proposed an
Advocacy Fund to help developing countries fight their corner

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                               May 1, 2015 Friday

Purti Group firm violated norms for subsidy from Centre: CAG report

BYLINE: Express News Service

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


A CAG report tabled in Lok Sabha on Thursday has flagged non-compliance by Purti
Sakhar Karkhana Limited (PSKL) - a bagasse based co-generation project of the
Purti Group in which Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari
was once a board member - of conditions for interest subsidy extended to it by
the Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE).

According to the CAG report on "Financing of Renewable Energy Projects by Indian
Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA)", in the case of PSKL, the
ministry sanctioned Rs 1.92 crore as interest subsidy. Against this, the
ministry released Rs 1.37 crore in June 2004 to IREDA on net present value-basis
for disbursement to the borrower, PSKL.

The audit found that the borrower did not comply with the conditions for
interest subsidy that stipulated the renewable energy project was to operate for
a minimum of 10 years after its completion. The project, which was to be
commissioned in February 2004, but finally commissioned in March 2007, in June
2009 over to 100 per cent coal-based operation as against up to 25 per cent
allowed in the subsidy scheme.

Moreover, though the loan became a non-performing asset in March 2007, the
actual benefit from the subsidy amounting to Rs 1.66 crore - including an
interest subsidy of Rs 1.17 crore and accrued interest of Rs 49 lakh thereon -
was passed on till December 2009. Unutilised interest subsidy of Rs 22 lakh was
refunded to the ministry in August 2010.

The CAG found: "The borrower settled its outstanding dues by way of OTS
(one-time settlement) in December 2009 for an amount of Rs 71.35 crore against
Rs 84.12 crore, but IREDA did not initiate any action for recovery of the
interest subsidy of Rs 1.66 crore. Thus, though the borrower violated the terms
and conditions for subsidy schemes, IREDA continued giving subsidy."

According to the CAG report, the IREDA management stated in April 2014 that PSKL
settled the account with it and paid the entire loan outstanding as per OTS
sanction, and that the implementation of the project was delayed due to various
reasons.

On the use of coal for operation of the plant, the management stated that the
same needs to be seen on the entire fuel mix used during entire period and not
at a particular point of time.

The IREDA management stated that the subsidy of Rs 1.17 crore was passed on to
PSKL till the time it settled the dues, and for the remaining period of the
loan, the subsidy that was not passed on to PSKL was refunded to the ministry.

As per the national auditor, IREDA further stated that any account becoming an
NPA does not necessarily require that the interest subsidy will not be passed.
In this case, PSKL paid its dues as per OTS norms. The subsidy was passed up to
the quarter ending September 2009.

IREDA also stated that the project had been commissioned and not abandoned
requiring the interest subsidy to be recalled.

"The reply of the management may be seen in the context that avoiding default on
repayment by the borrower and limited deviation from renewable energy sources
(up to 25 per cent) were important components of the scheme, and as such, IREDA
cannot change/interpret specific conditions for grant of subsidy of GOI schemes.
Further, the OTS proposal was sanctioned on the ground that the project was no
longer an RE (renewable energy) project," the CAG stated.

Purti Group could not be reached for comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

New energy subsidies to be cut

BYLINE: Li Fusheng

LENGTH: 883  words


Industry experts are calling for the authorities to cut subsidies for China's
new energy vehicle industry following the discovery of five dishonest automakers
swindling more than 1 billion yuan ($149.9 million) in government subsidies in
2015.

An exhibitor prepares a charger for a new energy car at an energy conservation
and new energy auto show in Nanjing, Jiangsu province, on Sept 7. Wang Luxian /
For China Daily

Government hopes to streamline the electric auto market with updated policies

Industry experts are calling for the authorities to cut subsidies for China's
new energy vehicle industry following the discovery of five dishonest automakers
swindling more than 1 billion yuan ($149.9 million) in government subsidies in
2015.

Yang Yusheng, a member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences who specializes in
batteries, said abnormally bountiful subsidies bring more harm than good.

"Carmakers start to produce vehicles that will bring most subsidies. Obsessed
with the subsidies, they have no intention to think about what the market really
needs," said Yang at a recent forum in Beijing.

China's latest policy stipulates that in 2016, one electric bus is entitled to
up to 400,000 yuan in subsidies - one fourth lower than the previous version,
yet almost enough to cover the cost of its production.

For passenger cars, one electric car is eligible for 55,000 yuan and one plug-in
hybrid, 30,000 yuan from the central government in 2016. Local government
subsidies vary by region.

The central government started offering subsidies to stimulate the production of
new energy vehicles in 2009, and 33.4 billion yuan had been earmarked as of the
end of 2015, said the finance ministry.

"The unduly high subsidies have lured some Chinese automakers to develop bad
habits: they pursue money; they rely heavily on subsidies; and they are
short-sighted in terms of their development," Yang said.

Late last month, Song Qiuling, a finance ministry official, said at a forum on
new energy vehicles that it is considering raising the threshold at which
carmakers qualify to receive subsidies from the central government.

China has about 200 manufacturers of new energy passenger vehicles, buses and
special-use vehicles, but they lag behind global leaders in terms of quality,
reliability and technology, said a report from the National Development and
Reform Commission, the top economic planner.

The road ahead

The central government has worked out a plan to cut the subsidies in 2017 and
stop them by the end of 2020, hoping that the sector can fend for itself in the
market by then.

Last year, China sold 330,000 new energy vehicles. From January to August 2016,
245,000 new energy vehicles were sold, more than double the number of the same
period last year.

Yang welcomed the move, saying favorable industrial policies should be temporary
in nature.

"It is like when a mother stops breastfeeding her baby. Both of them should try
their best to adapt to the change, especially the baby."

Several new energy vehicle makers said at a forum organized by ifeng.com that
they are trying their best to brace for the gradual withdrawal of the financial
incentives.

Yang Jiabiao, a senior executive of BAIC Motor's new energy vehicle arm, said
the absence of the subsidies will affect his company "a lot", so it has come up
with technical and marketing solutions to offset its effects.

He said the company, which is dedicated to electric cars, introduced the
sector's first ever trade-in scheme earlier last month to increase its customer
base and enhance their confidence in new energy vehicles.

Denza, a joint venture between BYD and Daimler, believes the sector - expected
to sell 500,000 cars this year - will be able to develop by itself, but calls
for a continuation of policies other than financial stimuli to boost its
development.

China has been contemplating introducing a credit scheme to encourage automakers
to improve new energy car quality and reliability.

Yan Chen, Denza's CEO, said: "We see one step downward in 2017, which cuts
subsidies by 20 percent, and another one in 2019. Clear follow-up policies are
critical to a company's draft of development plans."

SAIC Motor, the largest automaker by sales in China, believes that technology is
the key to ensuring new energy vehicles' competitiveness when there are no
subsidies.

Zhu Jun, vice-director of the automaker's technology center, said currently one
degree of electricity (one kilowatt hour) is enough to power the car for six
kilometers. Zhu believes it will attract more people if the mileage can increase
to 10 kilometers.

"It would be a great technological breakthrough and it is more important than
the price of batteries being halved," said Zhu.

Zhu said the sector will not be considered really competitive until taxi drivers
are willing to purchase new energy cars, as they always choose "well-built and
economical vehicles".

Currently, new energy vehicles account for some 1.5 percent of the passenger car
market and Zhu expects the figure to stand at 10 percent by 2025.

"That will be a great job, if we can make it," said Zhu.

lifusheng@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily 09/26/2016 page18)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/85/147485262368.jpg

f04da2db11221952af4830.jpg

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/34/147485262818.jpg

f04da2db11221952af5e31.jpg

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday

NBS CRISIL report adn extended analysis of impact on subsidy, industry profits

SECTION: POLICY

LENGTH: 579 words


NEW DELHI: Moving from a Fluctuating Subsidy, Fixed Price regime to the Fixed
Subsidy, Fluctuating Price regime of the new Nutrient-based subsidy policy (NBS)
is unlikely to mean a win-win situation for the domestic fertiliser industry, a
CRISIL Ratings report has said.

The report has emphasized that under the NBS, there will likely be higher
volatility in profits for players, with more efficient players placed more
comfortably to neutralise the its impact and control product costs better.

The report also states that while the NBS regime was likely to peg down the
Central government's subsidy bill for complex fertilisers on account of the
fixed subsidy component, the actual extent of the savings impact on the subsidy
bill would only be evident after all the details on per nutrient subsidy
including secondary and micro nutrients is unveiled.

As yet, the details of these have not been mapped, leaving the NBS inconclusive,
although signaling a relatively more effective subsidy regime for fertilisers,
both in terms of subsidy savings and soil fertility over time. Independent back
of the envelope assessments by sections of the industry had pegged savings
against last year's subsidy bill, with the onset of the NBS, at around 10%.

Contrary to assessments (by sections of the industry) that the proposed hike in
urea price, being pass through costs, would not boost their margins, the report
contends that since the reliance of the industry on the GOI for urea subsidy
would be reduced to the extent of 10%, it would allow players more liquidity.

Currently, fertcos have at least two months' worth of subsidy/concession stuck
with the Centre at any given time. Rs 20,000 crore of Special Bonds to settle
dues, now fetching a discount of 10% in the market, have further reduced their
cash flow despite persistently volatile input and raw material prices.

Significantly, with pressure from a number of allies and Opposition parties
mounting already, the Centre could likely reduce the proposed hike in farmer
price for urea, frozen since 2002, to only 5% instead of the announced 10%.

Again, political pressure is also likely to force the government to keep freeing
up of retail prices set by fertcos for farmers strictly range-bound, especially
given the persistent and ongoing high food inflation period and the urgent need
to focus on food security.

Subsidy for complex ferts has already been linked to import parity prices since
April 2008, thus exposing producers to volatility in international prices for
both fertilisers and raw materials.

CRISIl contends that given that, any volatility in the price of imported raw
materials and inputs would impact the profits of players in the segment more
than ever before. Ergo, only fertiliser players with strong operating
efficiencies, healthy supplier relationships, backward linkages and "high
flexibility to alter product mix" would be able to withstand and manage the
resultant price volatility and its impact on profits.

The retail prices of complex fertilizers will be decided by the players.
Therefore over the medium term, players with strong brands and those close to
key markets will be better placed under the NBS regime, the report holds.

CRISIL also believes that the NBS will address the issue of imbalance in soil
nutrients, and encourage players to introduce innovative products, thereby
promoting balanced fertilization and application of secondary and
micronutrients.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Power bill subsidy extended for one year

BYLINE: Jeremy Warren, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 449  words


After asserting for months it will scrap the Rate Stabilization Fund in July,
the Yukon Party government is extending the electrical bill subsidy another
year.

The government planned to scrap the subsidy July 1 after an expected rate
decrease on electricity bills in February.

The price cut didn't happen, but it's still in the works.

Utility companies are expected to lower rates after the Sherwood Copper Minto
mine taps into the territorial power grid.

Minto is expected to buy about $4 million in electricity per year, according to
Yukon Energy.

That general rate application won't be made until late fall or winter, so the
government extended the subsidy.

Consumers should use the extension to explore other energy conservation options,
said Energy, Mines and Resources Minister Archie Lang.

He did not return calls for an interview by press time.

Last year, energy watchdogs and environmentalists applauded the government's
decision to scrap the subsidy.

Critics argue consumers avoid energy conservation because the subsidy encourages
people to use more.

The more electricity used, the greater the subsidy -- more energy efficiency
means fewer subsidies.

The subsidy was never meant to be a permanent measure.

The stabilization fund was created, after the Faro mine closed in 1998, to
protect consumers from increasing electricity prices with the loss of the grid's
biggest customer.

Over the past nine years, it cost the government $29 million.

The original subsidy cost a household $99 for using 1,000-kilowatt hours of
electricity per month.

Then a 50 per cent cut in the subsidy last summer increased that bill to about
$117.

It was expected the same bill would increase to $136 when the subsidy was
scrapped entirely on July 1.

The extension is a welcome surprise, said Liberal energy critic Gary McRobb.

Lang indicated the subsidy would be phased out because of expected lower rates
from utility companies following a general rate application.

"After maintaining throughout the spring sitting he was not prepared to continue
the (subsidy), the minister has changed his mind and that is good news for
consumers," said McRobb.

Simply "rate-shocking" consumers to conserve energy isn't good policy,
especially for low-income households, he added.

McRobb suggested the development of more conservation programs.

Energy conservation is a better way to lower power bills, not subsidies, Lang
told the legislature in April.

"The rate stabilization plan does nothing to address (energy cost) increases,"
he said.

The rate-stabilization fund costs the Yukon Development Corporation, which took
over the program from the government in 2003, about $5 million per year.

Contact Jeremy Warren at: jeremyw@yukon-news.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2008 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           November 13, 1995, Monday

FEW VOTERS WOULD AX SHIP SUBSIDIES, SURVEY FINDS

BYLINE: TIM SANSBURY; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 758 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Despite nationwide support for slashing government spending, few active voters
believe subsidies for U.S.-flag shipping lines should be eliminated, according
to a poll conducted for The Journal of Commerce over the first weekend in
November.

A majority of those polled favored either a reduction or a maintaining of ship
operating subsidies, according to the nationwide survey of 999 residents who
voted in the 1992 presidential election. Thirty-five percent favored a eduction;
36 percent felt subsidies should be kept the same.

The poll results come at a time when Congress is debating the future of maritime
subsidies. The current subsidy program, which is administered by the
Transportation Department's Maritime Administration, expires in 1997.

The Republican-dominated Congress has pushed not to renew the plan. The Clinton
administration and congressional maritime industry advocates, however, propose
enacting another program that would provide $ 1 billion in subsidies over a
10-year period. The subsidies largely are used to defray the higher cost of
employing U.S. citizens to crew the ships.

Legislation authorizing some funds for the program has cleared the Senate but
has not gone forward in the House.

Without the government assistance, U.S. shipping lines say they will be forced
to register their ships under the flags of other nations and operate them with
foreign crews.

A low number of active voters - 14 percent - said the ship-operating subsidies
should be eliminated. Only 15 percent said they were undecided, indicating
voters have a reasonable level of interest in the issue and are willing to
express an opinion. The poll has a margin of error of plus or minus 3 percent.

A higher number of voters - 49 percent - favor some type of cut in the subsidies
, either through elimination or reduction. This figure includes the 14 percent
favoring elimination and the 35 percent who would support a substantial
reduction in government assistance.

The poll showed that 36 percent of respondents nationwide favor maintaining
funding levels proposed by the Clinton administration.

Bill Teator, a spokesman for Rep. Gerald Solomon, R-N.Y., said the survey shows
Americans share the concerns of the congressman about supporting U.S. troops in
time of war.

Rep. Solomon chairs the powerful House Rules Committee. He and Rep. Herb
Bateman, R-Va., are pressing the House leadership to schedule a vote soon on
legislation that would preserve subsidies and the U.S.-flag fleet.

The Republican lawmakers told House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-Texas, in a
letter last week that their legislation is "imperative to the health of our
already shrinking maritime industry" and that it will "ensure that American
soldiers will never be at the mercy of foreign-flag vessels that refuse for
political reasons to carry our military cargo overseas."

The congressman "feels this is important to national security," Mr. Teator said.
"We have to have reliable shipping capability when U.S. soldiers are put in hot
spots."

Rob Quartel, a frequent subsidy critic and former member of the Federal Maritime
Commission, offered an entirely different reading of the poll.

"Almost half of those polled would reduce or eliminate these subsidies
altogether," said Mr. Quartel.

That high percentage was registered even though the propose d subsidies are only
half of what they've been historically, and given the "favorable spin on the
question," he said.

"The question should have been worded: 'Given that the government has spent $ 20
billion on these subsidies over the past 35 years, and we still used foreign
ships in the Persian Gulf crisis, would you support these subsidies even at
reduced levels?' " he said.

The poll shows "the more the public knows about these programs, the less likely
they are to survive," he said.

The poll was conducted by EPIC-MRA/Mitchell, a Lansing, Mich., firm that
conducts a monthly nationwide poll of 1,000 active voters.

Ed Sarpolus, EPIC-MRA vice president, focused on the low number of voters
calling for subsidy elimination, saying that despite the budget crunch
''military preparedness" still is a concern for Americans.

The 35 percent of voters who would reduce the subsidies indicates voters are
saying, "If it can be cut, cut it, but don't eliminate it. If there is waste,
like (an overly expensive) hammer, get rid of it."

In a very broad sense, the poll reflects a very American trait, Mr. Sarpolus
said. "Americans don't want to depend on others for anything."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: Pie charts: MARITIME SUBSIDIES: THE VOTER'S PERSPECTIVE; Eliminate,

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: GRAPHIC

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                           September 05, 2014 Friday

Govt expected to announce subsidy reforms in budget

BYLINE: P Prem Kumar

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 591 words


The government is currently finalising specifications for the proposed targeted
subsidy system, with possibilities for the measures to be announced in the
upcoming Budget 2015.

Minister in charge of the Economic Planning Unit, Datuk Seri Abdul Wahid Omar,
said the government - having started the subsidy rationalisation process last
year - will announce further measures to reduce subsidies in due course.

"We are seriously going through and are finalising the various approaches. That
(whether it would be announced in the upcoming budget) is up to the prime
minister to decide," he told reporters after officiating a business forum
yesterday.

Abdul Wahid said despite the timeframe for the system announcement, the
government is committed to fiscal consolidation, among others subsidy reforms.

The government had begun by reducing the petrol and diesel subsidies by 20 sen
back in September 2013.

"One of the approaches being considered is to introduce a targeted subsidy
system that would ensure fuel subsidies will benefit the low- and medium- income
groups.

"A targeted subsidy system would help reduce the subsidy burden as the current
fuel subsidy system allows everyone to enjoy the subsidy regardless of their
income level," he added.

Earlier in his keynote address, Abdul Wahid detailed three main challenges for
the propserity of the Malaysian economy moving forward.

Firstly, he said Malaysia needs to increase productivity and competitiveness to
sustain current economic growth.

"For developing countries, ma inta ining a dynamic growth trajectory will
require raising productivity and technology diffusion in labour-intensive
sectors because old growth models may no longer be sustainable.

"At the same time, structural reforms in key areas such as education, investment
and infrastructure are crucial to foster competitiveness and innovation," he
said.

Abdul Wahid said in addition, boosting productivity growth will require a focus
on deepening capital markets, developing more competitive and flexible products
and labour market, fostering a more skilled labour force and investing in
research and development as well as new technologies.

The minister cited production of quality human capital as the second important
element in enhancing sustainable growth.

"While striving to achieve a developed nation status and high-income economy,
Malaysia recognises the crucial role of human capital for the successful
transition towards a sustainable model of development," he said.

"Therefore, the strategy in human resources development, among others, will
focus on further improving access to quality education and training as well as
to strengthen the education and training delivery systems," he said, adding that
Malaysia also needs to better manage the demand and supply of skills and labour
wisely as this will raise mobility in the labour market.

Abdul Wahid said the third challenge is to achieve inclusive growth which is a
pre-requisite for sustainable development.

Despite higher economic growth, he said income disparities are still prevalent,
both within states and among regions.

He cited last year the gross domestic product per capita ranged from RM79,752 in
Kuala Lumpur to RM10,677 in Kelantan.

He said the Gini coefficient - the measurement of income distribution - will
also need to be further narrowed as towards this end, Malaysia has seen a
gradual decline in the Gini coefficient from 0.441 in 2009 to 0.431 in 2012.

Based on preliminary data, the Gini coefficient has improved further to 0.42
level in 2014.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                             March 24, 2013 Sunday

Centre amends NE transport subsidy rules

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: GUWAHATI


GUWAHATI, March 24 -- Following widespread allegations of misappropriation of
funds in disbursement of transport subsidy to industrial units of the North East
region, the Government of India has amended the rules for disbursement of
subsidy and the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion of the Ministry of
Commerce and Industries recently issued a gazette notification in this regard.

As per the gazette notification, coke and fly ash have been put on the negative
list along with tobacco, pan masala, plastic bags of less than 20 microns etc.
Highly placed official sources told The Assam Tribune that till recently, coke
industries received the highest amount of transport subsidy, but there have been
lots of allegations of misrepresentation of facts while making claims for the
subsidy. A number of coke industries also facing charges of polluting the
environment.

Sources said that according to information available, coke and coal industries
received around 37 per cent of the transport subsidy among all the industries of
the North East, followed by cement industry with around 22 per cent. Sources
said that the withdrawal of transport subsidy, now called the freight subsidy,
on fly ash would affect the cement factories to some extent.

The guidelines for disbursement of transport subsidy have also been made
stringent and now the subsidy claims would have to be cross checked with the
records of the Excise, Sales Tax, Transport and Electricity Departments and
official sources admitted that checking of all such records would reduce the
chances of misrepresentation of facts to a large extent. The Gazette
notification further stated that any false statement made by an industrial unit
or misrepresentation of facts would disqualify the unit from the grant of
freight subsidy.

The role of the State Government in checking the claims made by the industrial
units has been made more elaborate. The documents submitted by the industrial
units supporting their claims to get transport subsidy would have to be first
verified by the district industries centres before forwarding those to the
Directorate of Industries. The district centres would also have to go for
physical verification of the industries from time to time to ensure that proper
claims were made by the same.

As per the Gazette notification, the concerned State Government would have to
prescribe a system for registration of industrial units, which seek to apply for
Freight Subsidy. The State Governments would have to form a State Level
Committee comprising the Principal Secretary or Secretary of the Industry and
Commerce Department, Director of Industries and representatives of the Finance
and Transport Departments to consider the claims and recommend disbursement of
subsidies. The State Governments should draw up a mechanism for periodical
checks of the industrial units to ensure that the raw materials and finished
products are actually used or produced, the notification said.

The units not complying with the industrial standards or not receiving
environment clearance would not be eligible for the subsidy.

It may be mentioned here that the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG)
had also pointed out large scale irregularities in payment of transport subsidy
to industrial units in the North East and there was one case where the
registration number of a two wheeler was shown as the vehicle used for
transportation of materials. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Assam Tribune. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                            January 20, 2012 Friday

What Children Told Government On Subsidy Removal

BYLINE: Ojoma Akor

LENGTH: 1221 words


Since the removal of fuel subsidy, children have not been left out of the debate
for and against it. From the children who joined the nationwide strike and
protests on the streets to those who are representatives of children in the
Children Parliament, and those who just expressed their views to their peers,
parents or neighbours, they were as much interested and affected as the adults.

According to Seiyaboh Balalaymi, the former Deputy House leader of the Nigerian
Children's Parliament, they were so involved that when a mother serves stew for
instance, the children will ask if the stew too has been subsidized, and they
also watched with dismay as some parents even neglected their duties to their
children for arguments on fuel subsidy.

On Tuesday, children gathered in Abuja for a forum organized by the Ministry of
Women Affairs to educate them on the subsidy removal of government and also hear
their opinion on it.

Aside the present and past leaders and members of the Nigerian Children
Parliament, right from its inception to date, children from different schools
and places were at the event.

Hon. Chinenye Nwaneri, a former and pioneer Speaker of the Nigerian Children's
Parliament said the removal of fuel subsidy has its advantages and
disadvantages. She said the disadvantages are the pains people are feeling as a
result of the removal.

According to her: "To some extent the pain of the people are justified. The pain
and anger of how to survive gingered the protests following the subsidy removal
we witnessed in the country. Many Nigerians still live on less than a dollar per
day coupled with lack of amenities, so such an added increase in transport and
food only makes the pain of today overshadow whatever gains there is to get
tomorrow."

She said another issue is the fact that many Nigerians don't trust government,
and this is because of the unaccountability of past administrations thus making
some people say they don't know if the money accruing from subsidy removal will
be used as is being promised.

She then called on the Minister of Information, Mr Labaran Maku, the Women
Affairs Minister, Hajiya Zainab Maina, the Special Adviser on Ethics and Values,
Mrs Sarah Jibril and other officials present to tell Mr President that yes,
subsidy removal has its benefits but Nigerians, particularly the poor ones are
feeling the pains and more should be done to cushion it.

Before her, former Speaker of the children's parliament, Emmanuel Attah took
time to educate all the children on the benefits of subsidy removal. He said
subsidizing fuel has become a huge burden on government as yearly they borrow to
do so. That subsidizing fuel does not reach the intended beneficiaries which are
the poor. That it has diverted money which would have gone into other critical
infrastructures, encouraged smuggling of petroleum products to other countries
and discouraged competition, among others.

He concluded by saying it is very unfair and therefore calls for subsidy
removal, adding that those who are against the removal of fuel subsidy do not
have the future of the country at heart.

Honourable Chiefson Nwawu, a former chairman on child protection agreed with
Emmanuel when he said Nigerian people should take the bull by the horn by giving
room for the desired change from refineries that are not working and sufferings
that have lasted for decades.

Another child, Seiyabo Balalaymi, a former Deputy House leader on his part said
what disturbed him was that while the subsidy removal protests and strikes
lasted, parents, teachers and clergy men who had often taught them (children)
that dialogue is the best way of resolving issues took to the streets with some
of them quarrelling, shouting, and even attempting violence.

He said dialogue remains the best key on the issue of subsidy removal, adding
that when he saw and studied what government outlined in Bayelsa State, his home
state, for instance irrigation for rice farms, water supply in central Ogbia
where many children have died of cholera, refinery in Olobiri where oil was
first discovered in 1958 among others, as a child he was happy and said to
himself that if governments execute all these and others promised in other parts
of the country, then Nigerians will have cause to thank government tomorrow for
removing subsidy on fuel.

Hafsat Kaugama, the former speaker representing the FCT faulted government's
inability to carry out massive enlightenment campaign on subsidy removal before
it removed it, saying it would have forestalled misunderstanding and breakdown
of law and order that happened in some places. She said she supports the
aphorism that says 'no pain, no gain' but the people still need government's
assurance that it will keep its promises in using the money accruing from the
subsidy removal in enhancing health, roads and others.

She said: "We shouldn't jump to conclusions on issues or policies of government
or proceed to the roads for protest without making research. People should not
also turn their back on government because it made a decision they don't like
but rather support and dialogue with them. Violence is never the answer and
cannot solve the problem."

Dayo Isreal, Senate President of the first Nigerian Children's parliament on his
part said no one in his right senses will support subsidy on fuel but what the
people are concerned and angry about is the way and manner it is being done by
government.

According to him, "the people are also angry with government for taking the
decision without making them partakers and it is not just the executive but all
arms of government. Why were children not part of the Belgore committee on
subsidy removal?"

He recommended the following:

- Government should tackle corruption.

- The people want a palliative measure that will show 'you are taking from me
but also giving me hope for the future.'

- It should pass the original version of the Petroleum Industry Bill.

- Sanusi Lamido Sanusi going by the reform he made in the banking sector should
also be part of the committee to manage funds from subsidy removal.

Aside children who have been past or present members or leaders of the Nigerian
Children Parliament, several children from schools and other places who attended
the event also asked questions and made suggestions on the subsidy.

At the end of the day, most of the children were for subsidy removal, but they
also called for some issues as discussed above to be addressed and tackled.

Earlier, Minister of Women Affairs and Social Development, Hajiya Zainab Maina
said children are change agents and leaders of tomorrow, thus it is necessary to
educate them on the policy and also listen to their views on it.

She said subsidy on fuel should have been removed long ago but successive
governments before Jonathan lacked the political will and honesty to implement
it.

She urged the children to go back home and educate their peers and parents on
the benefits of subsidy removal.

Also Speaking, Minister of Information, Mr Labaran Maku, who took time to answer
various questions from the children on fuel subsidy removal said everything the
government is doing today is to ensure a better future for the children.

He said events of the previous week on subsidy removal have given both
government and the governed opportunity to learn both positive and negative
lessons.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Division in Senate Over Fuel Subsidy Removal

BYLINE: Abdul-Rahman Abubakar

LENGTH: 441 words


Senators yesterday disagreed over plans by President Goodluck Jonathan to remove
fuel subsidy beginning from January 2012 as contained in the Medium Term Fiscal
Framework (MTEF).

Debating the general principles of the fiscal policy document, a sharp division
ensued between senators supporting the removal of fuel subsidy and those against
it.

Deputy Minority Leader Abu Ibrahim said the proposal by government for total
removal of fuel subsidy is against the will of majority of the people.

He said, "my only problem with the document is with phasing out of fuel subsidy.
Out of the 11 local governments in my constituency, nine are against subsidy
removal. Government should be advised so that we can have more refineries to be
able to meet our domestic requirement before we do away with fuel subsidy. It
should be a gradual approach."

On his part, Senator Olubunmi Adetunbi (ACN, Ekiti North) argued that the Senate
should suspend debate on the MTEF until it receives report on investigation of
management of fuel subsidy which forms a critical proposal in the document.

Senate President David Mark, however disagreed with the position and resolved to
carry on with the debate.

Also speaking against subsidy removal, Senator Garba Babayo Gamawa (PDP, Bauchi)
said "we need to be very careful in dealing with this paper. In item 611 which
states that the major component is the removal of subsidy, also item 52 which
states that revenue would be set aside for the sovereign wealth fund, it is when
you have your problems solved today that you save for tomorrow. Why are we
saving when we have problems for today? I am not in support of removal of
subsidy in anyway."

While supporting removal of fuel subsidy, Senator Ayogu Eze (PDP, Enugu) said
all other countries are cutting down on consumption to improve their level of
production.

Several other senators spoke in support of fuel subsidy removal arguing that the
policy has failed to benefit the masses that are its target, saying "removal of
fuel subsidy will free funds for development of critical infrastructures which
will ameliorate the suffering of the people."

In his summation, Mark said, "I am a bit worried that the capital increase is
just N170 billion. How can that increase really be a projection?

"The Federal Government bureaucracy is over bloated. We must find ways to reduce
the cost of running the over bloated bureaucracy with its high consumption rate.
"

After the debate, the MTEF passed through the first hurdle and has been sent to
the committees on Finance, Appropriation and National Planning for further
legislative action. The committee is expected to report back in two weeks.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Subsidy reform: Seeding change through direct benefit transfer

BYLINE: amit mohan prasad

LENGTH: 978  words


Whether subsidies should be given, or to what extent are they market-distorting,
are matters of debate. But so long as we continue with subsidies, how to reach
them to the intended beneficiaries is the main issue.

Currently, subsidy is largely provided 'at source'. Thus, in the case of
fertiliser or foodgrains and kerosene sold through the public distribution
system, consumers pay below-market rates. The gap between the market price and
the lower consumer price for these products is covered by the subsidy.

The Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) system, on the other hand, entails consumers
paying the full market price for the commodity upfront. The admissible subsidy
is, then, transferred separately to their bank account. The experience of DBT in
LPG cylinder distribution under the Centre's PAHAL scheme points to its success
in not only delivering the subsidy efficiently, but also resulting in
substantial savings for the exchequer.

The challenge lies now in extending the DBT model to other subsidies, including
those on agricultural inputs. That is where the recent example of Uttar Pradesh,
which has successfully implemented DBT for seed subsidy, may be relevant. The
programme was first tried out for providing subsidy on hybrid seeds in the 2015
kharif season. This was followed by DBT on all seeds - both certified varieties
and hybrids - during rabi 2015-16. Central to it was the creation of a farmers'
database - containing their identity proofs, land particulars and bank account
numbers - under a state government scheme called Pardarshi Kisan Seva Yojana.
The database already covers over 40 lakh farmers and is growing by the day.

The DBT programme benefited around 1.5 lakh farmers in kharif 2015. They were
given the freedom to buy seeds from any of the designated retail outlets
operated by private companies at market prices, with the subsidy being credited
separately into their bank accounts. While in the preceding kharif season, the
UP government spent more than Rs 85 crore as subsidy on hybrid paddy, maize,
jowar and bajra seeds, the outgo fell to less than Rs 25 crore in kharif 2015
post introduction of DBT. In this rabi season, too, farmers bought wheat,
oilseeds and pulses seeds from designated government/semi-government and
cooperative outlets at market-linked rates. The total subsidy amount,
transferred directly into the accounts of approximately nine lakh farmers, came
to Rs 127 crore. This again was lower compared to a bill of Rs 217 crore during
2014-15 rabi.

The main reason for the subsidy savings was the knocking-out of fictitious
beneficiaries. In fact, the DBT system's biggest achievement has been that many
farmers received subsidised seeds for the first time, thanks to the transparent
manner for identification of beneficiaries. In the earlier system of "at source"
subsidy, there wasn't any means to check who was getting the subsidy. And since
the seeds were sold at below market prices, it led to paper transactions and
diversion of subsidised material.

Under the new system, small and marginal farmers are approaching the designated
outlets with a sense of entitlement, after having registered themselves online
on the Agriculture Department's DBT portal. Nor is there scope for embezzlement
by seed stores in-charge, as the subsidy into the accounts of farmers can be
transferred only after the money collected from them has been deposited in the
treasury. The readily available database also makes it possible to provide
certified seeds - that require replacement only once in three years - to new
sets of farmers each season. This allows for faster diffusion of technology,
unlike in the earlier system where the same set of big and influential farmers
ended up getting new certified seeds every year.

The new system has other important spin-offs as well. The robust farmer-level
data generated can be useful for planning purposes in different agro-climatic
zones of UP. Also, the process of data generation and more farmers buying from
designated state seed outlets has resulted in renewal of contact between them
and the agriculture department, which again is beneficial for extension of
technology.

There are, nevertheless, two major challenges in implementation of subsidy via
DBT for all agricultural inputs. The first is the issue of upfront payment - not
all farmers can pay market prices for say, fertilisers and wait for the subsidy
to be credited to their bank accounts - and the second is the exclusion of
sharecroppers by virtue of their not 'owning' land. The latter challenge can be
addressed through changes in land leasing laws, which allow formal recognition
of non-landowning cultivators.

As regards upfront payments, one solution could be through Kisan Subsidy Cards
(KSC). Banks are now issuing Kisan Credit Card (KCC) to farmers, providing a
credit limit of up to Rs three lakh linked to their landholdings. This credit
limit could be split into two parts. While the existing KCC component would
enable farmers to withdraw cash towards making payments towards labour or
electricity/diesel for irrigation, the KSC sub-limit can be used only to make
the upfront payments on subsidised inputs like seed and fertiliser. Such
payments should, however, be allowed only through custom-made swipe machines,
with the KSC limits getting 'recharged' when the subsidy amounts from the
government are transferred into the farmers' bank accounts. The KSCs cannot be
used to draw cash from ATMs or to purchase other commodities; they can operate
only on the special swipe machines kept at the designated seed/fertiliser
stores.

Technology today enables subsidy on agricultural inputs to be delivered in an
efficient, transparent and inclusive manner via DBT. It makes sense to start
this with seeds. Once the system gets accepted by farmers, extending it to
fertilisers and other inputs is a natural corollary.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

SK Telecom business suspension makes little impact on rival telcos

BYLINE: By Lee Min-hyung

LENGTH: 457 words


SK Telecom's week-long business suspension has had a smaller-than-expected
effect on its two rivals, KT and LG Uplus, due to the government's subsidy cap
regulation, sources said Wednesday.

SK Telecom was ordered to suspend business for a week from Oct. 1 after it was
caught luring its salespeople with huge incentives in January. The Korea
Communications Commission (KCC), the nation's telecom watchdog, imposed the
sanction, claiming the telco had enticed them to offer illegal subsidies to take
more customers from its competitors.

This has sparked worries over the telecom market confusion during the week, as
KT and LG Uplus were expected to make aggressive moves to lure as many customers
as possible from SK Telecom.

But the government's subsidy cap regulation, which took effect in October 2014,
has blocked them from offering illegally high subsidies. The law prohibits
carriers from providing excessive subsidies by placing an upper subsidy limit of
330,000 won ($284) on them.

'KT and LG Uplus have failed to benefit from SK Telecom's business suspension,
as less people were willing to change their carrier due to the relatively low
subsidies,' said Kim Jang-won, an analyst at IBK Investment & Securities.

But SK Telecom countered the argument. The company claimed some handset
retailers of the two mobile carriers offered cash paybacks exceeding the 330,000
won subsidy ceiling during SK Telecom's business suspension, which the company
argues has caused telecom market confusion.

'KT and LG Uplus are offering excessive subsidies of more than 400,000 won
($341) to attract more customers while SK Telecom was ordered to suspend
business,' said an SK Telecom official.

But KT, the nation's No. 2 mobile carrier, said it is not stirring heated market
competition as it offers subsidies within the scope of the legal boundary. Only
a few retail stores have offered the illegal subsidies, it added.

'We are offering some handsets with increased subsidies since SK Telecom fell
under business suspension on Oct. 1, but subsides are provided within the limit
of 330,000 won.'

LG Uplus, the nation's third-largest mobile carrier, also claimed they have not
received outstanding benefits from the carrier's business suspension.

'The nation's telecom market has remained stable since the government's subsidy
cap regulation went into effect last year,' a LG Uplus spokesman said. 'We have
not seen any huge profits since SK Telecom's business suspension, compared to
last year.'

The company said it attracted only some 5,000 subscribers on the first day of
SK's business suspension.

On Tuesday, KCC chief Choi Sung-jun also sided with their argument, saying 'The
telecom market confusion has not taken place during SK Telecom's business
suspension.'

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 24, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

GAO Questions Administration's Decision to Decline Drug Subsidy

BYLINE: Stephen Barr

SECTION: Financial; D04 , FEDERAL DIARY Stephen Barr

LENGTH: 786 words


Federal employee groups favored the subsidy. The U.S. Postal Service wanted the
subsidy. But the Bush administration said no.

The pull-and-tug is over a 2003 law that allows employers to receive subsidies
for prescription drug coverage on the condition that they provide a benefit for
their Medicare-eligible retirees that is at least as good as the Medicare drug
plan. The government, of course, is an employer, operating a medical-insurance
program, but Bush officials decided it made little sense for the government, in
effect, to pay a subsidy to itself.

That decision has been questioned in a report from the Government Accountability
Office, the congressional auditing agency. GAO analysts think that allowing
Uncle Sam to move money from one pocket to another would probably lower premiums
in the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program, which provides medical
coverage to about 8 million people.

Taking the subsidy from the Medicare program would have lowered the average 2006
premium in the federal health benefits program by 2.6 percentage points, the GAO
calculated. Those premiums rose by 6.4 percent last year, meaning the increase
would have been nearly 4 percent with the subsidy.

The GAO said that insurance companies in the federal program differed over how
much the Medicare subsidy would have mitigated premium increases. Officials from
two large federal health insurance plans with higher-than-average numbers of
retirees told the GAO the subsidy would have helped lower premiums, with
officials at one company claiming the subsidy would have led to a reduction of
up to 4 percentage points for their plan.

The Office of Personnel Management, which runs the federal employee health
program, has ruled out applying for the Medicare subsidy. OPM officials say the
law was written to encourage employers to continue offering prescription drug
coverage to their retirees, which the employees health benefits program does.
The OPM says it has no intention of dropping retiree drug coverage.

The National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association has criticized the
OPM for refusing to seek the Medicare subsidy, contending that the OPM is
missing out on $1 billion annually. The retired employees group helped lead the
effort on Capitol Hill to make the federal government eligible for the subsidy
along with other employers, including state and local governments.

Margaret L. Baptiste, president of retired employees group, said yesterday that
the White House budget office and the OPM "should explain to federal workers,
retirees and survivor annuitants, who often struggle to pay their steadily
increasing premiums, why the federal government failed to do what a multitude of
other employers have done to reduce this burden."

One agency, the U.S. Postal Service, petitioned Medicare in 2005 to provide the
subsidy but was rejected on the grounds that postal workers are covered by the
health benefits program. Postal officials sought the subsidy because it would
save the agency about $250 million annually. Agency officials said the subsidy
would have helped rein in operating expenses, which are financed through postage
rates.

Sen. Daniel K. Akaka (D-Hawaii), new chairman for the Senate's federal workforce
subcommittee, said he plans to hold a hearing on the GAO report in the spring.

"I will take a closer look at how OPM decisions affect health care premiums,"
Akaka said in a statement. "Although OPM did a good job in keeping premium
increases down in 2006, the GAO report clearly shows that if OPM had applied for
and used the subsidy, premium growth would be reduced by 2.6 percent."

As Akaka noted, the GAO report shows that the OPM has been slowing the growth in
the average federal health insurance premium since 2002, when premiums jumped by
12.9 percent. Federal Employees Health Benefit premiums, on average, are going
up only 1.8 percent this year.

The rise in average premiums has slowed, the GAO said, because the costs of
medical services and prescription drugs have risen at a slower pace in recent
years. The GAO pointed out that the OPM has used the program's financial
reserves to curb premium growth last year and this year, by 2 percent and 5
percent respectively.

The GAO also noted that the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program has done a
better job of controlling premiums than many private-sector employers and the
California Public Employees' Retirement System, known as Calpers and second in
size to the federal program.

Over the past five years, the GAO said, the average annual growth in the federal
health benefits premiums was 7.3 percent, compared with 14.2 percent for Calpers
and 10.5 percent for companies surveyed by the GAO.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post


                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                              July 1, 2012 Sunday
                                  1 - Edition

We have a right to know

BYLINE: BRUCE FELMINGHAM

SECTION: Pg. 69

LENGTH: 843  words


The debate should not only be about making subsidies transparent, but also the
circumstances in which subsidies are paid, writes Bruce Felmingham

RUMOURS have circulated for years about the future of Rio Tinto's Bell Bay
aluminium smelter and invariably the speculation about its future is
pessimistic.

Fears were elevated when Rio Tinto created Pacific Aluminium to review six of
Rio's plant operations in Australia and New Zealand.

Commentators pointed to the age of the Bell Bay plant and to the costs involved
in upgrading it as reasons for closing Bell Bay.

Aluminium producers across the South-East Asian region and Australasia will not
survive the double whammy market effects of a 40 per cent reduction in aluminium
prices and the high Australian dollar.

The commentariat completely misjudged the long-term profitability of the Bell
Bay plant and with a little help from state government agencies a new power
contract was finalised.

The Premier described this new contract as having more flexibility in the way in
which power charges are levied on the Bell Bay operation.

Both government and Pacific Aluminium were forced to defend the contract against
the claim that its clauses about prices and charges included a subsidy paid to
the industry by Tasmanian households and small businesses.

The contract is commercial in confidence, which means its precise details will
never be revealed.

Does that not suggest we are entering territory we have visited in the past? Our
history of power contracts is littered with arcane, political argument about the
presence of power subsidies in energy contracts which were never resolved.

No expert in this field denies that the formation of Comalco in 1955 was
facilitated by substantial power charge subsidies in fact most, if not all, of
our manufacturing sector benefited from subsidies or they would never have
established their factories in Tasmania.

However, we were to lose our cheap power advantages about 1991 and most states
were able to compete with hydroelectricity prices.

They were also able to find additional sources of power like natural gas, giving
them the option of offering investors a cocktail of power options at a much
lower cost.

No doubt some potential industry opportunities were lost to this island because
other states were able to offer cheaper power.

Our comparative advantage in energy had reversed by the mid-'90s. If power
subsidies survived this reversal of our energy fortunes then they would have
faced an even more significant challenge with the advent of the national energy
market [NEM] and all of its competitive pressures.

The major industry players claim the NEM so circumscribed their bargaining power
in negotiating contracts that a subsidy could not be sustained. The Expert Panel
appointed to inquire into the structure of Tasmania's energy market did not find
any subsidies paid by households or small business to the major industry
players.

The recent Bell Bay experience emphasises that the true debate should not only
be about making subsidies transparent, it should also be about identifying the
market circumstances in which subsidies paid to industry are justified.

Before embarking on this journey we should first address a little bit of
Tasmanianness which threatens to destroy the logic of the argument.

For some reason, probably the debate about subsidies paid to the Tasmanian
forestry industry, the word subsidy is a dirty word . To get around this
emotional approach we should note that nothing happens in manufacturing around
the world unless subsidies are paid, so common is the practice of subsidising
industry particularly during its establishment.

Tasmania, for example, would never have graduated from a rural community to its
wealthiest era of hydro-industrialisation without power subsidies.

So when are industry subsidies justified?

The economics literature offers three situations in which subsidies are
warranted.

First there is the infant industry argument where young new entrant firms can
only survive the initial fierce competition already in the market protecting
their market share.

The problem with prolonged subsidising of infant industries is that infants tend
to not mature in a reasonable time.

Second, there are industries like railways which are confronted with escalating
costs because they operate under conditions of an increasing scale of
production. Neither the infant industry nor increasing returns arguments apply
to Bell Bay.

The third justification relates to a mature industry like Rio Tinto at Bell Bay
which is affected by a sudden shock like the GFC and has nowhere to go except to
allow the market mechanism to do its job and close the plant or to subsidise the
industry while it survives these misfortunes.

The Government has approached this issue in the right manner and the rewards are
transparent: 550 jobs and 1500 (if you take into account multiplier effects)
have been saved through to 2025 and the company will return $800 million in
value added to the island's total income.

Bruce Felmingham is principal consultant with IMC-LINK.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Iran to implement second phase of subsidy reform plan by April 2014

BYLINE: Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words


Feb. 19--The Iranian administration has decided to implement the second phase of
the subsidy reform plan by April 2014, head of the Parliamentary Commission for
Support of Production, Hamid Reza Fouladgar said, Iranian IRIB news agency
reported on Feb. 19.

Iranian parliament permitted the government to implement the plan during the
next Iranian calendar year (will start on March 21), he said.

The subsidy reform plan pays 455,000 rials (about $18 based on the U.S. dollar
official exchange rate of 24,800 rials) to Iranians, eliminating subsidies for
fuels and some commodities.

Vice President for Executive Affairs Mohammad Shariatmadari will be in charge of
carrying out the second phase of the subsidy reform plan.

The Iranian Mehr News Agency reported on Jan. 28 that the Iranian administration
has once again asked rich families to voluntarily give up receiving cash
subsidies.

Mohsen Bahrami Arzi, an advisor to the vice president for executive affairs,
said on Jan. 28 that the government expects about 30 percent of Iranian families
to give up receiving cash subsidies.

Head of Parliamentary Economic Committee Gholamreza Mesbahi Moqaddam has said
the subsidy reform plan put into place by the administration of former president
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has created $13 billion more in liquidity than was
anticipated.

MP Ahmad Tavakkoli has criticized the current method of cash subsidy payments,
saying that paying subsidies in cash to people is carried out just in Iran.
Paying cash subsidies to all groups of people with different incomes should be
revised given that the administration is facing a budget deficit.

___ (c)2014 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140219-1AZ-Iran-to-implement-second-phase-of-subsidy
-reform-plan-by-April-2014-0219-20140219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2014


                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Govt likely to retain power subsidy at Rs 118b in next fiscal year

LENGTH: 384  words


The government is likely to retain the power sector subsidy for the next fiscal
year at the current fiscal level of Rs 118 billion, out of which Rs 98 billion
will be earmarked for the consumers of the state-owned distribution companies
while Rs 20 billion will be kept for K-Electric consumers.An official source
told Pakistan Today that the planned targeted subsidies will be shared with the
IMF team during the ongoing talks in Dubai The power sector subsidy will be
retained at the current year level as the government avoided lowering the target
as it could be difficult to achieve in case of sudden increase in oil prices, he
added.

During the first nine months of the current fiscal year, the government has
remained within in the allocated subsidy limit. This has been made possible due
to disapproval of passing on the benefit of reduction in fuel price adjustment
to the consumers using less than 300 units per month.

The government is likely to maintain the same practice next fiscal year, the
source said.In the budget estimates of FY 2014-15 subsidies were Rs 203.

2 billion. In revised estimates of FY 2014-15 they increased to Rs 243.

2 billion due to increase in subsidy for tariff differential. In budget for FY
2015-16, the allocation for subsidies to PEPCO forms the major component, which
is 71.

2 percent of the total allocation followed by subsidy to KESC with share of 14.5
percent.

A total estimate of subsidies for budget 2015-16 is 05 percent of GDP. "We will
maintain it at the same level next year," the source said.

The government has kept Rs 60 billion in inter-DISCO tariff differential subsidy
. This subsidy arises as the government maintains a uniform electricity tariff
for the country.

The power sector regulator NEPRA determines differential tariff for the DISCOs.
The tariff differential subsidy is likely to remain in the same range even
though the government is yet to notify the power tariff for the current
financial yearThe source said the subsidy amount will further decline if NEPRA
agrees with the government proposal of enhancing the limit of the line losses of
DISCOs.

The government is seeking an enhancement limit ranging between three to five
percent to bring these companies out of red. This will also allow profitable
disposing off of the state owned entities.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday

Iranian official: No shortage in cash subsidies budget

BYLINE: F.Milad, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Dec. 06--There is no shortage in the budget in terms of paying subsidies. Cash
handouts will be continued by the end of the year, the deputy Iranian economy
minister said.

Mohammad-Reza Farzin added that the government has issued a report in the first
nine months on paying cash subsidies, the Fars news agency reported.

If the government does not change prices based on a subsidy reform plan, it will
face a $54 billion budget deficit, he noted.

Iran paid its citizens the tenth installment of its cash subsidies program on
Monday.

Subsidy payments for the Iranian month of Azar (December/January) were paid on
14 Azar with no change in the amount, the head of the Targeted Subsidies
Organization, Behrooz Moradi said, according to Mehr.

Iran's Target subsidies programme has paid out nearly $8 billion more in
subsidies than it has earned, Fars news cited a member of the parliament's
planning and budget commission Moussa Al-reza Servati as saying.

The targeted subsidies programme has paid out more than $25 billion (about 250
trillion rials), on a budget of about $18 billion (180 trillion rials). The $8
billion difference has been borrowed from Iran's Central Bank and must be repaid
to the treasury by increasing prices for energy carriers.

Iran's parliament reported earlier that President Ahmadinejad's government faces
a $15.6 billion deficit to pay its citizens, the Iranian daily Shahrgh reported.

The Iranian government pays each citizen $45 a month as a compensation for a
part of its commodities and energy subsides which were cut in December 2010.

The special parliamentary commission for economic reform reported the government
faces nearly a $16 billion deficit from its budget in the current solar year
(started on March 20, 2011) to pay out this cash. The commission believes the
government has already used oil revenues

illegally to pay for the removed subsidies.

Head of the Supreme Audit Court Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli said earlier that the
Iranian government has transferred $15 billion into citizens' bank accounts in
order to keep up with the 'removing subsidies' plan.

"The government borrowed $5 billion from the Central Bank of Iran, while $5
billion was allotted out of the public budget and $3 billion from oil revenues
to pay off removing subsidies," Rahmani Fazli added.

The Iranian government is expected to save $54 billion by removing subsides this
solar year. Eighty per cent of this sum will be transferred to citizens' bank
accounts to compensate for subsidy removals, and twenty per cent should be
assigned to industry and the construction sectors.

Do you have any feedback? Contact our journalist at agency@trend.az

___ (c)2011 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111206-1AZ-Iranian-official-No-shortage-in-cash-subsidies
-budget-1206-20111206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                                 Copyright 2011


                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

'Petrol Subsidy Gulped N561 Billion in 2010'

BYLINE: Hamisu Muhammad

LENGTH: 492  words


Petrol subsidy gulped over half a trillion naira in the year 2010, according to
figures released by the petroleum pricing regulatory body.

The Petroleum Product Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA) in its publication, the
Downstream Monitor, said a total of 8.866 million metric tonnes of Premium Motor
Spirit (PMS) were supplied for the period under review.

It said N216.663 billion was paid to marketers as petroleum subsidy claims as at
October, 2010. The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) claimed a
subsidy of N235.220 billion between January and August, 2010, making a total sum
of N451.883 billion as at October, 2010.

Although the total amount of petroleum subsidy between the month of November and
December was not contained in the publication, the figures put an average
subsidy for the month of November and December per litre at N48.3 billion and
N56.95 billion respectively.

The Nigerian Labour Congress (NLC) and Federal Government have locked horns on
the proposed petroleum subsidy removal with the NLC saying the removal would
further worsen the economic power of ordinary citizens to have access to the
product.

The subsidy for the last two months based on an estimated consumption of 35
million litres per day when put together was about N110 billion, Daily Trust
gathered.

The agency attributed the high cost of subsidy to the widening gap between the
PMS expected pump price and the regulated pump price which had the highest
average subsidy per litre in 2010 to 56.95/litre.

The NNPC and other marketers supplied about 4.983 and 3.883 million metric
tonnes respectively between January and November, 2010. This implied that NNPC
and other Marketers had a PMS market shares of about 56 percent and 44 percent
respectively.

The report said that introduction of the Sovereign Debt Instrument (SDI) into
the subsidy scheme in 2010 facilitated the payment of marketers' claims in
record time, eliminating the usual delays in the payment of subsidy claims on
products supplied and encouraging seamless products supply into the system.

According to the Agency, participating marketers are now being paid within 45
days of submitting required imports documents to the PPPRA.

The report said: "There have however been questions from different quarters, on
the legitimacy or appropriateness of government product subsidy.

"The fact remains that products price deregulation, which implies subsidy
elimination offers betters and weightier benefits on the national economic
development. However, the general global practice is that government provides
some forms of incentives to protect or improve its national economy. The
approach to providing these incentives is what should take the centre stage."

Analysis of 2010 by the agency showed that the year began with consumers
reluctantly swallowing the bitter pill of fuel scarcity due to low participation
of other marketers in product sourcing as a result of crisis within the
financial sector.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 1, 2003 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Nations Fail to Agree on Farm Subsidies

BYLINE:  By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 939 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 31


Negotiators failed today to meet their deadline for figuring out how wealthy
nations can reduce their huge agriculture subsidies, the issue at the heart of a
current round of negotiations at the World Trade Organization.

The poorer nations were promised that this round of trade talks, named after
Doha in Qatar, where they began in November 2001, would especially benefit them
and require the first major reductions in what amounts to $300 billion a year in
subsidies paid by the world's richest nations to their farmers.

The developing nations have said that if these subsidies are not scaled back,
then the entire round of talks would be in doubt. That would jeopardize the
opening of markets favored by the wealthy nations, especially in services like
banking, telecommunications and information technology.

Supachai Panitchpakdi, the director general of the W.T.O., issued a statement
today saying it was a "great disappointment" that the negotiators had missed
today's deadline on agriculture, but he said he thought trade officials were
committed to finding a compromise.

There is little disagreement that these subsidies are among the biggest trade
barriers for poor nations. They are blamed for depressing world grain and fiber
prices, for leading to the dumping of excess grain in wealthy nations and for
undercutting farmers in developing nations. Because agriculture is often the one
route out of poverty for some nations, the subsidies are seen as a chief reason
for the growing disparity between the haves and the have-nots.

In dispute is how the two biggest providers of subsidies -- Europe and the
United States -- will cut back the payments. If they can agree, then Japan,
Korea and Switzerland are expected to follow.

Robert B. Zoellick, the United States trade representative, said today that he
was disappointed in the deadlock but played down suggestions that this was
another example of the widening gap between Washington and Europe during this
time of war.

While noting there was "a lot of sensitivity" about trans-Atlantic relations,
Mr. Zoellick said he was working very hard with his counterpart, Pascal Lamy,
the European Union's trade commissioner. Mr. Zoellick praised the European
Commission proposals to overhaul the community's agriculture.

"All of us face political difficulties in these negotiations," said Mr.
Zoellick, referring to the missed deadline at the W.T.O. "We need to help one
another work through them, seeking constructive solutions."

The European reaction was less muted. The countries of the European Union --
especially France -- have been criticized for being more attached to farm
subsidies than the United States.

Franz Fischler, the agriculture commissioner for the European Union, said today
that he, too, was disappointed and suggested that the proposal rejected at the
W.T.O. required European farmers to make greater sacrifices than American
farmers.

"If we are to make these substantial reductions to our tariffs and
trade-distorting support, we need, and want, our partners to go down this same
road," Mr. Fischler said.

The European Union subsidizes its farmers in a different fashion, placing a
stronger emphasis on environmental concerns and relying heavily on export
subsidies for their producers.

The United States has almost no export subsidies and has proposed cutting
subsidies to 5 percent of the value of farm production. Yet the 2002 farm bill
signed by the administration drastically raised permanent subsidies. Moreover,
trade negotiators are asking for an end to much of the nonemergency food aid
given by the United States, which they say is a disguised form of dumping.

The final deadline for serious negotiations on agriculture and the other
outstanding issues of this round is this September, when the trade ministers
meet in Cancun, Mexico.

By missing today's deadline, negotiators are compiling a growing backlog of
critical issues.

The W.T.O. failed to meet its December deadline to agree on a trade deal that
would help developing nations fight AIDS, tuberculosis, malaria and other
diseases. But the United States, with the strong approval of the American
pharmaceutical industry, exercised the veto that every nation possesses and
stopped the deal. Negotiators say they fear that a compromise will have to wait
until September.

Even though nations have yet to agree on a formula for reducing farm subsidies
and opening markets for agriculture products, the campaign against subsidies has
been hitting its mark, propelled by human rights groups, the United Nations and
even the World Bank.

President Jacques Chirac of France promised African leaders this month that he
would suspend shipments of subsidized grains to their continent.

But this was seen as a gesture, not a solution, for countries that have been
told to climb out of poverty through trade, not foreign aid. They have then
found that the free trade of food, the one commodity they all produce, is
hampered by subsidies, tariffs and export subsidies for farm products.

Mr. Zoellick is credited with pushing the reform of the trade rules for
agriculture at Doha. Trade negotiators say, however, that they are worried that
the agreement is too vague, promising "substantial reductions in
trade-distorting domestic support" that can lead to many interpretations.

At a news conference today, Mr. Zoellick said these hurdles were not
insurmountable, especially because he considered the chance to reduce subsidies
a "once in a generation opportunity."

"Trade cannot promote the development of countries across Latin America, Africa
and Asia without much freer movement of farm products," he said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 15, 1991 Thursday

Subsidies to Canadian farmers rising   OECD figures show 41 per cent of
agricultural   incomes last year came from government

BYLINE: PETER COOK; GAM

LENGTH: 1063 words


BY PETER COOK
Economics Editor
Even as it talks about reforming agricultural trade in the international
interest, the Mulroney government has raised the level of subsidies it
pays to Canadian farmers.

Last year, according to provisional figures from the Organization for
Economic Co-operation and Development, farmers got 41 per cent of their
income from the government - a figure that is in excess of the 30 per cent
paid out in the United States, but below the European Community's 48 per
cent.

In the murky world of rigged prices, closed markets and export
subsidies, which make up global farm trade, Canada has been trying to
clean up its act or, at least, its image.

At the G7 summit in London last month, Mr. Mulroney made what his
advisers called an "eloquent and tough" plea to his fellow rich-country
leaders to scale down subsidies on the grounds that they penalize poor
countries. As a member of the "free-trading" Cairns Group of food-
exporting nations, Canada has declared that it wants to see the deadlock
over agriculture in the GATT trade talks end and blames the Europeans for
creating it.

However, the new OECD subsidy numbers - based on a measure known as
producer subsidy equivalents or PSEs - show that Canada's free-trade
desires, if granted, might not be so welcome for the government.

Unlike other countries, such as Sweden and New Zealand, Canada has done
nothing to reform its practices or scale back its largesse. So it has
given the agricultural lobby little forewarning of the market upheaval
that may come. Meanwhile, the farmers' stake in subsidies has been growing
like spring beans.

In the early 1980s, government accounted for less than 25 per cent of
the average Canadian farm income. Last year, the figure, at 41 per cent of
income, was $6.5-billion (U.S.) - up from 37 per cent or $5.6-billion in
1989. That was the biggest annual payout since 1987.

High levels of subsidies mean that individually, Canadian farmers are
among the most dependent on government in the world: the Quebec dairy
industry nets the most, followed by the grain sector with its
transportation subsidies.

Separate OECD studies show that the cost to the taxpayer per farm job
in Canada may be $100,000 a year.

According to Gerard Viatte and Carmel Cahill of the Paris-based OECD
Food Directorate, it is the dairy industry that gets most government
support in the wealthier nations.

The OECD draws a distinction between countries that have subsidies in
the same range as Canada, including Austria and the 12 countries of the
European Community, and those that subsidize even more heavily, including
Finland, Japan, Norway and Switzerland.

But it also points to a third group that are, at least, making an
effort to reform and wean farmers from the public purse.

These include Australia and New Zealand, which have cut PSEs to just 5
and 11 per cent, respectively.

And, it includes the United States, which - under its new farm bill -
has cut deficiency payments and taken "a significant step in the direction
of more exposure to market signals," the OECD says. U.S. subsidies are
down to 30 per cent of income from 45 per cent as recently as 1987.

Where governments cut import barriers and export subsidies, they stop
cushioning prices. This leaves farmers in the freer-trading countries
exposed to more financial risk when commodity prices fall. It is when
prices are falling that farmers harvest a greater share of subsidies.

In Australia, Prime Minister Bob Hawke has found himself having to
placate wheat farmers who say Washington and Brussels, with their
competing export subsidy programs, make it impossible for them to sell
wheat in traditional markets in Asia and the Middle East.

In a statement last week, Mr. Hawke said it was not the United States'
fault, despite a recent heavily subsidized export deal; Washington was
merely reacting to the "indiscriminate" use of export subsidies by the
European Community.

The Canadian view is that there is no need for unilateral disarmament.
Other nation's subsidies justify those put in place by the Mulroney
government.

Canada also takes the self-interested view that those products it
protects through managing their supply and fixing prices, such as dairy
products, poultry, turkey and eggs, should stay protected while Canada's
exports of beef, grain and pork should enjoy more open markets.

This, combined with a strategy of simply waiting for an agreement in
the GATT and otherwise keeping subsidies in place, is a "reasonable
negotiating position given the intransigence of everyone else on this
issue," says a senior trade official in Ottawa.

However, the political problem posed by the subsidy issue and the talks
under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade are a real and
unavoidable one for the future.

Sharon Nuskey, an economist with the Conference Board in New York,
lists Canada as a beneficiary in the $100-billion of global export markets
that would come about if world farm trade were freed up; other
beneficiaries, she says, in a study released this week, would be the
United States, Argentina, Australia, New Zealand and a number of Third
World nations, particularly sugar and peanut producers.

But others question whether Canada is, in the aggregate, an efficient
farm producer at all.

Some OECD studies have suggested that Canada subsidizes its dairy
products and grain sector so heavily that it would emerge a loser under
free trade. Farm output might fall by as much as 17 per cent if subsidies
were done away with entirely, according to an estimate.

Any phaseout of barriers and subsidies would be gradual at the
insistence of the Europeans, whose small farmers would suffer most.
However, there would be a lot of political pressure and resistance from
farmers in all countries where subsidies make up a big part of total
income.

At the moment, the Europeans are proceeding toward a partial reform of
their Common Agricultural Policy - which consumes the major share of the
community's budget - but there is likely to be no actual deal between the
12 member nations soon. The reforms would substitute direct income support
for price and export subsidies.

Until the Europeans are closer to resolving their differences, progress
in the GATT talks remains on hold. However, there is likely to be some
movement toward an agreement in the next few months after G7 leaders
pledged at the London summit that they would intervene personally to
ensure a successful end to the trade talks this year.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 3, 2015 Thursday

Childcare subsidies to working parents drop 11 percent

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 693 words


The number of working parents receiving childcare subsidies has dropped by 4300
in the past five years, despite more parents going back to work.

The decline appears to be mainly due to a Government decision during the global
financial crisis to cut the income limits for the subsidy from September 2010,
and to freeze them since then at $1400 a week for parents with one child in
childcare, $1600 with two children and $1800 with three or more children.

Early Childhood Council chief executive Peter Reynolds said it also reflected
Work and Income offices failing to publicise the subsidy.

"The numbers have always been completely low compared with the segment of the
population you would think are eligible to receive it," he said.

He said some early childhood centres gave parents application forms for the
subsidy, but others didn"t.

"Some Work and Income offices frown on it because the handing over of an
application form, some Work and Income staff believe that should be part of a
conversation between a case manager and a parent," he said.

Statistics provided by Social Development Minister Anne Tolley in response to a
written question from Labour MP Carmel Sepuloni show that numbers receiving the
subsidy peaked in June 2010 at 52,576, or 28 per cent of all early childhood
education (ECE) enrolments in that year.

Numbers have dropped in every year since then to 46,361, or 23 per cent of
enrolments, in June this year.

Subsidies going to beneficiary families have dropped by 13 per cent from 14,841
to 12,926, reflecting declining numbers on benefits as the job market has
recovered from the financial crisis.

But Ms Sepuloni said it was unexpected that subsidies going to working families
had also dropped, by 11 per cent from 37,735 to 33,435, despite the growing
numbers of working parents.

"If more people are going to work, we should see some kind of increase in the
number of people not on benefits receiving childcare subsidies," she said.

She said the amounts budgeted for the subsidy were underspent in each of the
past three years, apparently to make cost savings.

"We know that at an operational level Work and Income are making it as hard as
possible for parents to access their childcare subsidy entitlement," she said.

"One of my own staff, for example, was given incorrect advice whereby she was
told that the reason she wasn"t eligible was because the centre her daughter
attended offered 20 hours ECE, even though she was attending that centre for 32
hours a week so should have been eligible for the childcare subsidy for the 12
hours above and beyond the 20 hours free."

However Mrs Tolley said there had been no increase in the proportion of
applications for the subsidy that were turned down, which has been consistently
9 to 10 per cent each year since 2009-10.

"We are well aware that this type of support is important to families, which is
why Work and Income promotes it across the country, and why the Government
announced in Budget 2015 that the childcare assistance rate will increase from
$4 to $5 an hour for low-income families in 2016," she said.

Total spending on the subsidy increased dramatically a decade ago under the
former Labour Government"s Working for Families policy, which raised both
subsidy rates and the income limits.

The income threshold for a family with two children jumped from $1130 a week in
April 2006 to $1600 from April 2007, when it was estimated that 60 per cent of
couples with children would be eligible to receive the subsidy.

The income limit for a two-child family was raised further in line with
inflation to $1698 by April 2009, but was cut back to $1600 in September 2010.

Spending on the subsidy rose from $58 million in 2003-04 to a peak of $190
million in 2010-11, but has declined slowly since then to $184 million in the
year to June this year.

It is forecast to rise again to $193 million in the year to next June, and to
$230 million by 2018-19, because of this year"s Budget decision to raise the
subsidy rate from $4 to $5 an hour for families earning below $800 a week.

&bull; Apply for the subsidy online at:
http://www.workandincome.govt.nz/individuals/a-z-benefits/childcare-subsidy.html

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                  May 13, 2015

Buhari - Is It Time to Stop Fuel Subsidy? [opinion]

BYLINE: Edegbe Odemwingie

LENGTH: 965 words


President-elect, Gen. Muhammadu Buhari has not made clear his plans on fuel
subsidy. For economic reasons, monitors have questioned the practicality of
retaining the tainted subsidy regime beyond the May 29 handover date. EDEGBE
ODEMWINGIE writes with Agency reports.

Past governments have tried to remove the fuel subsidy but have backed down in
the face of widespread public protests, and reduced it instead. There were
protests nationwide when President Goodluck Jonathan's administration attempted
to remove fuel subsidy in 2012.

Fuel shortages are set to worsen in Nigeria as international traders and local
marketers back away from imports over fears that the new government will halt
costly subsidy payments, international news agency, Reuters reported on May 9,
2015.

The report titled: "Nigeria subsidy fears threaten worse fuel shortage" sheds
light on Nigeria's protracted fuel scarcities traced largely to running out
domestic reserves and a payment battle between independent retailers and the
government.

The steep drop in world oil prices would have cushioned consumers from any
withdrawal of subsidies, but petrol prices would still jump by roughly 30 per
cent if the current capped price of 87 naira per litre is allowed to move closer
to the 115 it would cost without the government support.

Additionally, as subsidies cover the difference between the capped price and the
cost to buy the fuel on the international market, marketers worry Nigeria could
end the payments without letting capped prices rise, leaving them to shoulder
the potentially sizeable price difference.

Tuesday, May 5, 2015, the House of Representatives rejected a motion seeking the
removal of the tainted fuel subsidy regime by the incoming Gen. Muhammadu Buhari
administration.

The motion entitled: "The recurring crisis of fuel subsidy", was sponsored by
Hon. Sunday Karimi (Kogi/PDP) .

Karimi called for a "permanent solution" to the lingering nationwide fuel
scarcities while urging the Buhari administration to "muster the necessary
political will" to end the fuel subsidy regime.

"As we speak, PMS sells in most places at the rate of 120 and 150 naira
depending on where it is available which is against the official pump price of
N87." Karimi stated while leading debates.

Speaking in support of the fuel subsidy regime removal, Deputy House Leader,
Hon. Leo Ogor said the regime has become a drain on the country's economy. He
urged that government redirect fuel subsidy votes to other priority areas.

Ogor (Delta/PDP): "How long will we continue to spend money we don't have. How
long will we allow oil marketers hold us to ransom. When will our refineries
work? The money that we spend on fuel subsidy can be channeled to other crucial
areas."

Speaking in opposition to motion, Hon. Osai Nicolas Osai (Delta/PDP) said the
motion's timing was wrong and belated as the outstanding subsidy payment causing
the fuel scarcities had been dealt with last Monday at a meeting between the
country's finance minister and oil marketers.

"I disagree with this motion, because it is coming very late and standing on a
very weak premise. The issue involved has to do with subsidy payment.

"The minister of Finance and marketers were in a meeting which ended yesterday
(Monday) and that matter has been resolved. So the House would be wasting
resources and energy in trying to dabble into this matter." Osai said.

When the motion was put to a voice vote by the presiding Deputy Speaker, Emeka
Ihedioha, federal lawmakers rejected the motion.

A total of N145 billion subsidy component were embedded in the 2015 Budget which
the House passed on Thursday, April 23, 2015. These were made up of N100 billion
for subsidy on Premium Motor Spirit (PMS) popularly known as petrol, and
N45billion for kerosene .

Nigeria relies on oil exports for 80 percent of its revenue and has already
burned through half of its borrowing allowance this year.

It could follow Angola and Indonesia in cutting expensive subsidies, but with
crude prices now edging back up after last year's slump, the most ideal moment
may well have passed.

"The time to cut was January/February, when oil prices were so low," said
Stanislas Drochon, director of Africa oil and gas with IHS. "That was really a
missed opportunity, but it's not too late."

Nigeria is Africa's biggest oil producer exporting around two million barrels
per day of crude, but imports refined petrol. Inadequate refineries, years of
mismanagement and corruption has made Nigeria almost wholly reliant on imports
for the 40 million litres per day of petrol it consumes.

The effort is expensive, accounting for an average of 2.5 per cent its gross
domestic product from 2006-2012, according to the IMF. The government set aside
914 billion naira ($4.6 billion) for it in 2014.

Critics say the subsidies are not only inefficient but open to abuse by corrupt
operators.

In 2012, the House of Representatives debated a report which revealed that $6
billion has been defrauded from the fuel subsidy fund in two years.

The 205-page parliamentary report uncovered a long list of alleged wrongdoings
involving oil retailers and the NNPC. According to the report, a total of 15
fuel importers collected more than $300 million two years ago without importing
any fuel, while more than 100 oil marketers collected the same amount of money
on several occasions.

Imports that have arrived so far this year total at least 300 billion naira,
according to pan-African lender Ecobank, a bill that would come due after
Buhari's May 29 inauguration.

Buhari has not made clear his plans for subsidies, which are paid by the
Petroleum Products Pricing Regulatory Agency (PPPRA). Nigerian banks are already
scrambling to limit their exposure to the oil industry at large following the
precipitous decline in crude prices.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 24, 2011 Monday

EDITORIAL: Honesty in farm subsidies

BYLINE: The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 427 words


Jan. 24--The timing might be ripe for scaling back agriculture subsidies in the
next Farm Bill.

The call to slash the federal budget is part of it, but at the same time farmers
are enjoying both good crop yields and good commodity prices. The average
percentage of net farm income from federal conservation and commodity payments
has fallen to less than 20 percent in the last three years, compared to 36
percent in the immediately preceding years. And the Farm Bill is up for
reauthorization in 2012.

While our natural inclination, living in the breadbasket of the nation, is to
continue to support our farmers with subsidies, analyzing this topic requires an
honest evaluation of what subsidies accomplish.

No. 1 is dispelling the myth that subsidies are meant to save family farms and
preserve rural communities. Not so. Because subsidies are scaled to benefit
large farm operations the most, they encourage consolidation and mass
production. Quite the opposite of preserving some idyllic rural heritage,
subsidies probably have contributed to the demise of Kansas' small rural towns
by moving agriculture to large scale and in the process stripping away jobs from
the economies of these communities.

Some politicians now at least are honest in acknowledging that subsidies aren't
about saving the family farmer but rather about making food cheaper.

We all would prefer to keep prices down in the grocery stores, and maybe Kansas
farm subsidies have kept the price down on a loaf of bread and on meat products.
Most of our agriculture is grains, and much of it goes into animal feed.

The newest debate is about the price of fresh fruits and vegetables, especially
in comparison to processed foods. Maybe what the federal government should be
subsidizing more are fruit and vegetable growers.

Or maybe we shouldn't be subsidizing at all and instead allow the free
enterprise system to govern the markets.

Crop insurance programs that protect farmers from financial distress because of
hail or drought, and conservation programs that protect land and water
resources, make some sense. But direct cash payments to farmers deserve some
real soul-searching and honest reconsideration.

By John D. Montgomery/Hutchinson News Editorial Board

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110124-VZ-EDITORIAL-Honesty-in-farm-subsidies-0124-20110124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Hutchinson News


                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                               hyderabad Edition

No more LPG subsidy if you earn above Rs 10 lakh a year

SECTION: THE TIMES OF INDIA

LENGTH: 503 words


There will be no subsidy for cooking gas cylinders if either the registered
consumer, or his/her spouse have an annual taxable income of more than Rs 10
lakh, the oil ministry announced on Monday .

The cap will come into effect from next month. To begin with, the new criteria
will be applied on the basis of self-declaration at the time of booking a refill
in keeping with the "government's approach of

trusting citizens".

The reasoning draws from the success of PM Narendra Modi's 'Give it Up'
campaign, which encourages economically well-off consumers to

voluntarily surrender the LPG subsidy so that clean fuel can be provided to
those who are still dependent on firewood or cow-dung cake for cooking.

Each registered household

is entitled to 12 subsidised cylinders in a year. The ministry's move will
ensure that consumers who come in the 30% income-tax bracket lose their subsidy
, once the criteria are implemented fully by linking the PAN number to the
consumer number.

Though the number of such LPG consumers is not immediately known, the scheme is
expected to free up a substantial chunk of subsidy for the poor. But it is also
expected to raise the hackles of a large number of middle-class voters.

The move indicates the Modi government's resolve to tackle head-on the issue of
kitchen subsidy , long a holy cow of Indian politics.

Governments have toyed with various ideas to tackle LPG subsidy but have
floundered under political pulls and pressures. The Modi government's move to
end the subsidy for all those earning above Rs 10 lakh marks the first time that
a concrete step has been taken.

The United Front gov

ernment in 1997 unveiled a comprehensive oil reforms package with timelines for
deregulating fuel prices and removing subsidies. Carrying forward that decision,
the ministry under Ram Naik during the NDA-I rule decided in 2002 to first
freeze -and then gradually phase out -LPG subsidy by raising rates in small
measures.But this plan was dumped as polls neared and oil prices spiked.

During the UPA-II regime, the ministry under S Jaipal Reddy proposed to deny the
benefit to the economically well-off as part of an overall plan to prune LPG
subsidy , first reported by TOI on July 9, 2011. Broadly , households with a
car, house or two-wheelers were to have lost subsidy . But the plan did not move
beyond the drawing board due to opposition in the Congress and from its allies.

As TOI had first reported on November 7, oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan had
last month given an indication that the government was looking at stripping the
rich of subsidy with the aim of ensuring more responsible use of public money .

"I humbly submit that the time has come for the government, the finance ministry
can determine, that people in a particular income bracket should not be given
the subsidy... The question as to who should get subsidy should be debated.
Subsidy should not be given to people in a particular income bracket," Pradhan
had told the finance ministry's Delhi Economics Conclave on November 6.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            April 11, 2012 Wednesday

Samurdhi subsidies increased

LENGTH: 345 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, April 11 -- The Samurdhi subsidies provided by the government to low
income families around the country have been increased from April 1.

The minimum subsidy of the Samurdhi beneficiaries has been increased by 33
percent and samurdhi subsidies are to be directly remitted to the bank accounts
of the beneficiaries from this month.

The government has adopted a novel method of granting Samurdhi subsidies under
three categories, instead of the cumbersome process followed by the Samurdhi
Authority earlier.

Economic Development Minister Basil Rajapaksa beneficiaries in the Killinochchi,
Mullativu and several Divisional Secretariat Divisions in the Vavuniya and
Trincomalee and Jaffna districts where the Samurdhi programme had not been
implemented due to the conflict will receive subsidies from this year. He said
that the Samurdhi beneficiaries who received a subsidy ranging from Rs. 250 to
Rs. 615 will receive Rs. 750 while the subsidy of Rs. 900 has also been
increased to Rs. 1200.

"The subsidy of Rs 1,500 will remain unchanged" , he said. He said that the
subsidies were issued to the beneficiaries in coupon form based on the number of
members in the beneficiary families.

The Minister said the new system will allow the beneficiaries to use the money
given as a subsidy as they wish and no outsider can take the money as it is
directly remitted to the beneficiaries' bank accounts.

The Minister said the new method of remitting the subsidy to Samurdhi
beneficiaries accounts will prevent the deployment of a large number of
officials to deliver coupons to 330 Divisional Secretariats annually.

Minister Rajapaska said that the government has made an allocation of Rs. 42,648
million for the provision of subsidies to over 1.5 million Samurdhi
beneficiaries around the country, including North and East.

The Economic Development Minister said that the Ministry will conduct a full
scale survey on the Samurdhi beneficiaries islandwide after the report of the
population census is released. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily News Sri Lanka.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday

Deregulation, Pricing and Subsidy - An Analyst's Perspective [analysis]

BYLINE: Clara Nwachukwu

LENGTH: 1012 words


TO say that deregulation of the downstream petroleum sector is the rave of the
moment in Nigeria will be an understatement, as analysts continue to argue back
and forth on the merits and demerits of the policy.

But in spite of these arguments, there is a general consensus that in view of
current economic realities the subsidy regime is not sustainable, and something
needs to be done.

In the light of this, a market analyst, Mr Toju Aminaghan, urged the Federal
Government to put in place some palliatives that will "cushion the effect of
petroleum prices increases."

This is not the first time the issue of palliatives is being suggested as a
buffer for deregulation. Indeed, the contentious subsidy regime being enjoyed by
Nigerians is a fallout suggested palliatives.

In October 2004, the then President Olusegun Obasanjo, established the
Independent Coordinating Committee on measures for cushioning the effect of the
increase of petroleum products prices sequel to the fuel price hike of September
2004.

The Senator Ibrahim Mantu-led committee, subsequently referred as the Mantu
Palliative Committee, had recommended, and a host of others, for the
"establishment of a modulator mechanism to stabilise domestic prices of
petroleum products and mitigate the impact of upward movement in crude prices on
the domestic products market."

Accordingly, government established the Petroleum Support Fund, PSF or fuel
subsidy, in January 2006, with a take-off vote of N150billion, "to stabilise the
domestic prices of petroleum products against volatility in international crude
and products prices."

Many other analysts have equally called for similar palliatives, this time
around to cushion the effect of the removal of the subsidy.

Specifically, Aminaghan, who is a specialist in Energy Economics and currently
the Pricing Analyst, Downstream at MRS Oil Nigeria Plc, also called for
judicious use of the savings from subsidy removal "to develop other sectors of
the economy such as education and health."

The market analyst in his book titled: Deregulation of the Downstream Petroleum
Sector in Nigeria: A Critical Analysis of Petroleum Product Prices and Subsidies
, made a series of suggestions on the way forward, even as he identified a
plethora of challenges currently confronting subsidy removal.

The book, published in Germany by VDM Verlag Dr. Muller, assessed the issue of
subsidy in different countries of the world, particularly the developing
countries, and compared notes on administration of the policy with the Nigerian
situation.

According to the author, the objective of the book "was to investigate the
impact of petroleum subsidies on real per capita Gross Domestic Product, GDP,
and identify a framework for an appropriate path for petroleum subsidies in
Nigeria."

Given the fact that per capita real GDP decreases when pump prices increase, the
author opined that "subsidies should be phased out or re-designed so as to
improve social and living conditions of the Nigerian people."

He also noted that contrary to intensions, the benefits of the subsidy regime
are lost on the majority poor, and benefits the rich more because they consume
the largest proportion of the petroleum products through their ownership of
strings of vehicles, generating sets and a host of other machinery.

As a result, he called for alternative measures such as investing in programmes
that will "enhance economic growth and development so as to lower petroleum
prices and increase consumer and producer surplus."

The 86-page book divided into five chapters and accompanies with bibliography
and appendices, quoted copiously from other authors and analysts both locally
and internationally to underscore his arguments that freezing subsidies would
fast track rapid economic development, while also controlling the incidence of
smuggling across the West African borders and align local pump prices to
intentional market rates.

The first chapter or the introduction broke with the arguments in favour of
deregulation, aimed at not only breaking the monopoly of the Nigerian National
Petroleum Corporation, NNPC, but also instituting a healthy completion by
allowing the market forces of demand and supply to dictate pump prices, as
opposed to price fixing.

The author progressed further into Chapter two, to review the petroleum pricing
policy in Nigeria, noting that prior to the oil boom of the early 1970s, there
was no intervention in pricing by government, but subsequently indulged in price
fixing laced with subsidy undertones.

Thereafter, he highlighted the economic effects of subsidy in Chapter Three, in
which he argued that "petroleum product price subsidies are characterised by
fiscal and social costs that are poorly understood," and stressed the need to
achieve economic efficiency in the policy.

In Chapter Four, Aminaghan undertakes an empirical analysis of subsidy on
economic growth and petroleum products comsumption, saying that, "energy
consumption in Nigeria has been on the increase, this is as a result of the
increasing economic activity brought about by revenue from oil exports and high
population growth, increase in traffic and inadequate supply of electricity."

He also argued that the attendant subsidy regime has distorted the market
structure and led to products under-pricing with attendant effect on refining
capacity and ended with his conclusions and recommendations in Chapter Five.

Before arriving at his conclusions, the author highlighted the critical
challenges facing subsidy removal to include lack of credibility and confidence
in government; uneven distribution of costs; and persistent bottlenecks in
supply and distribution of products and a host of others.

All of these made him to conclude that to make subsidy removal attractive to
Nigerians; government must put in place efficient and effective infrastructure
particularly the public transportation system - affordable mass transit, railway
and marine; improvement in power supply and rural electrification and other
social amenities including primary healthcare and massive road construction.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 19, 1990 Wednesday

Canada fears 'ruthless' U.S. subsidy   Enhanced export progam eating into
overseas grain markets, official says

BYLINE: GLENN CHEATER; CP

LENGTH: 433 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


BY GLENN CHEATER
Canadian Press
  WINNIPEG
 The United States has set its subsidy guns squarely on Canadian grain
markets, and those guns have been blazing fiercely since an embargo on
Iraq knocked a major wheat buyer out of the world market.

The U.S. government has been sharply increasing grain subsidies through
its export enhancement program in recent weeks, said Esmond Jarvis, chief
commissioner of the Canadian Wheat Board.

"It's been climbing day by day," he said yesterday. "It's just
ruthless."

But a spokesman for the U.S. Agricultural Department said her
government is not the villian in the grain subsidy war.

"We're just trying to move our grain," Kelly Shipp said in a interview
from Washington. "Our position has been and remains that we feel that we
must have an export enhancement program to counter the European subsidy
program."

But Mr. Jarvis said the United States has been raising the stakes in
the subsidy slugfest in recent weeks.

Export enhancement subsidy offerings to Algeria, a major Canadian
market for durum wheat, have jumped to more than $43 (U.S.) a tonne in
early September from $28 a tonne in early August, he said.

U.S. wheat is currently selling for about $110 a tonne on the
Minneapolis grain exchange.

The jump is more dramatic for subsidies paid to West African countries.
They soared to $54 a tonne last week from about $16 in late July.

"Those are kind of representative of the dramatic increase in their
export subsidies," Mr. Jarvis said.

Despite the timing of the latest hikes, he said it's difficult to say
how the United Nations embargo on Iraq, imposed in early August, has
affected a market already awash in grain following a year of worldwide
bumper crops.

China and the Soviet Union are the world's largest buyers of wheat, but
Iraq is among a handful of countries, most from Asia or North Africa, that
regularly buy more than two million tonnes annually.

On Monday, federal Grains and Oilseeds Minister Charles Mayer vowed to
fight a recently passed U.S. Senate bill that would formally allow
Washington to use export subsidies to break into Canadian markets.

But Mr. Jarvis said that's already happening.

He said the United States recently squeezed Canadian wheat out of the
Philippines, which used to obtain about one-third of its annual 1.2-
million-tonne wheat order from Canada.

"This year the Americans have done a deal with them where they've tied
up just about the whole market."

He said that shows the United States is not sincere when it says it is
using subsidies against the European Community, which began the billion-
dollar subsidy war in an effort to get rid of surplus grain.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Gift to the World, and Ourselves

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS D. KRISTOF

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: ALTUS, Okla.


Here's a Christmas gift we should give ourselves: a firm commitment to cut farm
subsidies sharply, above all for cotton.

Sure, our subsidies hurt poor African countries. But the biggest problem with
farm subsidies is that they are a cancer on rural America itself. They raise
land prices significantly, which makes it hard for young farmers to get started,
and they arguably undermine the family farm by creating incentives for the
consolidation of agriculture.

That's why those who raise livestock -- who generally don't enjoy subsidies --
often speak derisively of those who ''farm the government.'' Despite the
stereotype that all rural America is on the socialist teat, it's largely the
farmers of specific commodities like cotton, rice and corn who had the political
pull to push a subsidy through Congress.

I came here to cotton country to talk to farmers before writing this column,
because I thought I owed them that much. And I sympathize with them. They are
good, hard-working people who are struggling -- and who are terrified of losing
the price supports that sustain their entire way of life.

Danny Robbins, a fourth-generation cotton farmer here, has already told his
14-year-old son not to take over the family farm as a full-time job.

''I will encourage him to have something to fall on beside his backside,'' Mr.
Robbins said glumly. ''We're a stroke of a pen from going out of business. It's
pretty scary.''

But subsidies are the problem, not the solution. They have kept marginal land in
production, resulting in overproduction and lower prices -- and here in
Oklahoma, subsidies kept people farming cotton when the market tried to switch
them to canola, peanuts, wheat or other crops.

Consider corn. From 2000 through 2004, the average American farmer has, at first
glance, lost money every year planting corn -- up to $128 per acre in losses,
depending on the year. Yet the acreage planted in corn has been increasing. Why?
Partly because U.S. taxpayers more than covered the losses with $25 billion in
subsidies in that period. Without the subsidies, according to a study cited by
Oxfam, U.S. corn production would have been 15 percent lower and world corn
prices 7 percent higher.

I grew up on a farm in Oregon, and my teen years centered on the Future Farmers
of America, the best youth organization in America. But this column isn't a
betrayal -- because subsidies don't strengthen rural America, but sap it.

One of my friends struggled for 25 years to make a living on his small family
farm. But instead of sustaining him through difficult times, subsidies just
mired him there, prolonging the inevitable. A few years ago, he gave up.

The cotton farmers here in Oklahoma raise some valid arguments -- above all, the
need to aid struggling rural communities. But handing out cash to full-time
cotton farmers whose average net worth is around $1 million doesn't help the
most desperate agricultural families -- those in the northern Great Plains. And
I get a farm subsidy of $588 each year, because I own farmland in Oregon that is
in the conservation reserve program; surely there are better ways to help
struggling farm towns than by sending subsidies to New York journalists.

I raised sheep in F.F.A., and my parents still keep a few ewes (you don't sell
old family friends). And almost no industry has suffered more than sheep
ranching, with the numbers of sheep in the United States falling from 56 million
head in 1942 to just 6 million today.

But imagine if we had started a major sheep subsidy to ease the trauma among
sheep ranchers. Today we might have 100 million sheep, a $10 billion annual
subsidy, and ranchers would still be struggling. (On the brighter side, maybe I
would be living as a sheep rancher, and my kids would love that.)

At this month's World Trade Organization meeting in Hong Kong, the arguments
against subsidies focused on the harm they do to poor countries by depressing
prices of their exports. Europe is the worst offender, subsidizing each cow to
the tune of $2.20 a day -- more than much of the world lives on. I agree that
one of the most effective ways to help poor countries would be to cut our
subsidies, especially for cotton.

But the biggest reason to reform American agriculture is at home. My heart goes
out to the struggling cotton farmers here in Oklahoma. But the reality is that
the existing system has failed, and it's time to rely on the market.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Rich farmers continue to ride the gravy train

BYLINE: Hardev Kaur

SECTION: ; My notebook; LOCAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 867 words


DEVELOPED nations provide US$1 billion (RM3.8 billion) a day in agriculture
subsidies to their farmers while millions in poor countries try to eke out a
living on less than US$1 a day.

Farmers in poor countries, many of whom operate smallholdings, face competition
from landowners and farmers in developed nations who run large farms and get
government subsidies.

The subsidies and unfair trade practices by the rich condemn the already poor
farmers to poverty and unfair competition, both in the domestic and export
markets. The subsidies, which can take numerous forms, distort world trade,
encourage overproduction and undermine efforts of poor farmers, some of whom
live from hand to mouth.

The world trade negotiations are supposed to correct some of the distortions,
offer the poor hope of a brighter future and economic development. The subsidies
and the European Union's Common Agriculture Policy (CAP), a hangover from the
1950s, which had produced the infamous "mountains of butter and rivers of milk"
continue to shatter their hopes.

Official figures obtained by the Times of London show that among the "poor"
farmers who receive EU agriculture subsidies are some of the wealthiest, the
royalty, politicians and multinational corporations.

Queen Elizabeth, who owns a farm in Norfolk, received at least euro231,550
(RM1.06 million); Prince Charles received an estimated euro130,600 and the Duke
of Westminster, Britain's richest man, received euro259,700 in 2004.

But it is not just British royalty and gentry who benefited. Prince Albert II of
Monaco received euro300,000 in 2003-2004 for his farm in northern France.

The figures show that one does not have to be royalty to benefit from CAP
handouts. The Dutch minister Cees Veerman, whose responsibilities are said to
include agriculture, received euro168,000. But he is not the lone Cabinet
beneficiary of the CAP. Four out of his 18 Cabinet colleagues received money
from the CAP last year.

The biggest beneficiary in France was a rice farmer who received euro866,290 - a
sum which farmers in developing countries can only dream of. There is no way
rice farmers in developing countries such as Vietnam and Cambodia can compete
with him or the royal and politician farmers and landowners who will receive the
handouts till 2013.

Corporations both in Europe and the US also benefited from the subsidies. The
Times' figures revealed that Tate & Lyle, the British company whose turnover is
an annual STG3 billion (RM20 billion) received nearly STG120 million in
subsidies. Other beneficiaries included Arla Foods, a UK company that has a
turnover of STG1.1 billion, which received STG99 million. Also on the list were
the Dutch arm of Mars, the confectionery group, Heineken, the brewer, and Philip
Morris, the US tobacco manufacturer.

Farmers and agribusinesses such as Archer Daniels Midland, ConAgra General Mills
and Cargill, which in the US get 80 per cent of farm subsidies, have tremendous
political clout.

The rich, powerful and politically-influential and well-connected farmers in
developed countries call the shots. The French, the largest beneficiaries of the
farm subsidies who claim a quarter of the EU's euro44 billion farm budget, are
opposed to changes.

West African cotton farmers, who have sought redress from the US$4 billion a
year in subsidies that rich American farmers obtain each year, only received
vague promises. The US is obliged to remove export subsidies on cotton by the
end of next year in compliance with a recent WTO ruling. But that did not stop
them from making the "promise" at the talks in Hong Kongand make it appear as an
"offer".

The rich and developed countries have found ways to give themselves elbow room.

Washington, for example, left itself plenty of room to exclude sensitive
products such as textiles and sugar from its duty-free, quota-free pledge. Japan
will also be able to exclude some items, such as rice or leather.

The removal of the subsidies has been a major issue at world trade negotiations,
including the just concluded ministerial meeting. Even though trade ministers
agreed to eliminate agricultural export subsidies by 2013, the larger and
equally damaging domestic subsidies and tariffs in the US and Europe remain
untouched by the agreement in Hong Kong.

The massive trade distorting agriculture subsidies, which include export
subsidies, domestic support and market access were to have been removed at the
end of the Uruguay Round (1986-1993). More than a decade later the actual amount
of money going to farmers in the rich countries has gone up, not down.

After more than 50 years of multilateral negotiations, under the auspices of
GATT (the WTO's predecessor), which largely helped the rich developed nations,
the Doha Development Round was supposed to put the need of developing countries
at the top of the agenda and boost global trade and economy.

Launched in 2001, the Doha Round is not delivering the results nor the benefits
promised to the poorer nations, which account for two-thirds of WTO's
membership. Instead the rich members are using subsidies as bargaining chips in
the negotiations against the poor and want the gravy train to continue rolling.

Hardev@alumni.KSG.Harvard.edu.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2005 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 4, 2003 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

U.S. Subsidizes Companies to Buy Subsidized Cotton

BYLINE:   By ELIZABETH BECKER

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1052 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 3


Hidden in plain sight, a federal farm subsidy program is paying nearly $1.7
billion to American agribusiness and manufacturers to buy American cotton that
is already one of the most highly subsidized crops in the world, according to
figures compiled by the program's critics.

The plan, which is the equivalent of paying Kellogg's to buy American corn, is
known as the upland cotton marketing certificate program, and was started in
1990 when American cotton was selling at a much higher price than foreign
cotton. Under it, American cotton is, in essence, subsidized twice, with
payments going to companies that buy the cotton from farmers. The farmers
themselves also receive subsidies for growing the cotton. The program is drawing
increased criticism from foreign cotton producers.

A senior agricultural official said that the program was intended to make up
temporarily for the difference between high American prices and world cotton
prices. But, he said, the cotton industry has fought to keep the program in
place because it "hasn't wanted to adjust to the world market; it would be too
painful for them."

Some of the largest recipients of these subsidies over the last seven years
include the Allenberg Cotton Company of Cordova, Tenn., which received $106.9
million; Dunavant Enterprises of Fresno, Calif., and Memphis, which received
$102 million; and Cargill Cotton, also of Cordova, Tenn., $87 million.

These companies declined requests to comment on the subsidies they received.

The Environmental Working Group, a nonprofit research organization that has been
critical of United States farm subsidies, obtained the data on the cotton
program through requests under the Freedom of Information Act and assembled a
database that will be available on its Web site (www.ewg.org) on Tuesday.

Ken Cook, president of the group, said that after reviewing the information
"there is very good reason to think that the U.S. cotton subsidy system is badly
broken."

"The question is, Why do these big corporations need this money?" Mr. Cook said.
The existing subsidies for American cotton farmers -- $10 billion over seven
years -- were partly responsible for the breakdown of global trade talks in
Cancun, Mexico, in September. West African countries, some of the poorest in the
world, made cotton a test case of the World Trade Organization's commitment to
remove barriers to poor nations' ability to trade their agricultural products.
The United States offered, instead, to study cotton and suggested that the
African farmers consider growing other crops.

Those subsidies were criticized for giving American farmers an unfair trade
advantage but there was little discussion about the cotton marketing certificate
program.

Brazil is challenging this and other American cotton subsidies in a case pending
before the World Trade Organization and officials said it would be raised in
talks this week about expanding the North American Free Trade Agreement
throughout the Western Hemisphere. The complaint specifically charges that the
upland cotton program is an unfair trading practice.

Joining Brazil in the W.T.O. case as third parties are Argentina, Australia,
Benin, Canada, Chad, China, the European Communities, India, New Zealand,
Pakistan, Paraguay, Taipei and Venezuela.

Rubens Barboza, the Brazilian ambassador to the United States, said the cotton
subsidies had a "negative effect on our exports to the United States, on third
markets and on the price in international markets."

Richard Mills, spokesman for the United States trade representative, said that
this and other programs complied with current global trade rules.

"For us, this is not about just one commodity," he said. "We have been pushing
for broad agriculture reform, and we wish we had had more support in Cancun."

The Agriculture Department declined to comment on the program.

It is difficult to find many members of Congress who understood the program much
less remembered voting to continue it in the 2002 farm bill.

A senior Congressional aide who helped put together the legislation said that
very few lawmakers who voted for the 2002 farm bill understood most of the
programs, including this subsidy for American manufacturers.

It was considered critical by lawmakers from the cotton states, including Texas,
California and Alabama.

But among those who follow agricultural policy there is a deep divide.

Representative Charles W. Stenholm, a Democrat of Texas and the ranking minority
member on the House Agriculture Committee, represents cotton farmers and is a
strong supporter of the program. These subsidies, he said, allow American cotton
farmers to compete against foreign countries that subsidize their cotton and the
manufacture of synthetic fibers.

"I would be willing to eliminate cotton subsidies tomorrow if all the other
countries would eliminate their subsidies for fibers, but we're not going to
unilaterally disarm our farmers in that world market," Mr. Stenholm said in an
interview.

Senator Charles E. Grassley, Republican of Iowa and chairman of the Senate
Finance Committee, disagreed and said that "cotton interests have successfully
pushed for unlimited and artificial price supports."

"As the public gets familiar with these programs, which don't correspond to
prices for cotton in the world market, you see growing skepticism about whether
or not it's the right thing to do with taxpayer dollars," he said.

A relatively small number of companies receive the vast majority of the money
from this program. Out of 290 exporters, millers and manufacturers, the 10 top
companies received 45 percent of the money, or about $761 million.

They include Parkdale Mills of Gastonia, N.C.; Calcot Ltd. of Bakersfield,
Calif., Avondale Mills of Sylacauga, Ala.; National Textiles of Winston-Salem,
N.C.; Union Underwear of Bowling Green, Ky.; WestPoint Stevens of Atlanta; and
Paul Reinhart of Richardson, Tex.

Even the Texas Department of Criminal Justice's textile mill received $302,905
from the program.

The corporations receiving the money make diverse products including towels and
sheets, clothing, yarn and fabric, according to their Web sites. Their products
are sold in stores in the United States and overseas. Several of the largest
merchants own milling and ginning operations around the world.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 17, 2003



CORRECTION: An article in Business Day on Nov. 4 about federal subsidies for
United States companies that buy subsidized American cotton referred
incompletely to a United States proposal for addressing a West African request
for relief from American and European cotton subsidies. In addition to proposing
a simple study of the cotton issue, the United States offered to consider
reducing government subsidies and removing nontariff and other barriers on
cotton, synthetic fibers, textiles and clothing.

GRAPHIC: Photos: Roger Chastain, president of Mount Vernon Mills in Greenville,
S.C. His company is one that gets subsidies from the federal government. (Photo
by Associated Press); A demonstrator wearing a mask of President Bush protested
in Cancun, Mexico, in September against cotton subsidies. (Photo by Associated
Press)(pg. C2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               December 07, 2015

Options for Ending Our Perennial Fuel Crisis [opinion]

BYLINE: Waziri Adio

LENGTH: 1991 words


Three recent developments have, again, pushed to the fore the lingering fuel
crisis in our country. The first is the return of the fuel queues, which have
become a constant in our lives for the past 22 years. Sometimes, we get some
respite from sleeping in filling stations, paying crazy prices for mostly
adulterated petrol, and putting our lives at risk by creating fuel dumps at
home.

During such respites, government officials with no sense of irony are in the
habit of gleefully announcing the absence of fuel queues as major achievements
of their administrations. But the fuel queues are stubborn: they always return.
And it couldn't have been otherwise.

The second development is that the National Assembly last week approved N575
billion as supplementary budget for 2015. Out of this amount, N522 billion (or
91%) is for outstanding subsidy claims to oil marketers. Once the importers are
paid, the fuel queues will vanish. Until the next time. And there will always be
a next time, if the third development is anything to go by: an exclusive story
in THISDAY of last Friday stated that N1.7 trillion had been incurred on fuel
subsidies to marketers from January 2013 to 30 September 2015, out of which N643
billion is still outstanding. Please note that the figure for the last three
months of 2015 is not included.

But that is not the complete picture. If you throw in the not-so-minor detail
that the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) is responsible for about
50% of fuel supplies and that that almighty corporation was in the habit of
grabbing its own subsidy claims at source, we must have expended at least N3
trillion on fuel subsidies in the last three years. That's roughly an average of
N1 trillion per year, and that's not counting the cost to the economy and the
regular physical/financial hardships we experience whenever the importers decide
to grab us by the neck for their arrears, the interests on the arrears, the
foreign exchange differentials, etc. The physical hardship and the financial
haemorrhage might reduce, but they are not likely to disappear, given our
present economic situation and the policy disposition of the President Muhammadu
Buhari administration. Actually, I think it is safe to assume that the hardship
and the haemorrhage might get worse.

Our lingering fuel crisis is defined by two related problems: unsustainable fuel
subsidies and perennial fuel scarcity. To be sure, these are legacy problems.
This administration didn't create them. But it is not unreasonable to expect
that a government that triumphantly came to power on the platform of change
should prioritise tackling these problems headlong or at least lay out a clear
and realistic roadmap for tackling them. If there is any such roadmap, it is not
yet apparent. And if it is not yet apparent six months down the line, there is a
clear problem.

Let's start with fuel subsidy, the more sensitive of the twin challenges.
President Buhari obviously is not a big fan of subsidy removal. At a meeting
with some senior government officials in July, the president memorably said: "I
have received a lot of literature on the need to remove subsidies, but much of
it has no depth." Part of his reasons: "When you touch the price of petroleum
products," the president said at that same July meeting, "that has effect on
triggering price rises on transportation, food and rent... that's those who earn
salaries but there are many who are jobless and will be affected by it." There
is little to suggest that the president has shifted his position.

It is clear that a major concern for the president is the possible impact of
subsidy removal on the poor. I share this concern. But I am for subsidy removal.
As I have argued earlier on this page, I think fuel subsidies should go not
because of the economic distortions and inefficiencies that subsidies create. I
think fuel subsidy should go because it is a failed policy-not smartly-targeted,
wasteful, captured by those who don't need it, crowding out scarce resources
from areas that will really benefit the poor, riddled with corruption and
unsustainable.

However, I don't think the president's concern for the poor should be lightly
dismissed. Despite the fact that the middle and upper classes benefit more from
fuel subsidies than the poor, it is undeniable that the poor will be
disproportionately impacted with the attendant hike in the costs of food and
transportation, two items that the poor spend a high percentage of their incomes
on. Some people have argued that the president feels beholden to the poor, as he
considers them his strongest and longest supporters. No one should be ashamed of
being pro-poor either for ideological or political reasons, especially given
that most of our citizens can be categorised as poor. I gathered that the
president actually thinks that the major challenge of Nigeria today is how to
move the mass of our people out of poverty. I have also been informed that the
president strongly believes that officially removing fuel subsidy will affect
prices across the board, including prices of things that have absolutely nothing
to do with petroleum products. He also believes that while the rich can absorb
the shock of sharp increase in prices, the poor will be further immiserated.

These are not unreasonable concerns or biases, just that his preferred approach
may not achieve the desired effect and the fear for the poor might be
over-stated. To start with, I do not think we can move people out of poverty by
giving them cheap fuel and by incurring unsustainable expenditure at a time of
serious economic stress. I think the surest way to move people out of poverty is
to empower them by improving their productive capacities and creating jobs. Two,
most Nigerians outside of Abuja and Lagos already buy petrol and kerosene at the
full market price or even higher, especially during the unceasing scarcities.
So, most Nigerians are already absorbing the likely inflationary impact of fuel
subsidy removal, while the government continues to, literally, put fuel and fire
on billons if not trillions in the name of subsidies.

Besides, it has been established that the inflationary effect of subsidy removal
is usually short-term, one-off, and minimal. In 2011, the Central Bank of
Nigeria (CBN) forecasted that removing fuel subsidies would increase inflation
by between 2% and 4%. This forecast may be dated. But the thing to do is to
commission another empirical study which can also disaggregate the likely effect
of subsidy removal on different socio-economic groups. Also, rather than be
fixated on the inflationary impact on the poor, our concern should be how to
mitigate the pains of this necessary reform through well-targeted investments in
education, roads, transportation, health, and other critical areas that will not
only empower the poor but will also improve the productive capacity of the
economy and stimulate growth.

I have also heard that the president is bothered that the present subsidy is
considered bloated and unsustainable because of corruption and bothered with how
deregulation of prices of petrol and kerosene could lead to gouging of customers
by profit-motivated marketers. These are also legitimate concerns. But the best
way to remove corruption is to remove the subsidy that causes the corruption.
Once subsidy is gone, the perverse incentive for collusion and gaming the system
disappears. Besides, I don't think our present economic situation supports the
argument that some element of subsidy might be affordable. No. This is the time
to trim needless fat.

I believe the government plans to expand deficit to finance our budgets in the
next few years. I don't have problems with that. But it makes more sense to
borrow for investments in human and physical infrastructure that will regenerate
our economy than to borrow to pay for subsidy on an item that doesn't even reach
its intended target. The concern about marketers selling products at usurious
prices is not borne out by our experience with deregulation of the price of
diesel. Petrol is in high demand and the more the marketers sell, the more they
make. It is a volume business. The nature of the market will force competitive
pricing. Yes, attempts at forming cartels and charging monopolistic prices
cannot be ruled out, but that is not sustainable especially when the market is
further widened and regulators do their job.

Also, I think the unstated fear about possible political alienation and upheaval
is overstated as most of the people that used to be pro-subsidy are now the ones
calling for its removal. For once since the more than three-decade old quest to
remove fuel subsidies in Nigeria, we have arrived at a curious intersection
where the government is now the hesitant party. Post-2012, most Nigerians have
realised that fuel subsidy is a massive scam. Time, I believe, has ripened this
into a reform item that most Nigerians expected the president to take on
immediately he came into office. I may be wrong. But I will encourage the
government to commission a scientific poll into this.

I am convinced that at the end of the day, the president may have no option but
to remove fuel subsidy either because someone will finally convince him or
because our dire financial situation will force his hands. This then leads us to
the options available for fuel subsidy removal. Option one is to remove it
immediately. Two, will be to stagger the removal. And three, will be to set a
realistic deadline for removal, front-load benefits, and mobilise the public
against natural opponents of subsidy removal who have been handed a golden
opportunity to regroup. The space for the first option seems to have been
constrained as such is best done within the president's honeymoon period, which
to all intents and purposes seems to have expired. Option two is akin to
postponing the evil the day and will still be inflationary and be resisted. I
want to think option three is the most viable for now.

There is a way in which the resolution of the subsidy problem will solve the
scarcity problem because marketers don't have reasons to blackmail government
again by constraining supply and because of the presence of enough effective
demand at market-determined prices. But that still leaves us with how to ensure
adequate local refining capacity, which will also reduce prices of petroleum
products because we don't have to be paying for freighting, clearing charges,
demurrage etc. If our four refineries operate at full capacity, they can only
meet about half of our domestic needs. We can boost local supply by fixing the
refineries. But attempting to fix them will amount to throwing good money after
bad. We have been doing Turn Around Maintenance (TAM) for ages. The money we
have spent on TAM over the years could have built many modern refineries and
could have saved us the embarrassment of exporting crude and importing refined
products. TAM is another scam that must stop.

With the removal of fuel subsidies, those with existing licences for refineries
will have the incentives to build. New licences can be given and further
incentives provided, including tax breaks, sovereign guarantees for
concessionary credits etc. Also, there is nothing that says government cannot
build new refineries either alone or in partnership with the private sector with
subsidy savings. Boosting local supply will not only reduce the pressure on our
currency, but it will also create jobs, provide opportunity for diversification
and extra income for the government through taxes and forex. I am convinced that
if we put our minds to it our perennial fuel problems can be addressed within
the next two to three years. Some options have been offered here. They are not
perfect or necessarily painless. No reform option is. I am also sure there are
still many other options that can be considered. But inaction or analysis
paralysis should not be one of them.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Subsidies rise for outdated smartphones

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won The nation's three mobile carriers have expanded
subsidies for the Galaxy Note 3 and some other older Samsung Electronics'
smartphones.

LENGTH: 465 words


SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus cut prices and expanded subsidies for old
smartphones from Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and Pantech at the end of
last year, aiming to reduce their inventories.

Added to previous discounts, the additional subsidies enable customers to buy
handsets, including the Note 3, much more cheaply, the companies said Thursday.

'We have previously introduced strengthened customer benefits during two
promotional events at the end of the year,' said KT mobile business division
vice president Kim Young-ho. 'Now we have decided to raise the subsidy for the
much sought-after Galaxy Note 3 and to cut the price of the Galaxy Alpha.

'We will continue to offer more promotional events including price cuts and
extra subsidies.'

KT said it had increased the subsidy for the Galaxy Note 3 by up to 880,000 won
($808.45) from Thursday, up from 250,000 won.

As the factory price of the Note 3 was 880,000 won, customers can get the
handset for free under a 99,000 won monthly plan, the company said.

KT also said the factory price of the Galaxy Alpha had been cut to 495,000 won,
from 748,000 won.

SK Telecom said Wednesday that it had raised the subsidy for the Galaxy Note 3
to 725,000 won.

Subsidies for the Galaxy S4 and the clamshell-type smartphone Galaxy Golden were
set at 500,000 won and 400,000 won respectively, assuming that customers paid
76,000 won for a two-year monthly plan, the company said.

LG Uplus said on Dec. 24 that it had set the Galaxy Note 3 subsidy at 650,000
won.All three mobile carriers are now offering additional subsidies to some
outdated handsets released more than 15 months ago. Samsung Electronics launched
the Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Golden in September 2013. The Galaxy
S4 was released in April last year.

The Telecom law stipulates that handsets qualify for additional subsidies higher
than 300,000 won after 15 months or more since the models were released.

The Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning and Korea Communications
Commission introduced the law in October to eradicate excessive competition in
the domestic telecom market and prevent possible consumer damage.

The law prohibits telecom companies and handset makers from providing subsidies
higher than 300,000 won to attract customers.

'We cannot provide additional subsidies for handsets that have been on the
market for less than 15 months,' an SK Telecom spokeswoman said. 'Therefore, the
three local telecom companies are obliged to set their respective maximum
subsidies for new handsets considering the legal obligation and market
conditions.

'Although the recent discount benefits were arranged to meet expanded market
demand during Christmas and the year-end holidays, it is possible that customers
can get additional subsidies for handsets in the future.'

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Subsidies rise for outdated smartphones

BYLINE: By Yoon Sung-won The nation's three mobile carriers have expanded
subsidies for the Galaxy Note 3 and some other older Samsung Electronics'
smartphones.

LENGTH: 465 words


SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus cut prices and expanded subsidies for old
smartphones from Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and Pantech at the end of
last year, aiming to reduce their inventories.

Added to previous discounts, the additional subsidies enable customers to buy
handsets, including the Note 3, much more cheaply, the companies said Thursday.

'We have previously introduced strengthened customer benefits during two
promotional events at the end of the year,' said KT mobile business division
vice president Kim Young-ho. 'Now we have decided to raise the subsidy for the
much sought-after Galaxy Note 3 and to cut the price of the Galaxy Alpha.

'We will continue to offer more promotional events including price cuts and
extra subsidies.'

KT said it had increased the subsidy for the Galaxy Note 3 by up to 880,000 won
($808.45) from Thursday, up from 250,000 won.

As the factory price of the Note 3 was 880,000 won, customers can get the
handset for free under a 99,000 won monthly plan, the company said.

KT also said the factory price of the Galaxy Alpha had been cut to 495,000 won,
from 748,000 won.

SK Telecom said Wednesday that it had raised the subsidy for the Galaxy Note 3
to 725,000 won.

Subsidies for the Galaxy S4 and the clamshell-type smartphone Galaxy Golden were
set at 500,000 won and 400,000 won respectively, assuming that customers paid
76,000 won for a two-year monthly plan, the company said.

LG Uplus said on Dec. 24 that it had set the Galaxy Note 3 subsidy at 650,000
won.All three mobile carriers are now offering additional subsidies to some
outdated handsets released more than 15 months ago. Samsung Electronics launched
the Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Golden in September 2013. The Galaxy
S4 was released in April last year.

The Telecom law stipulates that handsets qualify for additional subsidies higher
than 300,000 won after 15 months or more since the models were released.

The Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning and Korea Communications
Commission introduced the law in October to eradicate excessive competition in
the domestic telecom market and prevent possible consumer damage.

The law prohibits telecom companies and handset makers from providing subsidies
higher than 300,000 won to attract customers.

'We cannot provide additional subsidies for handsets that have been on the
market for less than 15 months,' an SK Telecom spokeswoman said. 'Therefore, the
three local telecom companies are obliged to set their respective maximum
subsidies for new handsets considering the legal obligation and market
conditions.

'Although the recent discount benefits were arranged to meet expanded market
demand during Christmas and the year-end holidays, it is possible that customers
can get additional subsidies for handsets in the future.'

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            January 31, 2014 Friday
                                 Mumbai Edition

LPG cap upped to 12,Aadhaar allure down

BYLINE: Sidhartha & Surojit Gupta TNN

SECTION: FRONT PAGE

LENGTH: 553 words


New Delhi: The government on Thursday decided to allow 12 subsidised cooking gas
cylinders to households,removing the annual nine-cylinder cap,besides putting on
hold subsidy payments directly into bank accounts-a move that deals a crippling
blow to the UPA's much-touted Aadhaarbased direct benefit transfer scheme.The
scheme was supposed to be a game-changer for the Congress in the lead-up to the
elections and help the government check leakages from the subsidy
schemes.However,Thursday's cabinet decision prompted by Congress vicepresident
Rahul Gandhi's public demand has virtually put a question mark on the ambitious
subsidy trimming programme.Rajan slams subsidy RBI governor Raghuram Rajan has
criticized the increase in LPG subsidy."One should be careful about expanding
the misdirected subsidies in the system.Only a certain section of people
benefits from the LPG subsidy,but beyond that you are reaching people who can
afford to pay for it.And whose pocket is it coming from? " he said in a TV
interview.P 21 LPG subsidy halt to slash cash benefit scheme by two-thirds New
Delhi: The government's decision on Thursday to halt LPG cylinder subsidy
payments into bank accounts will reduce the size of the direct benefits transfer
scheme by twothirds.The government had made transfers worth Rs 908 crore between
January and October 14,2013,of which close to Rs 615 crore was on account of
cooking gas subsidy,latest published data showed.It also revealed that in terms
of numbers,80% of the transfers during this period were on account of gas
subsidy to households.So far,direct benefit transfer for cooking gas has been
rolled out in close to 300 districts across the country.Although the original
intent was to move the three main subsidies - food,fertilizer and fuel - that
together cost almost Rs 2.5 lakh crore a year and scores of other schemes into
the direct cash transfer mode,the UPA leadership kept trimming the list which
originally had over 50 programmes.Food subsidies were the first to be struck off
the list as the public distribution system is run by state
governments.Fertilizer was excluded as the government said it did not have a
list of beneficiaries since the dole was routed through companies.Even within
fuel subsidy,kerosene was excluded as the government decided to focus on cooking
gas sold in cylinders.On the last count,there were 28 schemes,including cooking
gas subsidy,of which 27 involved an outgo of Rs 294 crore during the first
nine-and-a-half months of its launch.There were at least three schemes where
there were no cash transfers,while nine others saw transfers running into a few
lakhs.Oil ministry officials did not comment on what prompted them to delink
subsidy payments from Aadhaar,but a government official said that there are very
few households that consume more than a dozen cylinders a year.Defending
Aadhaar,a Unique Identification Authority of India official said the ID card
scheme has not been junked and the number assigned to each individual will still
be used to verify the customer base and do away with duplication of gas
connections."It is being used for other purposes such as payment of
scholarships,which remain unaffected.In any case it serves as an identity
proof.It is wrong to assume that it's the end of the road for Aadhaar card," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           November 16, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Farm subsidy cuts not likely;
Conservation, energy also on Democrats' list

BYLINE: KEN FOSKETT; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 742 words


Congressional Democrats are likely to steer more taxpayer money into
conservation programs and farm-based renewable energy, but they won't promote
sweeping cuts to agricultural subsidies, according to members from both parties.

U.S. trading partners are pressuring the United States to cut subsidies to
cotton and other crops that benefit Southern farmers. The Bush administration
has been building the case that subsidies are concentrated in too few farms and
should be more evenly distributed.

In January, Sen. Tom Harkin (D-Iowa) will take control of the Senate Agriculture
Committee, which has been led by Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.). Rep. Collin
Peterson (D-Minn.), another Midwesterner, is in line to take over in the House.

Both Democrats endorsed the 2002 farm bill, which enjoyed broad support among
farmers, and neither has signaled plans for major changes in the next farm bill
to be debated next year. Farm subsidies totaled $23 billion in 2005.

"I think the current bill is a good bill and is working well, and I want to
maintain it," Peterson said Wednesday.

Chambliss would remain as the Senate committee's ranking minority member, but
his departure as chairman could make cotton subsidies vulnerable to cuts.

Peterson said shifts in funding priorities would not come at the expense of
cotton or rice subsidies, which flow to the South and Southwest.

"In order for us to get a bill, we've got to have cotton [interests] happy and
rice [interests] happy," Peterson said. "We can't just write a bill, Harkin and
I, from the Midwest."

Chambliss said he will argue to keep funding for farm programs at current
levels. "Everything else has gone up over five years, there is no reason for us
to go down," Chambliss said.

In public forums across the country, the Bush administration has signaled that
it wants to spread subsidy money to more farmers. Roughly 60 percent of farms
don't receive regular subsidies because they don't grow a subsidized commodity,
such as corn and cotton.

Fruit and vegetable growers, excluded from the major crop subsidy programs, are
clamoring for a share. That could mean less for producers of row crops such as
cotton and rice.

"Cotton and rice are vulnerable," says Ken Cook, director of the Environmental
Working Group, an advocacy group that opposes subsidies that distort world
trade.

Cotton subsidies are also vulnerable because of world trade rulings. The World
Trade Organization ruled in 2004 that some U.S. cotton subsidies distort trade
and must be eliminated.

Brazil is asking the WTO to rule that the United States has not complied with
the world body's earlier decisions.

In a speech this month, Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said two of the major
subsidies to farmers --- marketing loans and counter-cyclical payments --- must
be "beyond challenge," indicating the subsidies require modifications to
withstand legal challenge.

The Bush administration is also pushing for lower subsidy limits for individual
farm operations, lowering the present ceiling of $360,000 to $250,000. Harkin is
on record supporting lower limits.

But Peterson said he told Johanns this week that "we're not going to be able to
pass a farm bill" if the administration pushes lower payment limits opposed by
Peterson and other members.

"They can talk about it, but I think we've gone about as far as we can go on
payment limits," Peterson said.

In a position paper released by Harkin's Senate office, the senator said he
wants to put more money into programs that pay farmers to follow specific
conservation methods on their land, rural economic development and farm-based
renewable energy such as ethanol.

Both Harkin and Peterson are keen supporters of the Midwest ethanol industry,
which makes an alternative fuel from corn. Corn-based ethanol has received
enough support, Peterson said, and he wants more money in cellulosic ethanol,
which can be made from switchgrass or plant waste.

Republicans are also likely to support ethanol. "The one title in the farm bill
that we are going to greatly expand is the energy title," Chambliss said.

Peterson and others are also pushing for a permanent, rather than ad hoc,
funding mechanism for disaster relief.

Permanent funding could guarantee quick money for farmers, but Brian Riedl, a
budget analyst with the conservative Heritage Foundation, worries that it
becomes "permanent subsidy expansion."

"Farm subsidies are already designed to increase automatically during bad
times," says Riedl.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated PressBoth Democrats who will head the agricultural
committees in Congress endorsed the 2002 farm bill, which enjoyed broad support
among farmers. Neither has signaled plans for major changes.
Photo: U.S. Rep. Collin Peterson (D-Minn.) (left) is in line to become the House
Agricultural Committee chairman.
Photo: Georgia Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss will lose his similar Senate
position.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

COLUMN: 'Affordable' Care depends on the size of your subsidy

BYLINE: By Byron York, Syndicated columnist

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 785 words


What does the word "affordable" in the Affordable Care Act mean? Many people
might assume it means Obamacare will make health coverage less expensive. That's
certainly the impression President Obama gave when he promised his national
health care scheme would "cut the average family's premium by about $2,500 per
year."

But Obama and the Democrats who passed the law didn't really mean that premiums
will go down. What they meant was that premiums might well go up, but the
government will give some Americans money with which they can pay the higher
premiums and still come out ahead.

For some people that will be true. For others, not so much. Unlike Social
Security and Medicare, Obamacare is a means-tested entitlement program. It will
give low-income Americans substantial taxpayer-paid subsidies with which to
purchase insurance. People who make a bit more will receive smaller subsidies,
and those above a certain income level will receive no subsidies at all. If they
have to purchase higher-priced coverage, that's their problem.

The pro-reform Kaiser Family Foundation has created on its website a subsidy
calculator into which anyone can enter his location, income and family size to
come up with an estimate of how big, or small, his Obamacare subsidy will be.

Start, for example, with a low-income family of four living near St. Louis, Mo.,
with $35,325 in household income (that is 150 percent of the federal poverty
rate for a family that size). A Silver Plan policy for the family would have an
annual premium of $8,088, according to Kaiser. But the family would receive a
taxpayer-paid subsidy of $6,675, which means the family would pay, with its own
money, just $1,413 for the coverage. (Kaiser chose the Silver Plan for the
calculator because that is the plan that determines the size of Obamacare
subsidies.)

Of course, most families of four in Missouri make more than $35,325 a year. The
2012 Census Bureau estimated that the median income for a Missouri family of
four was $72,230 -- meaning that half the state's families of four are below
that level and half are above.

For a family that is right on the median income, $72,230, the annual premium
would still be $8,088, but the taxpayer-paid subsidy would fall to $1,226,
meaning the family would pay, with its own money, $6,862 for the coverage. Is
that a better deal than they have now? Maybe yes, and maybe no. In any event,
they won't save as much as the president promised.

Finally, choose a higher income level, but one at which there are still a lot of
people. For a family of four with an income of $85,000, the premium remains
$8,088 but the subsidy shrinks to just $13 a year, meaning the family will pay,
with its own money, $8,075 for coverage. So that family will technically receive
help with its health care costs -- but not really.

For families above that level, and there are a lot of them, the subsidy will be
$0. The bottom line is, when -- or if -- large numbers of people actually begin
purchasing coverage on the Obamacare exchanges, many will find the much-touted
subsidies aren't for them.

And that will be the key question of Obamacare: Will it help more people than it
hurts, or will it hurt more people than it helps? If the answer is the former,
Obamacare might become a permanent feature of American life. If the answer is
the latter, it will be politically unsustainable and will fail.

The administration and its defenders might argue that the numbers will be a bit
different, that some premiums could be lower or subsidies higher. But the basics
are the same: Obamacare is all about subsidies, and "affordable" means the
government is paying for all or part of it.

That is why the administration and its defenders are urging Democrats nervous
about the disastrous Obamacare rollout to just wait for the subsidies to arrive.
When that happens, they say, the Obamacare controversy will subside.

Whatever the case, the cost to taxpayers will be enormous. Obamacare limits the
percentage of income that subsidy-receiving Americans have to spend on health
coverage. Those at the top of the subsidy ladder are obligated to spend no more
than 9.5 percent of their income on premiums. Those lower down pay a lower
percentage -- for that family of four with $35,325 in annual income, it would be
4 percent.

The percentage of income that people pay doesn't change if the price of coverage
goes up. So if the $8,088 premium becomes a $10,000 premium, or a $12,000
premium, the subsidy recipient doesn't have to pay more. It's the subsidy --
paid for by taxpayers -- that goes up.

So the "affordable" in Affordable Care Act doesn't really mean affordable at
all.

Byron York is chief political correspondent for The Washington Examiner.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

[NEWS FOCUS] Smartphone subsidies back in firing line

LENGTH: 678 words


With the extraordinary parliamentary session slated to end within two weeks,
calls are growing to scrap or revise the law that places a limit on telecom
operators and phone makers in providing subsidies for new subscribers.

South Korean consumers often change their telecom operator to buy a new handset,
as the firms provide a certain amount of kickbacks to new customers on the
condition of a two- or three-year contract.

Handset subsidies, which began in the late 1990s when mobile phone service first
started here, have become more rampant lately. The trend has led to
discrimination among customers, as tech-savvy people search online to collect as
many benefits as possible.

The Mobile Device Distribution Improvement Act was first implemented in October
2014 to curb telecom operators from offering excessive subsidies to lure
customers without specific standards.

Under the law, the upper limit on the subsidies was set at 330,000 won ($289) so
that all consumers could receive equal subsidies from telecom carriers and phone
makers.

(Yonhap)

After a lapse of more than two years, however, criticism has been growing that
the act only benefits telecom operators. Last year, the nation's three telecom
carriers SK Telecom, KT and LG Uplus saved a combined 280 billion won in
marketing costs and their operating incomes rose by a total of 89.3 billion won.

Meanwhile, according to a survey by Rep. Park Hong-geun of the Democratic Party
of Korea, 75 percent of 1,000 consumers said they felt burdened by their
telecommunication expenses and 25 percent of them said the act should be
abolished.

"The act should be scrapped because it has limited the competition of telecom
operators, reduced their marketing costs and grown their operating income at the
sacrifice of consumer benefits," Cho Dong-geun, a professor at Myongji
University, told The Korea Herald.

The subsidy cap is slated to expire in September, and Cho contended the date
should be moved up.

Reps. Shim Jae-cheol and Bae Duek-kwang from the ruling Liberty Korea Party
(formerly the Saenuri Party) and Reps. Shin Kyung-min, Park Hong-geun and Byun
Jae-il from the main opposition Democratic Party are in line with Cho's views,
having introduced bills to abolish the act.

Telecom operators are against such a move.

"We know many consumers oppose the subsidy cap, but that, we think, comes from
the distrust of the government, and not the act itself. The act indeed has been
beneficial for most consumers as it does not give benefits to only very few,"
one anonymous telecom official said.

(Yonhap)

Apart from the subsidy cap, another key proposal from opposing lawmakers is to
separately notify consumers about subsidies coming from telecom operators and
phone makers.

Rep. Choi Myeong-gil from the Democratic Party, who represented another 10
lawmakers, proposed a bill to revise the act to include the separate
notification of subsidies.

Under the current law, consumers are not able to identify how much of the
subsidies come from telecom operators or phone makers such as Samsung
Electronics and LG Electronics. Tech firms had strongly opposed disclosing their
subsidy information when the law was implemented in 2014. ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Subsidies given by tech firms are included in the store prices for new
smartphones when telecom operators supply them to retail stores.
ã[#x20ac][#x20ac]

Lawmakers have claimed that separate notification may make the handset factory
price -- which includes the handset cost and subsidies given by tech firms --
more transparent, and therefore lower prices.

Rep. Choi said, "Currently, the smartphone makers' subsidies are included in the
factory price and not disclosed to the public. This has been an obstacle to
establishing transparent distribution channels."

However, the handset makers said subsidy information should be confidential for
companies competing in the global market.

A Samsung Electronics official, speaking anonymously, said, "We find no reason
why we have to disclose the subsidy information, as sales conditions for each
telecom carrier are different."

By Shin Ji-hye (shinjh@heraldcorp.c

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Govt spending P35.3B on health insurance to help keep rates low

BYLINE: David Cagahastian.

LENGTH: 326  words


Subsidies extended to government-owned and -controlled corporations (GOCCs)
further increased to P56.17 billion as of end-July this year, an amount seen
approximating or even surpassing the full amount of subsidies extended in 2013.

According to the Bureau of the Treasury (BTr), the biggest subsidy made by the
government in July went to the National Food Authority (NFA), with P4.25 billion
for July alone.

The subsidy comes in the form of purchases in unmilled rice or palay, an
activity that contributes to the highly indebted state of the government-owned
grains agency.

The next biggest subsidy made by the government for the month went to the
National Electrification Administration (NEA), which benefited P1.12 billion.
The NEA is tasked with providing electricity throughout the archipelago.

The subsidies released in July, amounting to P6.63 billion, bring the total
subsidies released from January to July to P56.17 billion, or just P10 billion
short from the subsidies released by the government for the whole of 2013, which
totaled P66.33 billion.

The biggest recipient of government subsidies continues to be the Philippine
Health Insurance Corp., which received P35.30 billion.

This was followed by the National Housing Authority (NHA), with P6.97 billion,
and then the NFA, with P4.2 billion. A significant portion of the housing
agency's subsidy is spent on building accommodation for the so-called informal
settlers.

Other big recipients of subsidies were the NEA, P2.43 billion; Philippine
Deposit Insurance Corp., P1.86 billion; Philippine Coconut Authority, P1.35
billion; and Philippine Postal Corp., P968 million.

In terms of classification, the GOCCs classified as "Major Non-Financial
Government Corporations" were subsidized to the amount of P14 billion from
January to July; those classified as "Other Government Corporations" received
P42.1 billion in subsidies; while "Government Financial Institutions" did not
receive any subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

NUPENG Calls for Mass Opposition Against Subsidy Removal

BYLINE: Onozure Dania

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: Lagos


THE National Union of Petroleum and Natural Gas Workers, NUPENG, has said
Federal Government's planned removal of fuel subsidy was a battle for all
Nigerians and not labour alone, even as it said its opposition to the proposal
remained unchanged.

Speaking at the commissioning/handing over ceremony of new vehicles for its
operational use in Lagos, NUPENG President, Mr. Igwe Achese, said subsidy
removal must be treated as a national issue.

Achese said: "If the governors came out to say they are supporting deregulation
or they are supporting fuel subsidy removal, it is clear they want the subsidy
removed because they want to amass more money to themselves.

"But, the question we have asked the governors' forum and which it has not
answered,is, what happened to the other funds members have been collecting? What
happened to the funds that have been mismanaged?

"We asked the forum and we have not got answers till now. Yet, some of the
convicted former governors are moving freely in this country, under plea
bargaining."

"The governors are asking for subsidy removal because they know what they will
gain. We even gathered that at their last meeting, they were calculating the
huge amount of money they will get. Some were talking about N600 billion, others
N500 billion, if subsidy is removed.

"Labour will continue to resist subsidy removal and Nigerians will continue to
resist it because it is not an issue for labour alone, it is a struggle for all
Nigerians. I want to tell you that you will find it difficult to pay transport,
you will find it difficult to fuel your car and if you take public transport,
you cannot pay. How much is your salary?" Will the removal of fuel subsidy
increase your salary? That is the big question you must ask yourself."

Continuing Achese said Let the government explain why subsidy was introduced to
Nigerians. if government is coming up to say we are removing subsidy, first and
foremost, it must be explained why subsidy was introduced and if government
explains why subsidy it was introduced and whether those issues have been
addressed, Nigerians will ask the next question including me, because is not a
NUPENG issue.

When you talk about fuel subsidy, is not a NUPENG issue. It is a Nigerian issue
because it is not just going to affect NUPENG but Nigerians as a whole. So, it
should not be looked at as if it is aNUPENG problem."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Stock & Land

                                  July 9, 2009

Outcry over new US dairy export subsidies

SECTION: AGRIBUSINESS

LENGTH: 532  words


TWO issues involving the United States and the European Union, and also
affecting Australia's rural export trade, resulted in vigorous discussion during
the recent World Trade Organisation (IWTO) meeting.

The meeting tackled, especially, the hot issue arising from some members' strong
objections to the EU's and US's reintroduction of export subsidies on dairy
products.

Members blasted the upwards trend in US dairy export subsidies,  especially in
view of all the talk about the US reducing subsidies, in the debate leading up
the the new US Farm Bill.

Members opposing the recent rises said the increases remained of concern even
when the subsidies remained within the upper limits that the two have agreed.

Concerning the charge that the US dairy industry is too highly subsidised, the
United State said it was forced to re-introduce export subsidies on dairy
products because other countries' subsidies currently were depressing world
dairy product prices.

The US had had to act because the subsidy trend in other countries  was making
the US dairy export industry uncompetitive.

China, however, said the US should get together with other countries to fight
the subsidies, instead of re-introducing or lifting its subsidies, in
retaliation.

Early this week, US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced initial
allocations under US Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Dairy Export Incentive
Program for the year beginning July 1, 2009.

"The program helps US dairy exporters meet prevailing world prices and
encourages the development of international export markets in areas where US
dairy products are not competitive, due to subsidised dairy products from other
countries," he said.

In making the announcement, Secretary Vilsack pointed an accusing finger at the
European Union when he stated it appears the US's international markets continue
to erode and the European Union has shown no indication that it will refrain
from providing dairy export subsidies.

The Secretary pledged that the US will continue to use this program in a
responsible manner in support of US dairy farmers.

Under US WTO commitments, USDA is allowed to provide bonuses for dairy products
on a yearly basis of 68,201 metric tons of nonfat dry milk; 21,097 metric tons
of butterfat; 3,030 metric tons of various cheeses, and 34 metric tons of other
dairy products.

The balances being made available through the new 'Invitations for Offers' will
count against the 2009-2010 US WTO commitment levels.

The other key issue was whether a beef import quota that the EU intends to
introduce in order to settle a long-running legal dispute with the US will be
available to all exporters.

The EU says it will, as the European Union's new import quota is for high
quality beef.

The quota would be compensation for the EU's failure to lift the ban (on beef
treated with growth hormones), which has been found to violate WTO agreements.

The EU rejected the suggestion that the beef import trade would be distorted
because quantities within the new quota are duty-free, whereas existing quotas,
which are specific to individual supplying countries, have a 20pc duty.

The EU said the only distortion would be within the EU's domestic market.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2009 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 8, 1987, Wednesday

REAGAN SHIP SUBSIDY PLAN DRAWS SUPPORT, OPPOSITION

BYLINE: TIM NEALE; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 791 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Reagan administration has unveiled its long-awaited plan for reforming the
ship operating subsidy program to mixed reviews from the maritime industry.

One industry executive, who asked that he not be identified, described the lan
as extremely positive and thoughtful.

Another, likewise requesting anonymity, said it appears to have a little
something in it for everyone, but also contains a lot of booby traps.

Labor could turn out to be one of the plan's staunchest opponents because of the
way the administration proposes to calculate the new subsidies. The government
would base future payments to shipowners on the lowest-cost labor contracts in
existence when the subsidies are approved.

That would hurt companies with higher-cost contracts and put pressure on the
unions to accept cuts in pay and benefits.

Tal Simpkins, director of an industry association representing companies holding
contracts with the National Maritime Union, said the administration's wage-
subsidy proposal puts the government into the collective bargaining process.

He said it also defeats the intent of the 1936 Merchant Marine Act to ensure the
existence of a U.S.-flag merchant fleet and merchant seafarers adequate for the
nation's defense.

On the other hand, added Mr. Simpkins, having a firm proposal from the
administration is a positive development because it's a beginning.

Without an administration proposal, Congress would never proceed with
legislation reforming the current operating subsidy system, he said.

Major features of the proposal, which will be sent shortly to Congress in the
form of draft legislation, include:

* All U.S.-flag liner companies would be eligible to receive operating subsidy
payments, which would be authorized for 10 years and subject to annual
appropriations by Congress.

Under the current system, subsides are considered entitlements and are exempt
from such legal restrictions as the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law.

* There would be a cap on the number of subsidy grants, as they would now be
called, available to each company.

Those already receiving subsidies with fewer than 10 sh ips in operation (this
would include Farrell Lines and Waterman Steamship Corp.), would be eligible for
up to 10 ship-year subsidies a year. Ten ship-years is the equivalent of
operating 10 ships under subsidy for one year or one ship for 10 years. The idea
is to allow the smaller carriers to grow within the program.

Subsidized carriers with more than 10 ships would be limited to 20 ship- year
subsidies.

Unsubsidized lines entering the program for the first time would be limited in
the number of ship-year subsidies they could receive to the number of ships in
their fleet during the two-year period prior to enactment of the bill, and no
more than 20.

* All carriers also would be allowed to sell or swap subsidies, thus permitting
them to cash in on their subsidy assets or acquire more subsidy than they are
otherwise entitled to receive from the government.

* All existing trade route restrictions on subsidized carriers would be
eliminated. In the future, subsidized lines could deploy their ships wherever
they want, an idea consistently opposed by some of the smaller carriers who fear
they'll be pushed out of their niche markets.

* The payment system would be changed in an effort to improve the carriers' cash
flow. Instead of paying at the end of each voyage, the government would pay
companies semi-monthly.

* No subsidy would be paid for the carriage of government cargoes reserved for
U.S.-flag ships, such as military cargo or Food for Peace shipments. It appears
that the carriers would have to discount the rates they charge for such cargoes
to reflect subsidy payments expected on the voyage.

* Subsidized carriers would be allowed to operate foreign-flag feeder vessels,
but the capacity of the latter could not exceed the capacity of the company's
U.S.-flag operations.

There would be no review process, as there is currently, to ensure the
foreign-flag ships do not compete with any subsidized services.

* Current law shielding unsubsidized domestic operators from competition from
subsidized carriers would remain unchanged. The latter could trade between
domestic points only with special approval from the secretary of Transportation.

Existing services, however, would be grandfathered, a provision favoring
Sea-Land Corp., cur rently an unsubsidized operator with both domestic and
international services.

* Ships built in foreign shipyards would be eligible for subsidy and for
government preference cargo immediately on being brought under the U.S. flag.

The cost of the new program was estimated at $ 2.1 billion over 10 years.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            April 19, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

EU subsidies must stop - - O'Leary

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 453 words


EU subsidies must stop - O'Leary Businessman claims small farmers and rich
people don't deserve payments Michael O'Leary wants a rethink on EU subsidies.

Emma Jane Hade CONTROVERSIAL businessman Michael O''Leary has said that he
believes small farmers should not receive EU subsidies.

The Ryanair boss said that the financial subsidies should be eliminated for
farmers who have fewer acres as they are "uneconomic". He also said that he
thinks "very rich people like (himself ) and the queen of England" should have
their subsidies eliminated.

"I am not a great supporter of the EU subsidies, even though I am a significant
recipient," he said on Midlands Radio earlier this week, revealing that he
receives between (EURO)60,000 and (EURO)80,000 for his Co Westmeath farm.

He said that the sum he received was "ultimately wrong", and that it was just
"one of the failures of the European Union".

"I have long held the view, that not unlike New Zealand, that we would be better
off with no subsidies.

"It''d be easier for new entrants to get into business and to produce cheaper
food. But it is not a popular view within farming circles, because they are
wedded to these income subsidies," the 55-yearold explained.

Mr O'Leary is from an agricultural background, and now operates his own farm in
Mullingar, Co Westmeath.

He believes that the EU agricultural subsidies system should be restructured,
despite the fact that it is of crucial importance for many Irish farmers. "They
should be restructured, but equally, whereas I am not a great supporter of rich
people receiving subsidies, I also would be very opposed to very small people
who are farming what are sub-economic units - 10 and 20 acre farms - receiving
subsidies.

"Ultimately, they can''t survive and they can''t make a living on those
non-economic units," he said.

He is calling for reform, but is not hopeful of anything real happening, and
believes that it should be made easier for younger farmers to "acquire more
land".

Fianna Fail TD Billy Kelleher last night told the Irish Independent that the
financial subsidies were available "for a number of reasons", and that "small
farmers should be entitled to make a living as well".

"They are custodians of the environment. They need assistance to make a living
out of their holding as well," he said.

The Cork native is a dairy farmer and he believes that we also need to be
supportive of commercial farmers, as they are "the ones that allow an
agricultural industry".

Mr O'Leary will this weekend hold the 12th annual Gigginstown farm sale. He said
he first became interested in breeding Angus cattle about 15 years ago, as "you
need to have some cattle to eat the grass".

Michael O'Leary wants a rethink on EU subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday

Subsidy Scam in Saraki's Saga [opinion]

BYLINE: Muhammad Amir Abdulqadir

LENGTH: 673 words


The outcome of the fuel subsidy probe by the National Assembly has no doubt
shocked many Nigerians. It revealed that a major rip-off was going on in the
name of fuel subsidy. But this did not really prepare Nigerians for the final
figure of over 1trillion naira that was paid to dubious beneficiaries.

Anger has become the most consistent reaction to the findings of the National
Assembly, which did well by the people by probing the subsidy regime. The probe
had become imperative considering the fact that the Federal Government had
pinned the survival of the nation on the removal of fuel subsidy.

The government had insisted that the subsidy regime had to stop because it was
fraught with irregularities and corruption. This raised many questions as
Nigerians wondered who the beneficiaries of the irregularities and corruption
were. In spite of all the questions, the government however failed to name its
beneficiaries. More disturbing however was the fact that there was no talk of
bringing the abusers of the subsidy regime to book. Were they the untouchables?

There was no answer and the government continued to insist that the subsidy
regime must stop. So, when in October, 2011, Senator Abubakar Bukola Saraki
moved a motion on the floor of the Senate calling for an investigation into how
the N240 billion budgeted for fuel subsidy for the whole of 2011 had ballooned
to over N1.2 trillion under ten months, he was speaking for millions of
Nigerians.

Saraki had sponsored the motion with 14 other senators.

It was a turning-point move. Adopting the motion on the 13th of October, the
senate directed its standing committees on Petroleum (Downstream), Appropriation
and Finance to immediately commence the investigation of the operation of the
fuel subsidy scheme. This move also had immediate multiplier effect as it
shifted focus to the transparency and accountability in the subsidy regime. The
House of Representatives also decided to look into the subsidy rip-off.

Today, Nigerians have learnt a lot about how federal resources were committed to
a dubious subsidy regime. The Senate and House of Representative special
committee reports showed that Nigeria was short-changed by over N1 trillion
through the payment of suspicious subsidies on fuel in 2011.

But while Nigerians were trying to comprehend the gargantuan rip-off; and while
many were waiting for the unmasking of the big masquerades behind the massive
swindle, a new twist was added to the tale: Saraki became the subject of a
police investigation; his name was linked to an alleged bank loan that no one
appeared to have heard anything about in the past. Strange, one might say.

It is no coincidence that the Senator is being invited by the police only when
the report of the National Assembly on the fuel subsidy rip-off is in the court
of public opinion and is about to be debated by the legislature. Why the police,
and not EFCC, have been involved?

The good thing however is that many Nigerians have been able to read between the
lines and understand the political machinations in Saraki's current travails.

The Coalition of Civil Society Organizations for Transparency in Governance
(CSOTG) warned that it would lead Nigerians to resist attempts to punish the
Saraki and others they consider patriotic Nigerians, because they asked
questions that exposed the fraud in the management of fuel subsidy "while
allowing those indicted to walk free."

The Coalition's president, Comrade Ibrahim Alih told newsmen in Abuja that the
only way government could convince Nigerians that it was still interested in
implementing the Senate and House of Representatives' reports on fuel subsidy
probes is to bring the perpetrators of the fraud in the sector to book.

Other Nigerians are just as angry and distrust the government's action.

As Edmund Burke wrote in 'Thoughts of the Cause of the Present Discontents'
(1770), "when bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall, one
by one, an un-pitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle."

Abdulqadir wrote from Ilorin.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday

Rs 126 billion for subsidies 6% higher than last year

LENGTH: 550  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 6 -- The government has earmarked Rs 126.683 billion for
subsidies in the budget 2010-11 as compared to the previous year's allocation of
Rs 119.915 billion, notifying an overall raise of six percent.

The revised estimate of the subsidies provided in 2009-10 was Rs 228.992 billion
against the initial allocation of Rs 119.915 billion, which was 0.9 percent of
the gross domestic product (GDP), while the revised estimate was 1.5 percent of
the GDP in 2009-10.

Power rates, the Karachi Electric Supply Company (KESC), wheat, sugar and the
Utility Stores Corporation (USC) are among the commodities and institutions
being allowed subsidies. The total subsidy for the fiscal year 2010-11 is 0.8
percent of the GDP.

The Water and Power Development Authority (WAPDA) will be provided Rs 84 billion
in subsidies this year, a raise from Rs 62.903 billion in the outgoing year.

Of this, Rs 4 billion will service the subsidy on the GST that WAPDA collects
from consumers. The GST subsidy has been reduced from last year's allocation of
Rs 6 billion.

The government has also allowed Rs 30 billion for the distribution companies'
tariff differential, increased from the outgoing year's figure of Rs 10 billion.

Power supply for FATA will be subsidised by Rs 10 billion, while the interest on
WAPDA's Term Finance Certificates will be subsidised by Rs 40 billion.

The government has also allowed a Rs 3.317 billion subsidy to the KESC,
substantially reduced from the outgoing year's amount of Rs 3.8 billion.

The KESC will also get Rs 2 billion for tariff differentials and another Rs 317
million to pay off its dues pending against Pakistan State Oil and the Pak-Gulf
Construction (Pvt) Ltd.

The Trading Corporation of Pakistan (TCP) has been offered subsidies worth Rs
17.130 billion, down from the outgoing year's allocation of Rs 30 billion.

Of this, the TCP will use Rs 4 billion for the import of sugar in 2010-11 and Rs
12 billion for wheat import.

The corporation will also be provided Rs 1.130 billion for continuing cotton
operation in the country, up from Rs 500 million last year.

The subsidy to USC will be Rs 4.2 billion this year, almost the same as in the
previous budget.

The USC will get Rs 700 million for the Ramzan Package, down from Rs 1.5 billion
last year.

The government has allocated Rs 3.5 billion for the sale of sugar, but has not
allowed any subsidy for the sale of flour, pulses, rice and tea.

Other sectors being offered subsidies include the Pakistan Agricultural Storage
and Services Corporation (PASSCO), which will receive Rs 600 million for wheat
export, Rs 2 billion for paddy crop operations and Rs 300 million for operation
regarding the Moong gram.

The FFC Jordan Fertiliser will get a subsidy of Rs 185 million, while oil
refineries have been allocated Rs 10.807 billion in subsidies, reduced from Rs
15 billion from last year's allocation.

list of subsidies

2010-11 2009-10

WAPDA Rs 84 billion Rs 62.903 billion

KESC Rs 3.317 billion Rs 3.800 billion

TCP Rs 17.130 billion Rs 30 billion

USC Rs 4.2 billion Rs 4.2 billion

Miscell Rs 18.036 billion Rs 19.012 billion

Total Subsidy Rs 126.683 billion Rs119.915 bilion Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Times. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

A subsidy for those most in need

BYLINE: MICHELLE SINGLETARY

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A29

LENGTH: 848 words


Here's a government gift that should keep on giving.

Unless Congress and the president act soon, many unemployed workers and their
dependents may lose their health insurance if a federal subsidy to help them pay
for the coverage isn't extended.

The economic stimulus package passed in February established an
employer-provided subsidy for unemployed workers under the Consolidated Omnibus
Budget Reconciliation Act, commonly referred to as COBRA.

COBRA gives former employees the opportunity to temporarily continue their
health coverage at their employer group rates. The problem is that many families
can't afford the premium, which can be more than $1,000 a month. But under the
stimulus plan, workers involuntarily terminated between Sept. 1, 2008, and Dec.
31 of this year were granted the subsidy, through their former employers, to
help cover their COBRA premiums for nine months.

Laid-off workers first became eligible in March. Those who take advantage of the
program pay 35 percent of the COBRA premium. Employers pick up the remaining 65
percent, which is reimbursed by the government through a payroll tax credit.

For those who signed up March 1, the subsidy terminated at the end of November.
Each month that passes without an extension increases the number of people who
can't afford coverage, said Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA, a
consumer health advocacy group.

"For millions of laid-off workers and their families, the federal COBRA
subsidies have been a health-coverage lifeline," he said during a
teleconference.

Legislation to extend the subsidy has been introduced in both the House and the
Senate. The House bill, sponsored by Rep. Joe Sestak (D-Pa.), would extend the
maximum subsidy from nine months to 15 months. It would also expand eligibility
to people who are involuntarily terminated through June 30, 2010, rather than
the current cut-off of Dec. 31. Sens. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) and Robert P. Casey
Jr. (D-Pa.) also want to extend the subsidy to 15 months, plus increase the
federal share from 65 percent to 75 percent.

Just before Thanksgiving, Brown and Casey, along with Sens. Al Franken
(D-Minn.), Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) and Robert Menendez (D-N.J.), sent a
letter to the Senate leadership urging an extension of the COBRA subsidy.

"It is imperative that we do all we can to limit the rise in the newly uninsured
-- and the subsequent increase in uncompensated care and Medicaid enrollment
that would surely follow," the senators wrote.

It's important that Congress act soon before people drop their COBRA coverage.

As I read it, the proposed legislation extending the subsidy isn't clear whether
it would allow people to return to their COBRA coverage after it has been
canceled.

Congress, of course, has found time to extend programs for folks not in great
need. Billions of dollars were allocated for people to buy cars under the "cash
for clunkers" program -- many of which the auto research Web site Edmunds.com
estimates would have been bought even without a federal subsidy.

Our leaders have given away money as part of the first-time-home-buyer tax
credit to borrowers purchasing homes they could already afford. That program's
extension was expedited through Congress.

And yet a subsidy for people who really need the money to continue health
insurance isn't getting the same treatment.

How important is this subsidy?

After the law was passed, COBRA enrollment doubled, according to an analysis by
Hewitt Associates. And with the subsidy, the cost of maintaining the average
policy was $398 per month for a family and $144 for an individual, according to
the Kaiser Family Foundation. Once the subsidy expires, that cost jumps to
$1,137 per month for family coverage and $410 per month for individual coverage.

Without the subsidy, COBRA family health coverage would eat up more than 80
percent of the average monthly national unemployment insurance benefit,
according to Families USA.

During a news briefing in October, White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said
President Obama is considering what to do with the COBRA subsidy.

"Obviously, there are a number of ideas that have been implemented that are
coming to a legislative end," Gibbs said.

One of the ideas the administration is looking at is "the notion of extending
some of the COBRA benefits," he said.

I know the administration has been preoccupied with what to do with troop levels
in Afghanistan and party crashers at a recent state dinner, but this subsidy,
considering our economy's woeful state, should be more than a notion.

It's appalling that without an extension, many people have already lost this
subsidy just before Christmas and during the middle of the debate on
comprehensive health-care reform.

Readers can write to Michelle Singletary at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St.
NW, Washington, D.C. 20071.

Comments and questions are welcome, but because of the volume of mail, personal
responses are not always possible. Please note that comments or questions may be
used in a future column, with the writer's name, unless a specific request to do
otherwise is indicated.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       March 20, 2005 Sunday Home Edition

OUR OPINION: EDITORIAL: Farm subsidies let the rich get richer;
Ending government aid would force agriculture sector to live in the present
instead of the past

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 6E;

LENGTH: 874 words


Agriculture subsidies made sense during the Depression, when falling prices for
crops were devastating family farms and the federal government was worried about
adequate food supplies. But that was more than 60 years ago, and since then the
well-intended support program has become a costly addiction. Relief meant for
family farmers in hard times has turned into a perpetual cash cow for big
farming operations, including some in Georgia.

So it's disheartening --- but predictable --- to see congressional resistance to
President Bush's proposal for a modest cut in subsidies to help limit the
federal deficit to $390 billion in fiscal 2006. Support payments would drop by
about $587 million in fiscal 2006, or 5 percent, and by roughly $5.7 billion
over a decade.

In challenging the White House plan, members of the Senate and House commit a
double disservice. They stand up for farm subsidies that benefit a few
handsomely at the expense of the majority of their constituents, while shirking
the more responsible call to get control of a debilitating federal deficit.

Incredibly, there is even talk by U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss (R-Ga.) and others
of cutting nutrition programs for the needy as a way to protect farm subsidies
for the more fortunate. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns has wisely counseled
against that course of action.

The downsides to subsidies --- in addition to promoting overproduction,
discouraging efficiency at home and creating unfair competition for farmers in
poor nations --- are that the program is susceptible to cheating and that too
much money goes into too few pockets. As time has gone by, smaller farmers most
in need have received less and less of the government's support and
corporate-like farms more and more. The White House has come to the conclusion
that the disparity has existed for too long. That's not the same as taking a
bold stand against subsidies, but it's better than endorsing the status quo.

"There's a point at which there should be a limit," Johanns was quoted as saying
last month. "The realization was that very large sums of money were going to a
very few, and that very controversy is what the president is zeroing in on."

Indeed. About two-thirds of the average of $15 billion in subsidies paid each
year between 1999 and 2002 went to about 10 percent of the farms, according to
the Government Accountability Office. The Environmental Working Group has
calculated that in Georgia, five big farms collected more than $1 million each
in the 2003 planting season, the most recent year for which state-by-state data
are available. All told, 31 farms in the state received $500,000 or more, and
119 were paid at least $300,000.

If all the farms in Georgia had shared equally in 2003 farm subsidiaries, the
average payout would have been barely above $11,000.

The president's 2006 budget would trim farm subsidies by reducing the maximum
payout from $360,000 a year to $250,000. Chambliss, the chairman of the Senate
Agriculture Committee, opposes that reduction. Instead, he wants to cut just
$2.8 billion from the Agriculture Department by spreading "the pain out over
everybody, including food stamps."

While the current subsidy limit per entity is $360,000 per year, some farm
operations receive payments above the ceiling by claiming that multiple
individuals or partnerships are involved. Or, as the GAO warned last year, it
simply could be cheating at taxpayers' expense, using multiple partnerships and
corporations to get around payment limits. The Agriculture Department (which
disagreed with the GAO assessment) cannot tell if recipients actually qualify
for the subsidy payments they get, the GAO concluded.

That fact that the subsidy program is such a fertile area for fraud should be
enough on its own to assure its demise. But in fact there is an embarrassment of
reasons to end the giveaways. Beginning in 1938 and continuing well past the
point at which the health hazards of tobacco were clearly established, the
federal government aided those who grew the addictive plant. Now the government
is preparing to give away $12 billion, including an estimated $642 million in
Georgia, to buy tobacco farmers out of the federal quota program.

The political power of the agriculture lobby has kept farm subsidies alive well
past the date they should have expired. But at least the support in Congress is
no longer unquestioning. For instance, even Sen. Charles Grassley (R-Iowa)
favors dropping the subsidy ceiling. This month he traded words with Chambliss,
who is also trying to preserve subsidies for cotton, the leading subsidy crop in
Georgia.

Ultimately, what happens to cotton and to other propped-up crops could be out of
the hands of both Grassley and Chambliss. The World Trade Organization has ruled
that the U.S. cotton subsidy is illegal, which allows other countries to
retaliate with tariffs on U.S. goods.

Perhaps the WTO can deliver the shock Congress won't. After all, America
survived the Depression, but still can't shake farm subsidies. Like other
junkies, it needs an intervention.

* EQUAL TIME: For another perspective on this issue, see the next page, E7

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FARM AID The federal government paid more than $131 billion to farmers
in the 1995-2003 period, with corn growers getting about 28 percent of all the
subsidies. Figures below are rounded and in billions: .......Subsidies
1995.....$7.24 1996.....$7.27 1997.... $7.45 1998....$12.36 1999....$21.57
2000....$23.54 2001... $22.46 2002....$12.96 2003....$16.44 TOTAL..$131.31
Source: Environmental Working Group

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily Champion (Lagos)

                            December 16, 2011 Friday

For Citizens, the Gains in Subsidy Removal [opinion]

BYLINE: Hamilton Chikezie

LENGTH: 954 words


Change, though sure as the next sunrise is what man finds difficult to come to
terms with, yet he has to live with it. In most instances, he is more worried
about the immediate pains such changes may inflict on his socio-economic matrix
than to sit for a moment and consider the long-term gains. Against this backdrop
is the groundswell of public opprobrium that has so far trailed the Federal
Government's well-thought out decision to do away with the huge albatross that
fuel subsidy has constituted on the national till. Indeed, not a few armchair
critics and hired economic analysts posit that there is nothing like the
much-touted fuel subsidy.

But common sense dictates that we should listen to the other side of the
argument; to sift the chaff from the corn before we arrive at any conclusion.
The question we all must answer is whether the decision was taken in our overall
interest and if it would benefit us in the long run? On its part, the Federal
Government reiterates its desire to discontinue subsidies on prices of petroleum
products because this poses a huge financial burden on the government. From the
recent mind-boggling revelations in the media it disproportionately benefits the
wealthy and is therefore, economically inappropriate. Equally significant is
that it diverts resources away from potential investments in critical
infrastructure. Should the huge subsidy not be channelled to mitigate this
scourge?

Anyone who can fathom the huge impetus that our treasury can derive from subsidy
removal, and the impact it can make in the lives of the poor, will definitely
answer in the affirmative. This is more so now that the federal government has
detailed the areas of critical need in which the proceeds will go to. Named
Subsidy Reinvestment and Empowerment Program (SURE), it detailed the rationale
for subsidy removal and listed the total projected subsidy savings to be derived
by all three tiers of government in the country. From that source, the total
projected subsidy savings per annum is N1.3 trillion, out of which N633 billion
accrues to Federal Government, N349 billion to State Governments, N269 billion
to Local Governments and N49 billion to Special Transfers to the Judiciary and
the National Assembly in compliance with the Appropriation Act.

Now, for the first time, the Federal Government is poised to take the bullying
bull of the fuel subsidy by the horn. The program is focused on utilization of
Federal Government's share of the subsidy. Every State and Local Government is
expected to design its own programs utilizing its portion of the subsidy
savings. However, it is important to emphasize that the above estimate is based
on a projection of an average world oil price of $90 per barrel. The balance of
the savings from the discontinuation of the fuel subsidy will be used to reduce
the borrowing needed to finance the budget deficit. This falls in tandem with
government's determination to minimize domestic debt, which over the years has
grown to about N6 trillion and therefore, must be arrested in order to ensure a
realistic economic growth.

The potential impact of the discontinuation of the subsidy regime on the poor
can be cushioned through properly targeted safety net programs. These include
Public works and employment schemes, maternal and child health, road
rehabilitation, mass transit programs and vocational training and skill
acquisition schemes and government' SURE programme is aimed at providing these.

On the recurring fear about accountability, the entire project, the FG has
stated, will be overseen by a Board to be constituted by Mr. President.
Consulting firms with international reputation will be appointed to provide
technical assistance to the Board in financial and project management. Relevant
MDAs will set up Project Implementation Units (one for each project sector) will
drive the implementation. In addition, an independent body will be responsible
for monitoring and evaluating the implementation and will report directly to the
Board.

Even as we examine the high side of the subsidy removal, it is important to
reiterate the basis for the scrapping of this huge spending on a commodity that
its major user could afford. The current subsidy regime has resulted in a huge
unsustainable financial burden. In any case, subsidies do not reach the intended
beneficiaries as it has been seen that richer households consume larger
quantities of the petrol. Furthermore, subsidy administration is beset with
inefficiencies, leakages and corruption. This has inadvertently resulted in the
diversion of scarce public resources away from investment in critical
infrastructure, while putting pressure on government resources. It has
discouraged competition and stifled private investment in the downstream sector.
It has discouraged investment in the development of refineries, petrochemicals
and fertilizer plants. This why the 20 licences issued for private refineries in
2000 has not resulted in construction of new refineries.

Once deregulated, the downstream sector of the petroleum industry will lead to
rapid private sector investment in refineries and petrochemicals. The sector
would be in position to expand by adding value. Rather than just export crude,
we would refine and get several bye products that could be used for production
in other sectors of our economy. Through the increased production activity in
the sector, Nigeria could become the hub of the petrol-chemical industry in
Africa and this would boost its economy. This will also generate millions of
jobs and lead to increased prosperity for our people.

If the country must grow in economic terms, therefore, this is the way to go. We
can no longer tread on that wasteful path.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Clash of the Titans;
Prospect of a big trade war between US and EU looms with filing of complaints
with WTO over subsidies to Airbus and Boeing

                            October 17, 2004 Sunday

Andy Ho


THE United States looks set on a collision course with the European Union (EU)
over their aircraft industries. In recent months, the two giants have been
unable to agree on how best to replace a 1992 bilateral pact that sets limits on
government support for their respective aircraft manufacturers.

The 1992 pact limited EU subsidies to Airbus to 33 per cent of a new plane's
development costs, while indirect support to Boeing from the Pentagon and
National Aeronautics and Space Administration (Nasa) was restricted to 4 per
cent of its turnover. The US government, egged on by Boeing, now wants a new
deal to ban all state aid, but the EU won't play ball.

Early this month, the US unilaterally terminated the pact, claiming that the EU
had given Airbus subsidies amounting to US$3.2 billion (S$5.4 billion) to
produce its new super-jumbo, the A380. At the same time, the Americans also
filed a World Trade Organisation (WTO) complaint challenging those very
subsidies.

On its part, the EU said it regarded the 'purported abrogation as invalid'. Not
to be outdone, however, the EU also filed its own WTO complaint over US
subsidies to Boeing which, it said, had amounted to US$18 billion in direct and
indirect aid from 1992.

The genesis

THESE WTO filings have been a long time coming. After all, the dispute goes way
back to 1967 when Europe's Airbus consortium was formed. Today, it is 80 per
cent owned by EADS, the European aerospace group, and 20 per cent by Britain's
BAE Systems. To develop new aircraft, it still gets soft loans from the
governments of Germany, France, Britain and Spain.

If a product flops, the money does not have to be repaid, so the risk is borne
partly by European taxpayers. In this way, Airbus has rolled out five new
products in the past decade, while Boeing, with shareholders to account to, has
managed just one.

Without this underwriting of its development risks, Airbus would arguably have a
harder time getting customers and suppliers on board any proposed project.
Boeing (which merged with McDonnell Douglas in 1997) was the world's largest
aircraft maker until last year, when arch-rival Airbus overtook it.

An incensed Boeing argues that a successful company like Airbus should no longer
receive this help to mount any major new aircraft programme. Boeing alleges that
it was EU subsidies of US$3.7 billion that enabled Airbus to launch the new
A380, which will eclipse the 747 when it enters service in 2006.

Airbus now produces 50 per cent of the world's aircraft, up from 30 per cent in
1992, and is likely to remain top dog until 2008. It posted 9.8 per cent
operating margins on US$12.1 billion in sales for the first half of this year.
But don't cry for Boeing just yet - it still had US$50 billion in revenues and
nearly US$1 billion in annual profits last year.

Each side believes that the other uses unfair trade practices to gain market
leverage. The US says the EU unfairly subsidises its industry, making it
difficult to compete, while the EU argues that the US also subsidises Boeing
indirectly through its massive defence programme.

Yes, the US is acting now because of electoral politics, of course, but there's
no gainsaying the fact that aircraft is America's largest exporting industry and
aircraft production affects nearly 80 per cent of the US economy by some
accounts. This is why the subsidies question has never been more contentious
than in aircraft manufacturing.

Unique situation

EVEN back in the pre-WTO days of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade
(Gatt) negotiations, the aircraft manufacturing industry always held a unique
position. Though one of the world's largest industries, it was - and still is -
made up of only a few makers who could actually formulate policy (through their
governments), rather than react to it.

There were also a limited number of buyers, so their concerns merited special
attention too. Thus, even the US was always afraid that too much pressure on
Airbus could alienate the EU, which might freeze Boeing out of the world's
second largest market.

Thus, while most industries suspecting a violation would simply have filed a
complaint, the US aircraft industry often saw this option as not quite
available: the Europeans always said they would immediately counter-sue.

So important was aerospace that at the conclusion of the Tokyo Round of Gatt
negotiations from 1973 until 1979, the only industry-specific agreement signed
was the multilateral Civil Aircraft Code. Both the EU and US were parties to it.

The code eliminated various tariffs and prohibited licensing requirements for
aircraft but sidestepped the question of government subsidies: No consensus
could be reached on even what would count as a subsidy.

Thus, the issue of aircraft subsidies remained a festering sore. After the
limited success of the Tokyo Round, the US would wait until 1984 to begin
negotiating with the Europeans on aircraft subsidies in the subsequent Uruguay
Round of Gatt. While the process dragged on for the rest of the 80s, Airbus grew
and grew to overtake McDonnell Douglas, becoming in the process the world's
second largest manufacturer.

Still, after 45 years of negotiations, the parties finally agreed during the
Uruguay Round as to what a subsidy was: It must actually benefit an industry and
be 'specific to an enterprise or industry or group of enterprises or
industries'. Thus help to aerospace was indubitably subsidies.

Both sides now saw that their interests would be best served in bilateral
negotiations without the involvement of marginal players like Canada or Brazil.
Thus, in 1987, for the first time, they began informal negotiations, outside
Gatt, to limit Airbus subsidies.

Even so, at this time, as part of its privatisation programme, the German
government went ahead and gave its partner firm in the Airbus consortium
guarantees against losses due to exchange rate fluctuations for each aircraft
delivered in 1990. The US grabbed the opportunity to file a suit, hoping to
soften the EU stand ahead of negotiations.

In January 1992, Gatt ruled that the German programme was illegal. The EU
quickly blocked the ruling from being adopted. In the pre-WTO days, every Gatt
decision had to be unanimous so every one had, in effect, a veto. But the
Europeans had been put on notice that Airbus subsidies were, indeed, illegal
under (non-enforceable) international law.

The US then filed a broader suit against all Airbus subsidies. Realising their
position was untenable in the eyes of their trading partners, the Europeans
agreed to sign a bilateral Civil Aircraft Agreement with the US the same year.

Under this pact, the Europeans would provide Airbus no subsidies - except for
new aircraft development programmes. These would be limited to 33 per cent of
total development costs, down from 60 per cent. For US makers, indirect
government aid was to be limited to 4 per cent of each manufacturer's turnover.

Still, the European subsidies remained considerable, down to the present day.

Now, 12 years later, with its dominance shattered, Boeing unsurprisingly wants
all Airbus subsidies ended. Right now, Boeing is particularly concerned about
Airbus' A350 that could appear by the end of the year. If it does, it would
spoil the market for Boeing's latest plane, the 250-seater Dreamliner, or 7E7.

Seizing the opportunity of the November elections in which President George W.
Bush wants to appear strong in protecting jobs at home, Boeing urged him to file
a WTO suit. He did. So, aircraft subsidy negotiations are right back where they
started.

Why subsidies

SUBSIDIES have proven hard to limit, in part because they are so effective.
Subsidies can have multiplier effects as a given amount allows the supported
company to sell cheaply and gain a toehold in a new market where it can grow its
market share.

Governments use subsidies to promote important national policy objectives,
whether to support ailing industries, promote exports, or boost national
prestige. Thus they involve sensitive governmental action, which means that
clashes can be resolved only through high-level diplomatic negotiations.

But EU-US negotiations involve fundamentally opposing historical attitudes
towards the role of government - and thus subsidies. The Europeans have
traditionally mingled the public and private sectors. For example, the French
believe that government is responsible for an individual's health and well-being
from cradle to grave.

However, the US says it prefers to let the market pick winners and losers.
Government support is supposed to give citizens a safety net in times of
emergency. So while much of European industry remains dependent on governmental
support, public aid in the US is expected only in emergencies - like the
Chrysler bailout in the early 1980s.

Their individual approaches to subsidies reflect these sensibilities. The EU
views any demand to limit domestic subsidies as interfering with the rights and
duty of its national governments, whereas the US sees subsidies as intruding in
free markets.

The US maintains that EU subsidies to Airbus must be considered on the basis of
what the recipient could have earned competing in the market without subsidies.
Thus, not only the bilateral agreement but also the WTO Agreement on Subsidies
and Countervailing Measures hold. Under the latter, the existence of a benefit
is to be determined by comparison with the market. Unsurprisingly, the EU takes
a narrower stance that the 1992 bilateral agreement (which permits subsidies) is
controlling.

The US has long argued that direct government contracts for commercial airlines,
development and launch grants, funding of R&D, equity infusions, exchange rate
guarantees, tax breaks, debt forgiveness and bailouts all violate WTO law. The
Europeans respond that subsidies to Airbus are legal under the pact as long as
they are below 33 per cent.

Either way this has gone to the WTO now.

In the world body, the dispute could take a year, or more, to resolve. If the
two sides can't work it out after a 60-day consultation period, WTO litigation
will follow, which could last as long as nine months. After that, appeals may
drag on for another three months. The eventual victor will be allowed to
retaliate with punitive tariffs on imports from the loser should it refuse to
drop its aircraft subsidies.

Rather than risk a damaging ruling, both sides may yet decide to return to the
negotiating table - especially if there is a new man in the White House. If not,
after negotiating for decades without resolving the dispute, it looks like a WTO
panel will have to decide. Yes, there are many trade-offs when thrusting trade
disputes into the courts but the negatives have been somewhat reduced because
the WTO is quite capable of resolving disputes quickly.

More broadly, this episode confirms that the old system of unilateral
retaliation by one member which deems that another has engaged in unfair trade
practices is really dead. Now even the US and EU will settle their disputes in a
legal forum. This, in turn, will create more international rules with the force
of law - and that's a good thing.

SECTION: Think

LENGTH: 1869 words

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Global Fossil Fuel Subsidies Dwarf Funding Commitment to Climate Change

BYLINE: By JOHN SCHWARTZ

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Foreign Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1269 words


As representatives of nearly 200 countries gathered in Paris to discuss ways of
reducing emissions from fossil fuels, many pointed to what they consider a
simple and obvious way to change behavior: Stop widespread subsidies that
encourage the use of fossil fuels.

Industrialized nations agreed to start phasing the subsidies out after an
agreement at the Group of 20 summit meeting of the world's largest economies in
2009, and some progress has been made. The International Energy Agency said its
$490 billion estimate for worldwide fossil fuel subsidies in 2014 would have
been $610 billion if not for changes since that agreement.

But calls for greater cuts continue. The energy agency issued a statement last
month identifying the elimination of subsidies as one of the most effective
strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The subsidies are ''public
enemy No. 1 in terms of sustainable development,'' said Fatih Birol, executive
director of the agency.

On Monday, the first day of the climate conference, representatives of 35
governments and hundreds of businesses and organizations issued a call for
countries to take aggressive action to phase out fossil fuel subsidies.
Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of the United Nations Framework
Convention on Climate Change, said, ''The huge sums involved globally could be
better spent on schools, health care, renewable energies and building resilient
societies.''

In their simplest form, fossil fuel subsidies amount to government spending to
keep the price of fuel low for citizens. They are why gasoline in Venezuela
costs about 2 cents per liter. The International Energy Agency estimates that
global subsidies total about $490 billion a year. Those direct subsidies are
found chiefly in the developing world and in oil-producing nations.

Industrialized countries like the United States are less likely to reduce the
cost of fuel at the pump with government money, but experts who track subsidies
say that America, too, finds ways to support fossil fuel use through tax breaks
and in backing for exploration and production. The Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development has counted 800 ways that rich industrial nations
use taxpayer money to support fossil fuel producers.

A new report from Oil Change International, an energy research and advocacy
group, estimates that aid to the coal, oil and natural gas industries came to
$452 billion last year. The group said the situation amounted to governments
''allowing fossil fuel producers to undermine national climate commitments,
while paying them for the privilege.''

''We have to stop using government funds to support the industry that is causing
the problem,'' said Stephen Kretzmann, executive director and founder of Oil
Change International. ''That would seem to be the low-hanging fruit of solving
climate change: When you're in a hole, stop digging. And yet we really haven't
made much progress.''

The International Monetary Fund has come up with a much higher estimate for the
global total of fossil fuel subsidies -- $5.3 trillion, which includes the costs
of the effects of energy use on people's health, the environment and climate
change. That figure constitutes 6.9 percent of the global gross domestic
product.

Whatever the estimates, they stand in sharp contrast to the money being spent on
reducing the effects of climate change. Even the lowest subsidy estimates far
exceed the pledge by advanced industrialized nations to spend $100 billion a
year by 2020 to fight climate change.

A recent report from the Climate Policy Initiative, a nonprofit research and
policy organization funded by the financier George Soros, suggested that to keep
the global temperature from rising more than two degrees Celsius would require
about $1 trillion per year.

Bill Hare, chief executive of the nonprofit research and policy group Climate
Analytics, said taking action on direct subsidies could have a profound effect.
''Emissions could be reduced by up to 20 percent from what would otherwise occur
if you removed fossil fuel subsidies,'' he added.

Critics of subsidies say their greatest benefits go to the middle class and the
rich, who can better afford cars.

By keeping conventional fuels at low prices, subsidies also make alternative
energy sources less affordable in comparison. The International Energy Agency's
2014 World Energy Outlook report warned, ''Fossil fuel subsidies rig the game
against renewables and act as a drag on the transition to a more sustainable
energy system.''

That report noted that some countries spent a greater share of their gross
domestic product on fossil fuel subsidies than on health or education.

Going into the Paris climate talks, China, Ethiopia, India, Mexico, Morocco,
Singapore and Vietnam had committed to addressing subsidies, Mr. Kretzmann said.
''Governments have a lot of incentive and opportunity to eliminate those now,
with oil prices so low,'' he added.

And as prices have dropped, subsidies have been reduced in many countries,
including India, Indonesia, Mexico and the United Arab Emirates, said Dr. Hare
of Climate Analytics.

While attempts to cut subsidies have led to social unrest, more recent efforts,
including a gradual phaseout to soften the blow, have enjoyed quiet success.

But previous efforts have often been abandoned when global fuel prices rise and
consumers are pinched. ''If you look at the history of fuel subsidy reform, it
doesn't always stick,'' said Michael L. Ross, a professor of political science
at the University of California, Los Angeles, who studies energy subsidies.

A study from the Carbon Tracker Initiative, the Institute for Energy Economics
and Financial Analysis and other groups suggested that eliminating production
subsidies for the Powder River Basin coal region in Wyoming and Montana alone
would raise the price of that coal enough to reduce demand for it by 30 percent
in the long term, which the study estimates would equal the emissions from as
many as 32 coal-burning plants.

Michael A. Levi, an energy expert with the Council on Foreign Relations, said
that fuel subsidies were an inefficient way to help the poor, anyway. However,
he noted that better ways were not necessarily available. Giving money directly
to the poor to make up for the lost fuel savings would require a banking and
credit infrastructure that often cannot be found in the developing world.

''You shouldn't want to solve these countries' fiscal problems on the backs of
their weakest citizens,'' Mr. Levi said.

In the United States, a longstanding coalition of environmentalists and
libertarians has sought to eliminate tax breaks and policies that support the
fossil fuel industry. Eli Lehrer, the co-founder of the R Street Institute, a
free-market think tank in Washington, said the oil industry did not need many of
the tax breaks it received.

''I doubt that eliminating the intangible drilling cost write-off would reduce
oil production at all,'' he said.

Carlton Carroll, a spokesman for the American Petroleum Institute, said the tax
breaks for his industry ''are similar to other manufacturing sectors.'' He
added, ''As an industry, we pay higher taxes than any other.''

Such arguments do not convince Mr. Lehrer, whose group is part of the Green
Scissors coalition that includes environmentally conscious budget cutters across
the political spectrum. ''These subsidies on fossil fuels are a very good,
transideological issue,'' he said. ''To the left, it's a terrible act of
environmental destruction. To the right, it's crony capitalism. And both sides
are true.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/06/science/on-tether-to-fossil-fuels-nations-spea
k-with-money.html

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A mural depicting the state petroleum company in Venezuela,
where gas is 2 cents a gallon. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CARLOS GARCIA RAWLINS/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 14, 2003 Thursday

U.S., EU reach agreement on agricultural subsidies;
Compromise could remove major roadblock to further trade talks

BYLINE: SCOTT KILMAN, MATTHEW NEWMAN, and MICHAEL SCHROEDER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 699 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, BRUSSELS and WASHINGTON


The United States and Europe agreed to reduce agricultural trade subsidies and
tariffs, a key compromise intended to jump-start stalled world-trade talks by
persuading poor countries to scale back their own protectionist policies.

The pact, hammered out between U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick and
European Union commissioners in a late-night teleconference Tuesday, could
remove a major roadblock to further trade talks by addressing domestic price
supports, export subsidies and agricultural tariffs. It could also force other
countries to revamp farm subsidies and other impediments to trade.

Retreating somewhat, the Bush administration offered to rein in its cherished
$3-billion (U.S.) loan-guarantee program for U.S. farm exports. The EU,
meanwhile, signalled willingness to cut deeply into some of its most politically
sensitive agricultural programs, such as export subsidies.

But so few specifics are included in the joint proposal that it is far from
clear how it would impact farmers worldwide. "It is a step forward, but a lot of
details are missing and the devil is in the details," said Ron Gaskill, a
lobbyist for the American Farm Bureau Federation, which has supported the Bush
administration's goals of lowering barriers to agricultural trade.

Even with few details, some trade skeptics said the agriculture agreement would
hurt poor countries. Oxfam International, which has been waging a Make Trade
Fair campaign primarily centred on agriculture, says the agreement scales back
some of the promises the United States and EU made on agriculture during the
last big meeting of the World Trade Organization in Doha, Qatar, in 2001.

"This is more about show than substance," said Celine Charveriat, head of the
Geneva office of Oxfam International. "By limiting the removal of export
subsidies to a number of commodities, the EU and U.S. are violating the spirit
and the letter of the Doha declaration where, among other things, they agreed to
eliminate all export subsidies."

Allen Johnson, chief agriculture negotiator for the U.S. Trade Representative's
office, said the proposal isn't meant to be the final word, but cautioned that
"if agriculture [issues] don't move forward, nothing will move forward." Global
trade ministers will meet in Cancun next month for the next big meeting of the
WTO, and U.S. and European trade officials are hoping to push the agriculture
talks along with the hastily crafted agreement, which Mr. Johnson nonetheless
called a "major breakthrough."

At the Cancun meeting, the 146 WTO member nations will try to agree in general
on how to lower trade barriers. But the hard part - agreeing to the size of cuts
in agricultural tariffs and domestic subsidies - probably won't come until
later.

One Bush administration official yesterday said that the joint proposal would
require the EU and United States to scale back their favourite ways of boosting
agricultural exports - techniques that both employ to dispose of the surpluses
generated by farm subsidies.

In a nutshell, the United States said it is willing to make its export-loan
program less attractive to foreign importers. Under the program, the U.S.
Agriculture Department guarantees repayment of loans used to buy U.S.
commodities. A Bush administration official said the program, which involves
about $3-billion in loans annually, would be reduced at the same pace that the
EU reduces export subsidies. The United States values the EU's annual export-
subsidy program at about $2.1-billion.

Under the framework, both would have to reduce by an undetermined percentage the
amount of subsidies that tend to spur overproduction, which result in the
surpluses that depress worldwide prices of everything from corn and cotton to
wheat. One example is a U.S. marketing loan program that guarantees that soybean
farmers reap about $5 a bushel, a price that has encouraged growers to plant
more soybeans.

Under current WTO agreements, U.S. subsidies of this sort are already capped at
$19.1-billion while similar EU subsidies are capped at $67-billion.

The joint proposal would also put a cap on the amount that countries can spend
on less trade-distorting types of subsidies.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                          November 11, 1998, Wednesday

Taxpayers paying political parties, but what do they get in return?

BYLINE: Yoshimichi Hironaka ; Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 943 words


"We must not restrict the freedom of political parties, but at the same time,
the parties must disclose how they make use of state subsidies."

"As party members, we need to be aware that political subsidies are financed by
the taxpayers. Although there are no restrictions on how they are used, there is
a need for disclosure in this regard."

Such views were expressed by lawmakers in the early 1990s during Diet
deliberations on the party subsidy system.

Political reform was the burning issue of the day. As a result of the
deliberations, new measures were introduced, such as the subsidies and the
single-seat electoral district system for the House of Representatives.

With the exception of the Japan Communist Party, which opposed the idea of
subsidies, parties had various views on how the money should be spent.

In light of this, what lower house member Yojiro Nakajima allegedly did was
truly outrageous.

Nakajima was arrested on Oct. 29 on suspicion of using subsidies for private
purposes.

That would constitute a violation of a basic rule: that lawmakers should not
deceive the public.

Some observers said it stemmed from the fact that Nakajima comes from a family
of politicians, with his late father and grandfather having served as cabinet
ministers. Some say he was spoiled by his family, while others claim the problem
was his own personality.

Whatever the reason, his arrest has given rise to suspicions among the public
that the subsidies are not being used for legitimate purposes in some cases.

However, the main issue raised by the scandal is that political parties are not
fully performing their functions.

The primary objective of political reform was to change the traditional emphasis
on individual politicians, and create a new system stressing parties. The
traditional system is perhaps best symbolized by the Liberal Democratic Party,
which reigned for decades after the war.

In line with this objective, multiple-seat electoral districts of the lower
house were abolished to end the situation whereby two or more LDP candidates
could be fielded for the same constituency, with the result that party factions
threw their weight around.

In its place, a single-seat system was introduced to allow for competition among
parties.

The subsidies were introduced with the same objective. The idea was that the
public should make a "contribution" for the development of strong parties.

The per-capita contribution works out to 250 yen in Japan. That is lower than
the level in Austria at 281, yen but greater than Germany's 222 yen and 215 yen
in France, according to figures provided by the National Diet Library.

Party subsidies in fiscal 1997 totaled 31.1 billion yen. Considering the poor
shape of the economy, that is a considerable sum. Hefty subsidies were planned
from the beginning, and thus it was only natural that most Diet members
expressed a determination to use the money for legitimate purposes at the time
of the system's establishment.

Party structures and organizations should have been reformed by now. But, as
shown in the case of Nakajima, there is still no clear line between party
chapters and politicians' support groups.

Nakajima, head of the LDP's Gunma Prefecture No. 3 chapter, was arrested on
suspicion of doctoring the chapter's accounts. He is said to have done so to
conceal the transfer of money from the chapter's subsidies to the account of his
fund management group.

With the introduction of the single-seat system, local party chapters were
reorganized. But in many cases, politicians' support groups were simply
converted into local chapters. Thus, observers have pointed out the difficulty
in drawing a line between party activities and those of individual politicians.

The Nakajima case has also revealed the LDP's "immaturity" as a political party,
and that much more must be done to reform its structure and the system for
monitoring the use of subsidies.

In some ways, the subsidy system has worked counter to the original objective.
According to a 1997 report on party funding, subsidies accounted for 34 percent
of the parties' total revenues, up 3.5 percentage points from the year before.

The figure has been rising ever since the system was introduced in 1995,
indicating a growing dependence on subsidies.

In the case of the now-defunct Shinshinto (New Frontier Party), subsidies
accounted for as much as 85.5 percent of its revenue. Thus, it was virtually
financed by the state. Other parties are also heavily dependent on subsidies,
with the figure at 60.2 percent for the Social Democratic Party and 59.8 percent
for the LDP.

Ideally, parties would be financially independent. To achieve that, they would
have to finance their budgets with membership fees and contributions from
supporters. However, the funding report shows the opposite is happening. This
means that the subsidies are not being used for the original purpose--wholesome
development of party politics.

In Germany, there is a rule that state subsidies should not exceed the total
amount of funds collected by a party. A similar rule was set for Japan's system,
dictating that subsidies should not exceed two-thirds of the revenue raised by a
party. However, that rule was scrapped because of fears that it would prompt
politicians to aggressively seek donations.

If current trends continue, there will be a need for subsidy ceilings.

It is time for parties to think about reinforcing their foundations. It would
not only benefit the parties, but also help in achieving political reform.

(Yoshimichi Hironaka is political editor of The Yomiuri Shimbun.)

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Yomiuri Shimbun
