
                               1 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

BYLINE: HOPEWELL RADEBE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 433  words


French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

Land and Agriculture Editor

AGRICULTURAL body Potatoes SA has bemoaned surging volumes of frozen French fry
imports, calling for protection from the agriculture, forestry and fisheries
minister.

The industry yesterday appealed to the government for & urgent intervention& in
creating a sustainable environment for the potato processing industry, saying
the Department of Trade and Industry should address & the influx of frozen
French fries& into SA.

Rams Mabote, adviser to Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tina
Joemat-Pettersson, confirmed the sector had approached the ministry. He said the
department would respond & soon& Potatoes SA marketing manager Etienne Booyens
said the local potato processing industry was in a crisis situation due to & a
sharp increase& in the importation of frozen French fries from Europe.

The body says the volume of frozen imports had surged from 15460 tons in 2009,
reaching 46903 tons in 2010, before levelling off at 30054 tons last year.

In August 2010, black frost wiped out 35000 tons of potatoes in Limpopo and
surrounding areas in less than a month, double the quantity lost to & disastrous
weather& in 2007. For the second time in three years, SA had faced a potato
shortage, which led local processing companies to seek supplies internationally.
The losses were estimated at 3-million bags.

Of the 650 commercial potato producers in SA, more than 100 do so under contract
for the processing industry. The local processing industry consumes 435000 tons
of potatoes, 58% of which goes into French fries.

Mr Booyens said with more than 9500ha planted for the processing industry, no
fewer than 11400 South African workers were affected. The three largest
producers of frozen French fries in SA jointly employed about 1060 workers in
their factories alone.

He said the total local annual production of French fries was estimated at about
120000 tons while the actual market size was closer to 150000 tons. The high
level of French fry imports in 2010 affected the local producers because it
exceeded the available market for imports and affected locally produced (raw)
potatoes.

Potatoes SA yesterday also urged South African consumers to lobby against the
importation of frozen French fries.

Mr Booyens said the next time that South Africans dined at a local restaurant
they should demand to know whether South African potatoes had been used to make
the French fries.

& By adding their voices, consumers may be able to prevent the collapse of the
local potato processing industry and save jobs.& radebeh@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

BYLINE: HOPEWELL RADEBE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 433  words


French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

Land and Agriculture Editor

AGRICULTURAL body Potatoes SA has bemoaned surging volumes of frozen French fry
imports, calling for protection from the agriculture, forestry and fisheries
minister.

The industry yesterday appealed to the government for & urgent intervention& in
creating a sustainable environment for the potato processing industry, saying
the Department of Trade and Industry should address & the influx of frozen
French fries& into SA.

Rams Mabote, adviser to Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tina
Joemat-Pettersson, confirmed the sector had approached the ministry. He said the
department would respond & soon& Potatoes SA marketing manager Etienne Booyens
said the local potato processing industry was in a crisis situation due to & a
sharp increase& in the importation of frozen French fries from Europe.

The body says the volume of frozen imports had surged from 15460 tons in 2009,
reaching 46903 tons in 2010, before levelling off at 30054 tons last year.

In August 2010, black frost wiped out 35000 tons of potatoes in Limpopo and
surrounding areas in less than a month, double the quantity lost to & disastrous
weather& in 2007. For the second time in three years, SA had faced a potato
shortage, which led local processing companies to seek supplies internationally.
The losses were estimated at 3-million bags.

Of the 650 commercial potato producers in SA, more than 100 do so under contract
for the processing industry. The local processing industry consumes 435000 tons
of potatoes, 58% of which goes into French fries.

Mr Booyens said with more than 9500ha planted for the processing industry, no
fewer than 11400 South African workers were affected. The three largest
producers of frozen French fries in SA jointly employed about 1060 workers in
their factories alone.

He said the total local annual production of French fries was estimated at about
120000 tons while the actual market size was closer to 150000 tons. The high
level of French fry imports in 2010 affected the local producers because it
exceeded the available market for imports and affected locally produced (raw)
potatoes.

Potatoes SA yesterday also urged South African consumers to lobby against the
importation of frozen French fries.

Mr Booyens said the next time that South Africans dined at a local restaurant
they should demand to know whether South African potatoes had been used to make
the French fries.

& By adding their voices, consumers may be able to prevent the collapse of the
local potato processing industry and save jobs.& radebeh@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

BYLINE: HOPEWELL RADEBE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 433  words


French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

Land and Agriculture Editor

AGRICULTURAL body Potatoes SA has bemoaned surging volumes of frozen French fry
imports, calling for protection from the agriculture, forestry and fisheries
minister.

The industry yesterday appealed to the government for & urgent intervention& in
creating a sustainable environment for the potato processing industry, saying
the Department of Trade and Industry should address & the influx of frozen
French fries& into SA.

Rams Mabote, adviser to Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tina
Joemat-Pettersson, confirmed the sector had approached the ministry. He said the
department would respond & soon& Potatoes SA marketing manager Etienne Booyens
said the local potato processing industry was in a crisis situation due to & a
sharp increase& in the importation of frozen French fries from Europe.

The body says the volume of frozen imports had surged from 15460 tons in 2009,
reaching 46903 tons in 2010, before levelling off at 30054 tons last year.

In August 2010, black frost wiped out 35000 tons of potatoes in Limpopo and
surrounding areas in less than a month, double the quantity lost to & disastrous
weather& in 2007. For the second time in three years, SA had faced a potato
shortage, which led local processing companies to seek supplies internationally.
The losses were estimated at 3-million bags.

Of the 650 commercial potato producers in SA, more than 100 do so under contract
for the processing industry. The local processing industry consumes 435000 tons
of potatoes, 58% of which goes into French fries.

Mr Booyens said with more than 9500ha planted for the processing industry, no
fewer than 11400 South African workers were affected. The three largest
producers of frozen French fries in SA jointly employed about 1060 workers in
their factories alone.

He said the total local annual production of French fries was estimated at about
120000 tons while the actual market size was closer to 150000 tons. The high
level of French fry imports in 2010 affected the local producers because it
exceeded the available market for imports and affected locally produced (raw)
potatoes.

Potatoes SA yesterday also urged South African consumers to lobby against the
importation of frozen French fries.

Mr Booyens said the next time that South Africans dined at a local restaurant
they should demand to know whether South African potatoes had been used to make
the French fries.

& By adding their voices, consumers may be able to prevent the collapse of the
local potato processing industry and save jobs.& radebeh@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                            April 26, 2012 Thursday
                              Business Day Edition

French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

BYLINE: HOPEWELL RADEBE

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 433  words


French fries influx has Potatoes SA in a stew

Land and Agriculture Editor

AGRICULTURAL body Potatoes SA has bemoaned surging volumes of frozen French fry
imports, calling for protection from the agriculture, forestry and fisheries
minister.

The industry yesterday appealed to the government for & urgent intervention& in
creating a sustainable environment for the potato processing industry, saying
the Department of Trade and Industry should address & the influx of frozen
French fries& into SA.

Rams Mabote, adviser to Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Tina
Joemat-Pettersson, confirmed the sector had approached the ministry. He said the
department would respond & soon& Potatoes SA marketing manager Etienne Booyens
said the local potato processing industry was in a crisis situation due to & a
sharp increase& in the importation of frozen French fries from Europe.

The body says the volume of frozen imports had surged from 15460 tons in 2009,
reaching 46903 tons in 2010, before levelling off at 30054 tons last year.

In August 2010, black frost wiped out 35000 tons of potatoes in Limpopo and
surrounding areas in less than a month, double the quantity lost to & disastrous
weather& in 2007. For the second time in three years, SA had faced a potato
shortage, which led local processing companies to seek supplies internationally.
The losses were estimated at 3-million bags.

Of the 650 commercial potato producers in SA, more than 100 do so under contract
for the processing industry. The local processing industry consumes 435000 tons
of potatoes, 58% of which goes into French fries.

Mr Booyens said with more than 9500ha planted for the processing industry, no
fewer than 11400 South African workers were affected. The three largest
producers of frozen French fries in SA jointly employed about 1060 workers in
their factories alone.

He said the total local annual production of French fries was estimated at about
120000 tons while the actual market size was closer to 150000 tons. The high
level of French fry imports in 2010 affected the local producers because it
exceeded the available market for imports and affected locally produced (raw)
potatoes.

Potatoes SA yesterday also urged South African consumers to lobby against the
importation of frozen French fries.

Mr Booyens said the next time that South Africans dined at a local restaurant
they should demand to know whether South African potatoes had been used to make
the French fries.

& By adding their voices, consumers may be able to prevent the collapse of the
local potato processing industry and save jobs.& radebeh@bdfm.co.za

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               September 12, 2016

FG Order Naval Command to Investigate Influx of Foreign Trawlers Into Niger
Delta Waters

BYLINE: Osa Okhomina

LENGTH: 259 words


The Federal Government has ordered the Nigerian Naval Command to investigate and
stop the increasing influx of foreign trawlers into the nation's territorial
waters for alleged indiscriminate fishing.

The Federal Government,according to the Minister of State for Agriculture and
Rural Development, Senator Heineken Lokpobiri, has ordered that rising cases of
indiscriminate fishing without proper documentation and Permission will no
longer be tolorated.

The Minister for Agriculture and Rural development, while addressing some issues
raised during the interactive session held with Bayelsa Farmers in Yenagoa, said
the influx of foreign trawlers to Nigerian territorial waters through the coast
to fish without the permission of the Federal Government would no longer be
tolerated.

He said that the presidency had directed the Chief of Naval Staff to look into
the matter with immediate effect.

[#x200e]Lokpobiri also enjoined the indigenes of Bayelsa and other states of the
region to embrace peace while the Federal Government would continue to provide
ways of boosting the economy.

He expressed concern about pipeline destructions by youths in the region, urging
them to go into agriculture.

[#x200e]Senator Lokpobiri also advised the people of the Niger Delta region to
invest in farming as loans would be provided for them by Bank of Industry and
Agricultural Development Bank in Bayelsa.

Commenting on the interactive session, the President of the Ijaw Youth Council,
Mr Udeng Eradiri, said the Niger Delta region and youths had to key into
agriculture to create wealth.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Substandard machinery slows FG's agric revolution plan

BYLINE: Josephine Okojie

LENGTH: 536  words


The Federal Government aim of diversifying the economy away from oil through
agriculture is being threaten as substandard farm machine and tools continues to
flood the country.

The influx of these machines and farm tools is reducing farmer's productive
capabilities to expand their cultivation areas perform timely farming operations
and achieve economies of scale in raising food production.

Despite the policy that requires that all agricultural equipment and machinery
imported into the country be certified and suitable for operations in Nigeria by
the National Centre for Agricultural Mechanization (NCAM) in Ilorin, influx of
substandard tractors continues to find its way into the Nigerian tractor market.

DamisaEnahoro, commercial manager, tractor  and  implements, Dizengoff, West
Africa, said 'farmers have no choice than to purchase sub-standard farm
machinery because of their inability to purchase original farm machines which
has also encouraged low level of agricultural mechanisation.'

Low level of agricultural mechanisation has continued to limit the capacity of
farmers to expand their cultivation areas, perform timely farming operations and
achieve economies of scale in raising food production, analysts say. According
to them, for the country to achieve food sufficiency, mechanised agriculture is
the only option.

Enahoro said it is important for the government to address the issue of
substandard farm machines by providing single digit loans to farmers and ensure
that the appropriate agencies regulate these importations of farm equipment.

He also said that the implication of the influx of substandard equipment will
result to the loss of revenue due to low productivity, excessive down time and
lack of technical support

'Many state governments and individual farms and organisations are importing
inferior tractors and other equipment into Nigeria,' said ElesaYakubu, national
president, Tractors Owners and Operators Association of Nigeria (TOOAN).

Yakubu stated that the country is wasting foreign exchange in the importation of
these tractors because the money cannot be justified, since farmers cannot use
it for a long period of time.

Nigeria is one of the least mechanised farming countries in the world with the
country's tractor density put at 0.025 hp/ hectare which is far below FAO
recommended tractor density of 1.5 hp/ hectare for Africa and other developing
countries, according to data from the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO).

'The substandard farm equipment is mostly the ones imported by state
governments. This put farmers in debt because most of them took loans from
financial institutions to finance the purchase of these equipments,' said
AfioluwaMogaji, chief executive officer, X-RAY Farms.

In Nigeria, a significantly higher proportion of farming area is still
cultivated by hand tools. More than 70 percent of farm labour is provided by
human power; over 20 percent is provided with draft animal power and less than
10 percent by mechanical power.

The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) reckons that Nigeria is
still at the early stage of agricultural mechanisation; even at that, its
mechanisation of power intensive operations have been slow.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 13, 2016

FG Orders Navy to Investigate Influx of Foreign Trawlers Into Niger Delta Waters

LENGTH: 225 words


The federal government has ordered the Nigerian Navy to investigate and stop the
increasing influx of foreign trawlers into the nation's territorial waters for
indiscriminate fishing.

The Minister of State for Agriculture and Rural Development, Senator Heineken
Lokpobiri, disclosed this while addressing some issues raised during the
interactive session held with farmers in Yenagoa, the Bayelsa State capital.

Lokpobiri said the influx of foreign trawlers into Nigerian territorial waters
through the coast to fish without the permission of the federal government would
no longer be tolerated.

He said the presidency had directed the Chief of Naval Staff to look into the
matter with immediate effect.

Lokpobiri also enjoined the indigenes of Bayelsa and other states of the region
to embrace peace while the federal government would continue to provide ways of
boosting the economy.

He expressed concern about pipeline vandalism by youths in the region, urging
them to go into agriculture.

Lokpobiri also advised the people of the Niger Delta region to invest in farming
as loans would be provided for them by Bank of Industry and Agricultural
Development Bank in the state.

Commenting on the interactive session, the President of the Ijaw Youth Council,
Mr. Udeng Eradiri, said the Niger Delta region and youths had to key into
agriculture to create wealth.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                              July 20, 2015 Monday

Alien influx causing population boom in NE: NEC

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: SHILLONG


SHILLONG, July 20 -- Influx from foreign countries is the cause of population
explosion in the North East, North Eastern Council (NEC) Member, Chandra Kanta
Das said here.

Speaking on the sidelines of a review meeting, Das said on Wednesday that due to
the influx from foreign countries the NE has witnessed a population boom over
the decades.

Later, during a review meeting on Agriculture and Allied sectors at the NEC
Secretariat, Das said, 'With the explosion of population in the region, the
average land holding is only about one hectare in Assam and less in other States
and therefore we need to produce more from the limited available area,' Das said
during the meeting.

The meeting was attended by officials from the region's Planning departments,
North Eastern Regional Community Resource Management and North Eastern Regional
Agricultural Marketing Corporation Limited.

Highlighting the problems plaguing the development of the Agriculture and allied
sector in the region, Das said issues such as unavailability of quality seeds,
poor connectivity, limited availability of arable land, erosion and other
factors needs to be addressed.

Stressing on increasing productivity as well as cropping intensity for food
security, Das said, the region needs simultaneous development of Animal
Husbandry sector.

'Piggery, poultry, goat rearing need to be increased as a large percentage of
the population in the region are non-vegetarian,' the NEC member said.

Das further underlined the need of vesting land rights to farmers, improving
access to bank loans for agricultural purposes and conservation of agricultural
gene pools of the crops grown in the region.

Das said there is a need therefore to formulate a Perspective Regional Plan for
Agriculture and Allied Sector for the region apart from State-wise review of
ongoing NEC funded projects.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                              July 20, 2015 Monday

Alien influx causing population boom in NE: NEC

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: SHILLONG


SHILLONG, July 20 -- Influx from foreign countries is the cause of population
explosion in the North East, North Eastern Council (NEC) Member, Chandra Kanta
Das said here.

Speaking on the sidelines of a review meeting, Das said on Wednesday that due to
the influx from foreign countries the NE has witnessed a population boom over
the decades.

Later, during a review meeting on Agriculture and Allied sectors at the NEC
Secretariat, Das said, 'With the explosion of population in the region, the
average land holding is only about one hectare in Assam and less in other States
and therefore we need to produce more from the limited available area,' Das said
during the meeting.

The meeting was attended by officials from the region's Planning departments,
North Eastern Regional Community Resource Management and North Eastern Regional
Agricultural Marketing Corporation Limited.

Highlighting the problems plaguing the development of the Agriculture and allied
sector in the region, Das said issues such as unavailability of quality seeds,
poor connectivity, limited availability of arable land, erosion and other
factors needs to be addressed.

Stressing on increasing productivity as well as cropping intensity for food
security, Das said, the region needs simultaneous development of Animal
Husbandry sector.

'Piggery, poultry, goat rearing need to be increased as a large percentage of
the population in the region are non-vegetarian,' the NEC member said.

Das further underlined the need of vesting land rights to farmers, improving
access to bank loans for agricultural purposes and conservation of agricultural
gene pools of the crops grown in the region.

Das said there is a need therefore to formulate a Perspective Regional Plan for
Agriculture and Allied Sector for the region apart from State-wise review of
ongoing NEC funded projects.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Influx Agrotech

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.influxagrotech.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Influx AgroTech is a research based agro solution company. The Company is
focused on innovative solutions for crops, soils, birds, animals, humans and
environment.  Influx AgroTech believes that Agriculture plays a pivotal role in
strengthening the economy of our country. With the objectives clearly envisioned
and defined, Influx AgroTech is committed to do innovations in agriculture,
horticulture, floriculture, dairy and poultry. The idea is to promote evergreen
revolution which has multiplier effect on employment generation and socio
economic development of the rural and semi urban areas through environment
friendly technologies.  The emphasis is given on bettering the Human life by
improving the quality of the agro produce. To get the quality produce from soil,
the soil quality needs to be improved. To achieve this company has innovative
range on products. Awareness and Knowledge play a major role in agriculture,
dairy and poultry. To ensure awareness company has well trained 'Agro Advisors'
and a series of publications in the form of newsletter, booklets, books, & CDs.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              11 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

An influx of flax in North Dakota

BYLINE: Jennifer McBride, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Dec. 18--If June estimates stick, North Dakota farmers will have planted about
100,000 acres more of flax seed this year over 2009 and state Ag Commissioner
Doug Goehring only expects to see an increase next year.

North Dakota produces more than 95 percent of the nation's flax and that's
remarkable, he said.

Flax seed demand is rising and a local health store and a local processing
facility can attest to that.

Stone Mill Inc., Richardton, which processes brown and golden flax seeds,
doubled the size of its facility in 2008 to accommodate the food flax market,
Vice President Daneen Dressler said.

The facility takes the seed from farmers and "takes out dirt, stones, wheat and
anything that's not a flax seed," she said. It is then packaged for the bulk
food industry.

Stone Mill has been in business since 1979 and Dressler said 15 years ago flax
seed really gained popularity and ever since, demand has grown.

North Dakota farmers planted about 390,000 acres of flax in 2010, according to
U.S. Department of Agriculture June estimates. This compares to 295,000 acres in
2009, according to the USDA National Agriculture Statistics Service.

Farmers planted about 410,000 acres of flax across the entire country this year,
June forecasts show. McLean and Ward counties are among the top producers but
flax is planted throughout the state, according to NASS. Final numbers will be
ready Jan. 12.

Flax is about 85 percent of Stone Mill's business, said accountant Mark Rummel.
Within the last six months the facility added a color sorter, he said, adding
they don't want to mix brown and gold flax seeds to keep a purer product.

There has been an increase in flax acres for a couple of reasons, Goehring said.
Flax seed is a flexible crop that can be planted early or late. Also, there is a
strong demand -- especially for U.S. flax, he said.

"Canada is another major supplier of flax and they had trouble in the European
market and U.S. producers stepped up to the plate," Goehring said. "North Dakota
is quite frankly second-to-none in flax seed."

The state has the right topography, geography and moisture levels to benefit the
plant and it is beneficial in rotation, he said.

Dressler said the health benefits of flax seed include immunity, skin moisture,
hair strength and the outer shell or flax lignans, have great hormonal benefits
for women.

Besides its multiple uses in the health food industry, it is used in premium dog
foods to enhance canines' coats and immunity. Flax is also used in the textile
industry.

Colors of Health owner Linda Krank said, "I think it's one of the more healthy
things we can take on a daily basis."

The Dickinson health food store sells whole seeds, ground seeds, capsules and
oil.

The seeds provide fiber in addition to essential fatty acids, she said. This
helps with digestion and keeps the intestinal track clean, she said, adding the
oil is also good for joints, skin and hair.

"Our digestion is so important as far as keeping everything moving," Krank said.

Rummel said flax seed is high in omega-3, doctors suggest it and many people are
switching to it instead of fish oil.

"People are worried about mercury so they are turning to flax for a purer source
of omega-3," Rummel said.

Many customers grind seeds to put in shakes and others use whole flax seed as an
ingredient in bread mixes, pastas and more.

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101218-QX-An-influx-of-flax-in-North-Dakota-1218-20101218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2010 The Dickinson Press


                              12 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Imphal Free Press (India)

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

MPP flags ILP demand

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: Imphal


Imphal, July 3 -- The Manipur Peoples' Party has also joined the bandwagon of
organizations seeking the implementation of the Inner Line Permit system in the
state.

Speaking at a press meet today at party office MPP President Sanasam Umananda
said that the government should implement the Inner Line Permit in the state
which was abolished in 1950 by the then Chief Commissioner of Manipur Himmat
Singh.

The Inner Line Regulation was there during the British Raj, he added.

Elaborating on the need of ILP Umananda said, due to the large scale influx of
non-locals into the state, the population of the indigenous population would
soon be overtaken by the non-locals. In such a scenario the indigenous
traditions and culture would surely be affected.

He further urged the state government and the concerned Minister to consider the
issue seriously as the continued influx of foreigners and non-locals into the
state has adversely affected the demography of the state.

The MPP further said that the state MPs have failed to advocate state issues at
the Indian Parliament and further urged the MPs to take up issues like the ILP
before the Parliament.

Meanwhile reacting to the Agriculture Dept's assurance that the state is fully
prepared to face any drought, the MPP secretary, M Maniton said that the state
could be facing drought like situation in the near future and as such the
government should take up steps to meet any such situation.

Reacting to the Agriculture Dept's appeal to wait till mid-July for sufficient
rain in the state, he said there is no need to wait for that.

Instead of waiting the government should start preparation of meeting any
drought like situation in the state.

He also said that the party rejects the amount allocated in the agriculture
sector from the 2012-13 state budget.

The government should allocate a larger amount of the state Budget to the
agriculture sector in order to encourage a green revolution in the state, he
said. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Imphal Free Press. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Imphal Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday

Influx of international students eager for study and Southland jobs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 343 words


SCOT M ACKAY

AN INFLUX of international students to Invercargill in the past two weeks means
more competition for Southlanders seeking a job.

The Southern Institute of Technology held an orientation meeting in Invercargill
yesterday to welcome 50 international students to the region.

Institute employment officer Jody Thrupp said employment workshops would be held
for the students to cover everything from interviews to finding work,
eligibility and CVs.

The institute would provide them with the tools to get employed, but would not
find jobs for them, she said.

"We are going to do the best that we can . . . and will equip them with the
tools needed to apply for a job."

The influx of new students, many of whom have partners with them, will mean more
competition for Southlanders.

Jaspal Singh Lidder, whose wife is attending the institute, said he had been
looking for a job since arriving in Invercargill on August 22.

He was told by a friend, who had lived in Southland, that the job market was
tight and "if we find something you go hard for it", he said.

Most jobs he had seen were in the agriculture industry, so that was the likely
option for employment while his wife studied, he said.

Student Kanwaljit Kaur said she had moved to Southland with her husband, who was
also looking for work in the agriculture industry, but they both expected it to
be hard to find a job.

Institute business services manager Bharat Guha said the new students, who were
from Sri Lanka, India, Nepal and China, were studying a postgraduate diploma in
business enterprise and took the international student roll in Southland to just
more than 300.

The institute's goal was to get 900 international students spread across
campuses from Invercargill to Christchurch by 2015, he said.

scot.mackay@stl.co.nz

---------------

CAPTION:

Tell me more: From left, international student Kanwaljit Kaur and her husband,
Harpreet Singh Brar, receive an information pack from Southern Institute of
Technology international operations officer Debbie McDowall yesterday.

Picture: JOHN HAWKINS 624699220

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              May 29, 2006 Monday

YELLOW PAD;
Protecting rural livelihood and food security

BYLINE: Jessica Reyes-Cantos

SECTION: Pg. S1/5

LENGTH: 782 words


Hard work lies ahead for a group of developing countries called the G- 33 (now
numbering 45 countries). Led by Indonesia and the Philippines, the G-33 is
showing that unity among developing countries is significant in winning
concessions at the World Trade Organization (WTO).

The G-33 was able to formally put into the Agreement on Agriculture (AoA) a
provision that protects "special products" (SPs), or goods that are critical in
ensuring livelihood and food security and rural development. Further, the G-33
was able to obtain a "special safeguard mechanism" (SSM) should there be an
influx of imports by using either a price trigger or a volume trigger. The SSM
can take the form of raising tariffs beyond the bound rate or even imposing
quantitative restrictions against imports.

G-33 is a group of net agriculture-importing countries that likewise has a
population largely dependent on agriculture. Put together, the population of all
its members totals about 1.84 billion, or close to 30% of the world's total
number of people. Farmers from G-33 countries have become increasingly
marginalized due to trade liberalization, coupled with the influx of subsidized
agriculture imports from developed countries.

Multi-pronged battles

The SP and SSM can be viewed as a victory of sorts for developing countries in a
developed countries-dominated WTO negotiations. But as pointed out by
Agriculture Undersecretary Segfredo Serrano, who was at the forefront of the
agriculture negotiations for the G-33: "We might have won something for
agriculture, but WTO isn't just AoA."

Indeed it isn't. Certainly, we have to look at the entire ministerial
declaration. A lot of people are not happy with the outcome of the Non-
Agriculture Market Access (NAMA) governing industrial and fishery products as
well as the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS).

But there are some gains in the AoA, among others, that need to be protected and
strengthened. To that end, then, vigilance must remain the watchword of those
working for the interest of marginalized farmers and farm workers.

Never-ending threats

While the Hong Kong Declaration clearly spelled out that SPs must be
self-designated, guided by the criterion of food and livelihood security and
rural development, there are other interests that seek to erode this.

The United States, the European Union, Japan and Australia, and even developing
countries such as Malaysia and Thailand have put forward proposals that would
dilute the gains both in SP and SSM. Again, this is the classic case of
divide-and-rule tactics.

The US wants to limit the use of SSM against countries that are not party to a
bilateral or a regional trading arrangement. For instance, parties to the
Central American Free Trade Agreement (CAFTA) will not be able to use the SSM
against the US and will only use it against countries outside the agreement
(like Argentina and Brazil). As Luisa Bernal of South Centre (a Geneva-based
think tank) wrote, "This issue is not trivial; it poses systemic questions
regarding the relationship between the multilateral system and the large number
of bilateral and regional treaties coexisting with it." No wonder then that the
US is going out of its way to forge bilateral agreements with other countries.

On the other hand, Thailand and Malaysia have pushed for the use of indicators
falling outside the criteria of food and livelihood security and rural
development to advance their interest (rice for Thailand, palm oil for
Malaysia). In doing so, they sacrifice their own food security and rural
livelihood, should the SP and SSM intent and spirit be diluted.

CSOs in action

Civil society organizations (CSOs) around the world have joined and signed a
statement calling on both the Malaysian and Thai governments to maintain
solidarity with other developing countries in the ongoing AoA negotiations.

In the coming weeks, CSOs from different parts of Asia will have dialogues as
well as organize public manifestations outside the embassies of the US, Thailand
and Malaysia from different parts of Asia, to put pressure on these intransigent
countries. These actions are being given boosts of energy after African and
least developed countries supported the G-33's call for the preservation of the
spirit and intent of the SP and SSM in the AoA.

The Philippines has been at the forefront of the struggle for the SP and SSM.
Defending the SP and SSM is a battle that needs to be fought together with the
other peoples of the developing world.

Jessica Reyes-Cantos is a member of Action for Economic Reforms' (AER)
management collective, lead convener of the Rice Watch and Action Network and
chief of staff of Quezon Rep. Lorenzo R. Tanada III.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday

Influx of substandard farm machinery dims farmers' productivity

BYLINE: Josephine Okojie

LENGTH: 495  words


The Federal Government's aim of diversifying the economy through agriculture is
being threatened by the influx of substandard farm machines and farm tools.

The substandard machines and farm tools is reducing farmers' productivity, as
well as their capacity to expand cultivation areas, perform timely farming
operations and achieve economies of scale.

Despite the policy that requires that all agricultural equipment and machinery
imported into the country be certified and suitable for operations in Nigeria by
the National Centre for Agricultural Mechanization (NCAM) in Ilorin, influx of
substandard tractors continues to find its way into the Nigerian market.

Farmers have no choice than to purchase substandard farm machinery because of
their inability to purchase original farm machines, which have also encouraged
low level of agricultural mechanisation,' Damisa Enahoro, commercial manager,
tractor  and  implements, Dizengoff , West Africa,

Enahoro said it is important for the government to address the issue of
substandard farm machines by providing single digit loans to farmers and
ensuring that the appropriate agencies regulate these importations of farm
equipment.

He also said the influx of substandard equipment will result in the loss of
revenue due to low productivity, excessive down time and lack of technical
support.

The International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) reckons that Nigeria is
still at the early stage of agricultural mechanization, while its mechanisation
of power intensive operations has been slow.

There are many substandard tractors in the country,' said Elesa Yakubu, national
president, Tractors Owners and Operators Association of Nigeria (TOOAN).

Many state governments and individual farms and organisations are importing
inferior tractors and other equipment into Nigeria,' he said.

Yakubu stated that the country is wasting foreign exchange in the importation of
these tractors because the money cannot be justified, since farmers cannot use
it for a long period of time.

Nigeria is one of the least mechanised farming countries in the world with the
country's tractor density put at 0.025 hp/ hectare, which is far below FAO
recommended tractor density of 1.5 hp/ hectare for Africa and other developing
countries, according to data from the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO).

The substandard farm equipment is mostly the ones imported by state governments.
This puts farmers in debt because most of them took loans from financial
institutions to finance the purchase of these equipments,' said Afioluwa Mogaji,
chief executive officer, XRAY Farms.

In Nigeria, a significantly higher proportion of farming area is still
cultivated by hand tools. More than 70 percent of farm labour is provided by
human power; over 20 percent is provided with draft animal power and less than
10 percent by mechanical power.

According to analysts, for the country to achieve food sufficiency, mechanised
agriculture is the only option.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             April 28, 2008 Monday

Agriculture & dairy investment forum starts in Dubai today

LENGTH: 336 words


LAHORE (PR) - The second Middle-East Pakistan Agriculture & Dairy Investment
Forum will be held in Dubai on April 29 (today).

The forum is a series of two events, the first of which was held in Lahore in
November 2007. Tetra Pak Pakistan is the platinum sponsor of the event.

The forum is a follow-up road show for the Pakistan agri-dairy sector, whereas
the objective of the Lahore forum was to help consolidate and facilitate
agriculture and dairy investors, local partners and financiers in boosting
investment for value-added agriculture and dairy sectors

Expressing his views about these events, Azhar Ali Syed, MD of Tetra Pak
Pakistan highlighted the huge business opportunities in the area of providing
safe food to 165 million consumers in Pakistan, particularly in dairy and juice
products.

He drew the attention of investors to the fact that Pakistan produces and
consumes about 34b litres of milk annually; however, less than 5% is processed
and packed. During the last five years Tetra Pak Pakistan's dairy customers grew
more than 25% annually.

The growth rate, however, slowed down in 2007 to 10%. Consumer demand for safe
processed and packed milk remains high but the dairy processing industry is
finding it difficult to collect good quality milk at a reasonable cost since
there are over 14 million dairy farms with average herd sire of 3 heads.

"We believe that the dairy sector in Pakistan can benefit from an influx of
investment. Dairy farming practices and infrastructure are largely primitive and
backward leading to production inefficiencies resulting in lack of good quality
milk available to processors," Syed said.

"What is needed under these circumstances is an influx of financial, technical
and skilled human capital in all areas of the milk supply chain, especially in
mega dairy farms.

These farms can provide good quality milk, increased efficiency and a pool of
best practices for the industry. GDP per capita of Pakistan is growing. This is
the right time to invest," he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Conferences/Exhibitions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

EDITORIAL: Rural residents will have to learn to accept influx of dairies

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 435 words


Sept. 14--Weld County is the eighth largest agricultural producer in the nation.

That's why residents who live in rural areas of the county, for the most part,
are either involved in agriculture themselves or have learned to live with
agriculture producers around them.

We agree with the Weld County commissioners' decision last week to approve a
dairy near the intersection of Weld County roads 21 and 20 north of Fort Lupton.
But we also hope they will follow up on the permit to make sure the owner
complies with restrictions that will help mitigate the impact of the dairy on
nearby neighbors.

The 6,000-head dairy will be owned and operated by David Dehaan, who already
operates Front Range Dairy, a 4,000-head dairy located in the same vicinity as
the new dairy.

More than a dozen residents showed up at the commissioners meeting last week to
voice concerns about the dairy. Most were residents who live near the site and
are concerned about dust, odor, noise and traffic the new dairy could bring to
their area.

We certainly understand their concerns. This is a big dairy, and it certainly
won't go unnoticed by its neighbors.

But we also believe that this also smacks a little bit of "not in my backyard."
People who seek a rural lifestyle for its solitude and open space want to
maintain that as much as possible.

Much of the rural land in Weld County is zoned for agricultural use and much of
that is already in use or will be eventually. For rural residents to expect
anything different is maybe wishful thinking.

You can't move next to agricultural land and not expect it to be used to raise
food or animals.

This dairy is opening to provide milk specifically for Leprino Foods cheese
plant in Greeley, which is ramping up operations.

Leprino estimates that when the Greeley plant is fully operational -- sometime
in 2014 -- it will need 800,000 gallons of milk per day to make the cheese. This
will not be the last dairy to open or expand in Weld County. In fact, sometime
in 2013 the Dairy Farmers of America estimates there will be 20,000 more milking
cows in Weld County.

We do believe the county commissioners tried to address the concerns of
residents living near this dairy. The operator already has a good reputation for
running a clean dairy, and we have to believe this new facility will follow that
model.

Still, we hope county officials will follow up to make sure the dairy owner is
complying with the land use permit and being a good neighbor.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120914-GY-EDITORIAL-Rural-residents-will-have-to-learn-to-accept-
influx-of-dairies-20120914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              18 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Rural residents will have to learn to accept influx of dairies

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 435 words


Sept. 12--Weld County is the eighth largest agricultural producer in the nation.

That's why residents who live in rural areas of the county, for the most part,
are either involved in agriculture themselves or have learned to live with
agriculture producers around them.

We agree with the Weld County commissioners' decision last week to approve a
dairy near the intersection of Weld County roads 21 and 20 north of Fort Lupton.
But we also hope they will follow up on the permit to make sure the owner
complies with restrictions that will help mitigate the impact of the dairy on
nearby neighbors.

The 6,000-head dairy will be owned and operated by David Dehaan, who already
operates Front Range Dairy, a 4,000-head dairy located in the same vicinity as
the new dairy.

More than a dozen residents showed up at the commissioners meeting last week to
voice concerns about the dairy. Most were residents who live near the site and
are concerned about dust, odor, noise and traffic the new dairy could bring to
their area.

We certainly understand their concerns. This is a big dairy, and it certainly
won't go unnoticed by its neighbors.

But we also believe that this also smacks a little bit of "not in my backyard."
People who seek a rural lifestyle for its solitude and open space want to
maintain that as much as possible.

Much of the rural land in Weld County is zoned for agricultural use and much of
that is already in use or will be eventually. For rural residents to expect
anything different is maybe wishful thinking.

You can't move next to agricultural land and not expect it to be used to raise
food or animals.

This dairy is opening to provide milk specifically for Leprino Foods cheese
plant in Greeley, which is ramping up operations.

Leprino estimates that when the Greeley plant is fully operational -- sometime
in 2014 -- it will need 800,000 gallons of milk per day to make the cheese. This
will not be the last dairy to open or expand in Weld County. In fact, sometime
in 2013 the Dairy Farmers of America estimates there will be 20,000 more milking
cows in Weld County.

We do believe the county commissioners tried to address the concerns of
residents living near this dairy. The operator already has a good reputation for
running a clean dairy, and we have to believe this new facility will follow that
model.

Still, we hope county officials will follow up to make sure the dairy owner is
complying with the land use permit and being a good neighbor.

___ (c)2012 Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune (Greeley,
Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120912-GY-EDITORIAL-Rural-residents-will-have-to-learn-to-accept-
influx-of-dairies-20120912

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2012 Greeley Tribune


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Star of Mysore (India)

                          September 29, 2011 Thursday

RELENTLESS URBAN INFLUX

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: India


India, Sept. 29 -- The past two years have witnessed alternating rise and fall
in the fortunes of property developers and builders in many metropolises of the
land, notably Bangalore and Mumbai. Both these cities are living examples of the
worst kind of urban spaces making life a miserable experience for their
residents. However, what has not abated is the influx into these cities, with
more urban areas keeping company, including Mysore. The number of towns and
cities have nearly doubled in 20 years. This is borne out as analysts of data
generated during the 2011 census of India are disclosing details from their
findings.

According to analysts, for the first time ever, urban India added more people to
the land's population than its rural counterpart in the last 10 years. While
reaching the 833 million mark, rural India added 90 million to its 2001
population while the urbanities added 91 million to their number in the same
period. Given the current pace of urban influx in the land, citing the 70:30
ratio of rural to urban population has not only lost its meaning but is also
heading towards its reversal.

The administration has categorised the urban spaces as 'Statutory towns' and
'Census towns.' The former category comprises urban units with a Municipality,
Corporation, cantonment board or notified town area committee. The later
category includes former villages as the population of any one of them croses
the 5,000 mark; when the number of male workers in agriculture falls below 25 %
of the total and where the population density is not less than 400 per sq.km
(the land's average currently).

The foregoing understanding of towns and cities on the part of the powers that
be reflects the worrisome fact that male workforce in agriculture is fast
shrinking in virtually all villages. The number of dropouts from the fields is
also rising during successive decades. Do the land's intellectuals or the netas,
separately or together, have any action plan to arrest this trend? Both may have
various policies in their quivers, but the rural youth are not convinced. The
era of cultivators turning realtors has arrived.

Pejawar Swamiji, during his address while inaugurating this year's Dasara
yesterday called for avoiding taking away land from the farmers under duress.
But, the fact is that they are parting with their only means of livelihood due
to life's compulsions. But, urbanities don't seem to care less. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Star of Mysore. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Star Of Mysore
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               September 10, 2013

Govt Acts On Smuggled Edible Oils

BYLINE: James Kunda

LENGTH: 448 words


GOVERNMENT has with immediate effect put in place measures to curb the influx of
smuggled edible oils into the country, Commerce Trade and Industry Minister
Emmanuel Chenda has said.

Mr Chenda said as part of the measures, Government will from now on, closely
monitor the issuance of edible oils importation permits to avoid giving them to
unscrupolous importers.

He said in an interview yesterday in Ndola that, the trend has led to tax
evasion and loss of Government revenue.

Mr Chenda explained that some business entities unscrupulously smuggle edible
oils into the country using permits granted for the importation of refined oil,
a procedure in which Government did not charge excise duty.

He said this was where the loophole was and Government will ensure that it
sealed it to curb tax evasion.

Government would soon meet all the stakeholders from the Zambia National Farmers
Union (ZNFU), the Zambia Association of Manufacturers (ZAM), and the Zambia
Revenue Authority (ZRA), to ensure that the illegal importation of oils does not
go unchecked.

Mr Chenda said the illegal importation of palm oil which is produced cheaply in
the Far East, could also compromise growth of the local oil seed industry as
farmers may abandon the crop in the next farming season.

"Government will deal with these dishonest people smuggling edible oils and not
paying duty, because the influx of such products is making our locally made
products uncompetitive and this is threatening the capacity of our industry.

"So we'll soon meet with stakeholder's from the agriculture and manufacturing
sectors to find an end to this problem," he said.

"From the agriculture sector perspective, Government wants to promote crop
diversification which means we rely on other forms of farming other than the
growth of maize. We will encourage production of soya beans which is a key
ingredient especially in livestock feed manufacturing.

"From an industry point of view, Government is determined to stick primarily to
value addition by diverting from primary production to agro processing so that
Zambia climbs up the value chain, further enhancing job creation in the
manufacturing and processing sectors," Mr Chenda said.

Mr Chenda said the demand for oil seed products was high on the international
market and Government will support growth of soya beans locally for the country
to export the excess.

"Government will deal with smugglers of edible oils who were evading tax because
the influx of such products is making our locally made products uncompetitive
and this is threatening our industry's capacity.

"We will soon meet stakeholders from the agriculture and manufacturing sectors
to find an end to this problem," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Phnom Penh Post (Cambodia)

                            December 18, 2015 Friday

Industry largely bullish on AEC integration

BYLINE: Sor Chandara

LENGTH: 378  words


Government and business representatives continue to remain optimistic about
Cambodia's prospects after the ASEAN Economic Community integration next year,
saying that the Kingdom had upped production levels and strengthened quality
measures to remain competitive in the region.

Speaking at a workshop on the upcoming AEC integration in Phnom Penh, industry
leaders said the country was well-placed to take advantage of the expected
increase in capital and goods flows, however, there were still a few obstacles
to overcome.

We are in a good location - between Vietnam and Thailand - and we should take
this opportunity to facilitate trade across the region, said Commerce Minister
Sun Chanthol.

Despite this optimism, Chanthol said concerns over the high cost of energy,
infrastructure and logistics needed to be addressed to increase the Kingdom's
competitive edge.

Cambodian agriculture tycoon Mong Reththy said his company, Mong Reththy Group,
had ramped up its production levels and was ready to compete with the possible
influx of goods from other ASEAN member states.

We know that we will enter AEC and have increased both human resources and
finances in the agriculture sector.

He added that the group could increase its supply of palm oil, rubber, mango and
pork in the local markets to offset the influx of similar products from
neighbouring countries.

A presentation made by a Mong Reththy Group representative at the meeting
suggested the establishment of bilateral trade agreements by the Cambodian
government with ASEAN members to better take advantage of the new economic bloc.

Our suggestion to the government is to have more MoU agreements, as well as
provide us with low-interest funds to extend our productivity and produce more
value-added products, the representative said.

Keo Mom, CEO of LyLy Food, said she was worried that small- and medium-sized
enterprises (SMEs) were still ill-prepared to compete with ASEAN.

When production levels are low [in the case of SMEs] the costs are higher, and
we will need technology and financial assistance, she said.

She added that while product exports may not face tariff barriers post-AEC,
businesses here will have to overcome the quality barrier, given the stricter
standards and requirements of Vietnam and Malaysia.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Phnom Penh Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Chinese fruit dealers squeeze Thai traders out of market

LENGTH: 620  words


The Commerce Ministry is taking steps to improve law enforcement in
theagricultural sector to address the issue of nominees of foreign companies
infringing on local businesses protected by the Foreign Business Act (FBA).

The move comes in response to complaints from Thai business operators who
havefelt the pinch from the influx of foreign firms doing business protected by
the FBA.

These foreign firms doing business in Thailand typically use Thai nominees to
make it look like they are Thai-owned and operated.

In recent years Chinese traders have entered Thailand to operate fruit
wholesalingbusinesses in provinces such as Chanthaburi and Chiang Mai, which
produce fruits such as the durian and longan.

FRUIT FOR EXPORT ONLY

Sales of fruit to export markets is the only kind of business that foreign fruit
tradersare legally allowed to do in Thailand.

However, many foreign fruit traders sell products locally also, which is
prohibitedunder the 1999 Foreign Business Act (FBA).

Thailand exported 12.6 billion baht worth of fruit to China in 2014, up from
4.42 billion in 2007.

In Chanthaburi alone, there are about 100 fruit wholesale operations, but 60%
are owned by foreigners or have Thai people as nominee owners.

A number of foreigners also operate restaurants without obtaining permission
from the Commerce Ministry.

This has prompted the ministry to take measures to ensure the FBA is enforced.

Deputy Commerce Minister Suvit Maesincee also said Thailand would take into
account all related laws and regulations governing fruit and vegetable trading
-- such as the Foreign Business Act, the Price of Goods and Services Act and
agriculture-related acts -- to prevent traders with "unknown backgrounds and
sources" fromcontacting fruit farmers directly and handling their own business
instead of going through Thai brokers.

CHANTHABURI MODEL TO DEAL WITH INFLUX OF FOREIGN TRADERS

In a move to tackle the influx of foreign traders, mainly from China, who
talkdirectly to farmers at Thai orchards and export directly to China, the
Commerce Ministry yesterday launched the so-called "Chanthaburi model".

Under the scheme, Chinese traders who want to buy fruit directly from farmers in
Chanthaburi province are required to register with the Agriculture Department.
Theproduce they buy must pass good agricultural practice (GAP) standards.

The purchase contract also must be conducted in a manner fair to Thai farmers.

To buy and sell in the domestic market, they must first seek approval from
theCommerce Ministry, as the practice is regarded as retailing and wholesaling
in the annexes of List 3 (see below).

FREEING UP SOME BUSINESSES FOR FOREIGN COMPETITION

Thailand is on course to free up certain kinds of business for foreigners,
especially in those sectors where Thai operators are able to compete with
foreigners.

Some businesses listed on the annexes for List 3 of the FBA will be considered
forremoval.

Several public hearings have been held in recent months with operators in
sectorsthat are deemed ready for competition.

LIST 3 OF FOREIGN BUSINESS ACT (FBA)

List 3 is a group of businesses in which Thais are deemed not ready to compete
with foreigners.

Foreigners seeking to engage in List 3 activities are required to apply for and
obtain a special foreign business licence before beginning operations.

The government was considering allowing 10-11 sectors to have foreign
investment.

These sectors include leasing, loan finance, representative offices, regional
offices and businesses that operate as partners or under government contracts.

The government earlier agreed to liberalise foreign investment in four other
businesses: commercial banks, representative offices of foreign banks, life
insurance and non-life insurance.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Business Daily (Nairobi)

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday

Common Market Good for Farmers [opinion]

BYLINE: David Nalo

LENGTH: 462  words


Many analysts have in the recent times focused on interrogating whether Common
Market is good or bad to farmers (or producers) in general.

These analyses contain some facts, but in certain instances they miss the point,
primarily because of lack of appreciation of the implementation steps of the
Common Market Protocol on the one hand, as well as lack of knowledge of how
Common Markets work in general even in the most advanced integration regimes
like the European Union.

The Common Market Protocol which came into force on 1st July 2010 opened borders
of the Partner States.

The acknowledgement that cheap products from neighbouring countries can move
freely is a manifestation that the EAC Common Market is working.

The EAC Common Market will bear a lot more benefits in the long term to both the
producers, consumers, as well as traders in the five Partner States.

The Common Market has extended the boundaries of Kenya to entry and exit points
of the community, a region now comprising of more than 126 million people and
characterized with free movement of people, goods and services.

This large population gives both the producers and consumers alike a wide range
of commodities which hitherto were not available at the right prices.

Kenya is now able to grow maize seed and sell to this large market which may not
have been available due to previous restrictions in their various forms.

As the East African Community progressively integrates under the CMP, the
current scenario where particular regions of the country experience food surplus
due to improved weather and also as a result of influx of cereals from outside
the country as experienced in Trans Nzoia /West Kenya Region will definitely
change.

Such eventualities make the farmers to temporarily face difficulties in
disposing off their produce at better prices.

Our Ministry of Agriculture needs to make necessary adjustments in the
production systems geared towards reducing production costs.

The influx of cheaper cereals on the other hand is seen as a blessing to the
consumers and it will act as a catalyst to induce formulation policies to
cushion the farmers and adopt efficient technologies that are economical.

The changing trading regimes will render certain preset objectives to become
obsolete or inappropriate as economies grow and change.

The dynamism in the marketing landscape in the common market for East Africa
will offer alternative coping mechanisms to the farmers such as diversifying
from consumer grain production to contractual seed maize production for seed
companies which are struggling to meet the regional seed demand.

Other alternatives may include strengthening farmer capacity to value add their
produce through storage and processing.

The writer is EAC ministry permanent secretary.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 April 13, 2014

Grazing Reserves - Ecowas Must Intervene to Check Foreign Fulani Influx -
Mohammed

LENGTH: 746 words


Dr. Ahmed Mohammed, Executive Director, National Veterinary Research Institute
(NVRI), Vom, has asked ECOWAS to intervene so as to curtail the influx of
foreign herdsmen into Nigeria when cattle grazing reserves are established.

"Cattle routes and grazing fields would be mapped out if the grazing bill
becomes law, but the gains may not be much if the massive influx of herdsmen
from other West African nations is not checked," Mohammed told the News Agency
of Nigeria (NAN), in Jos on Saturday.

NAN reports that the grazing commission bill, currently before the senate, is
being considered as a solution to the constant clashes between farmers and
herdsmen.

Opponents of the bill have consistently argued that opening designated routes
and grazing lands would be dangerous since the number of herdsmen and heads of
cattle was yet unknown.

They argued that the goal of streamlining the activities of local herdsmen may
not be realized in view of Nigeria's porous borders that had made it possible
for herdsmen from many West African nations to just stroll into the country with
their cattle.

Mohammed, a veterinary expert, who reacted to this, said that Nigeria's 16 to 17
million cows could only get the required respite if ECOWAS intervened and
compelled its members like Mauritania, Chad, Niger, Burkina-Faso, Ghana and Mali
to similarly establish grazing reserves.

"The herdsmen take advantage of the ECOWAS Treaties allowing free movement and
free trade, to just enter into Nigeria anytime they want.

"If Nigeria establishes designated cattle routes and grazing fields for its
herdsmen, ECOWAS must force other nations to do same, otherwise the expected
gains could be neutralized. ECOWAS Commission has a livestock unit that can
handle that. "The River Niger comes through some of these countries, so it
should not be difficult for them to establish their reserves," he said.

He pointed out however, that the grazing reserves would be crucial to minimizing
the clashes as they would curtail the movement of the herdsmen since such
reserves would have all that the cattle and their owners wanted.

"We expect the grazing reserves to have dams, veterinary services, nomadic
schools, human medical facilities, and of course available grass, both natural
and artificial.

"The reserves will also have aerial surveillances to check against the rustling
of cattle," he said.

He recalled that Nigeria used to have such reserves, in collaboration with the
Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO), but lamented that the reserves
disappeared after FAO withdrew as farmers quickly took over the reserves.

Mohammed said that many herdsmen had expressed their desire for permanent
ranches and grazing lands, and observed that some had consistently moved their
herds through the main highways which, he said was dangerous.

"I have spoken with a lot of herdsmen and they have expressed a deep desire to
be settled; with the crises getting more fatal, many of them have minimized
their movements. Aside the clashes, there are rustlers and diseases. Herdsmen do
not want these."

On why foreign herdsmen troop into Nigeria, the NVRI boss said that Nigeria had
remained an attractive destination for herdsmen in West Africa because of its
weather, forests and vast market for those seeking to sell their cows.

He said that the traded cattle were usually taken to international cattle
markets located in Maiadua and Jibia in Katsina, Maigatari and Dambatta in
Jigawa, Kura in Kano, among many others.

Mohammed disclosed that most clashes were usually between farmers and foreign
herdsmen, pointing out that it was such foreign herdsmen that graze deep into
the night and could be hostile when approached by anyone.

"No Nigerian herdsman graze into the night, but the foreign ones do, and it is
during the night that crops could be destroyed because cattle control is usually
more difficult at that time."

He said that it was not difficult to identify the foreign herdsmen as they
usually move with a large number of cattle, as well as huge sheep and goats
equally in very large numbers.

The expert said that Nigeria had the capacity to cater for its cattle if many
idle forests and open fields were reserved as grazing areas and grass grown on
the fields to feed the nation's livestock.

Mohammed urged stakeholders to take adequate measures toward halting the
herdsmen/farmers' clashes, pointing out the two were critical to Nigeria's
economy and deserved every special attention that could be paid to them. NAN)

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Plymouth Herald

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Migrants may have to fill city job vacancies

BYLINE: WILLIAM TELFORD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 486 words


EMPLOYERS are likely to be recruiting in 2014 but many of the jobs may have to
be filled by migrant workers, a city jobs expert says.

Chris Leonard, managing director of innovative employment centre Mego, said jobs
are likely to be created in sectors such as manufacturing, food production and
agriculture, in and around Plymouth.

But he said employers are already struggling to fill vacancies, and therefore
expects migrants to take many of the jobs.

His comments come in the week after restrictions on Romanian and Bulgarian
migrants arriving in the UK were lifted.

"There are lots of jobs out there and many employers are struggling to find
enough people at the right time," Mr Leonard said. "And when it comes to
unskilled jobs, they are still finding it hard to find people who will do those
jobs, especially in the lower-wage end.

"We are still finding it hard to recruit people for manufacturing, agriculture
and food production and as the economy improves more jobs will be available so
that situation will get worse. "I can see several sectors in the employment
market will benefit from an influx of Bulgarian and Romanian workers, that's if
such an influx happens. "The only thing that will change that is if indigenous
people take up, and hold down, lowerlevel unskilled jobs."

Immigration from Eastern Europe has been a contentious issue for some years, and
a British Social Attitudes survey this week revealed most Britons want it
stemmed.

Mr Leonard doesn't think the number of Bulgarians and Romanians arriving will
match those from countries such as the Czech Republic during the past decade.

But he said jobs in Plymouth lie unfilled because of the "attitude" of
indigenous workers, and the types of jobs they are prepared to do.

Bretonside-based Mego provides individuals with tailored services to improve
their jobhunting skills and help them get hired, and works with employers to
fill vacancies.

"Our objective is to work with people to demonstrate it's better to get into
work, which then changes their attitude, making them reliable and dependable
employees.

"We are hoping to change people's mindset." Mego only opened in November
following a £50,000 investment in its Plymouth base.

Mr Leonard said that at any time there are about 2,000 vacancies in Plymouth,
but there are up to 20,000 "under-employed" people, much higher than the
official unemployment figure.

He said Mego's role is to "narrow the gap" between prospective employers and
employees, helping people become job-ready and employers find the right staff.

Mr Leonard said Mego, which employs four people in Plymouth, had been very busy
and added: "People started coming in on day one and the number has increased
week on week.

"We are seeing between 50 and 100 people a week. "We thought we'd make an
impact, but we've made a bigger one than expected, and more quickly." Mego now
plans to open employment centres in Exeter and Bristol this year.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mego's Chris Leonard says employers are struggling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PLH


                       Copyright 2014 The Plymouth Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

DA sets aside higher subsidy for hog raising

BYLINE: BY JAMES KONSTANTIN GALVEZ

LENGTH: 323 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

THE Department of Agriculture (DA) over the weekend committed more government
subsidies to local hog raisers to ensure food security amid a spike in the price
of feeds and an influx of imported meat and meat products.

Agriculture Secretary Proceso Alcala made the commitment during the 2011 Pig
Summit at the Water Front Hotel in Cebu City, which was attended by more than
100 hog raisers from Central Visayas, and other industry stakeholders.

In his speech, Alcala said the agency will consider a program to provide small
hog raisers with subsidized vaccines, and other veterinary, technical and
logistics support. The department also would encourage big commercial raisers to
link with corn farmers to ensure enough feed supply.

Alcala said the department would promote production of yellow corn in the region
to counter the rising price of feeds.

The DA chief said farmers and other farm stakeholders should come up with their
proposal for a national swine industry roadmap, adding that swine and poultry
raisers should seize the country's comparative advantage of being free from the
dreaded avian flu and foot-and-mouth disease (FMD).

He asked summit participants to identify their representatives who will meet
with DA Assistant Secretary Davinio Catbagan in identifying major industry
problems, coming up with possible solutions and timelines.

Alcala said Catbagan would coordinate with big commercial hog raisers and their
respective associations so they could make proper representations with the
Senate and Congress in drafting proposed legislation against technical smuggling
of pork, chicken and other meat products.

"They can also seek the opinion of the Department of Justice on the matter," he
said.

Alcala told local swine producers that Administrative Order No. 22, which aims
to regulate the influx of contaminated meat products - especially frozen meat,
would remain.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 18, 2015 Monday

Caroline board stops influx of big cats

BYLINE: Dawnthea Price, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 768 words


May 18--When Mary Fineberg was looking for a Virginia residence in 2013, she had
a few requirements for her new home: It had to be within reasonable commuting
distance of her contractor job in Springfield--and it had to permit her to bring
along two exotic monkeys and a cougar.

But because of an emergency ordinance passed on May 12 by the Caroline County
Board of Supervisors, Fineberg and her partner, Sammy Johns Jr., must uproot
Andrea, Delilah and Czar once more, as well as halt their plans to bring in an
additional six big cats and two zookeepers.

During their May 12 meeting, the supervisors unanimously passed an emergency
ordinance prohibiting the keeping of animals defined as "dangerous, wild, exotic
or vicious," excepting traveling exhibitions and zoological parks.

There is a 45-day window for the removal of any such animals owned by county
residents.

The ordinance, which will expire in its current form on July 11, is based on a
similar provision in Fairfax County and will act as a placeholder while Caroline
enacts a permanent ordinance.

It also halts Fineberg's plans to add two cougars, two lynx cats, one Geoffroy's
cat and a tiger.

Fineberg, who has the appropriate permits from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Virginia Department of Game and Inland Fisheries, said the
additional cats--and two qualified zookeepers--were coming to build up her
nonprofit organization, PEACE Fam.

PEACE Fam's mission, according to its website, aims to, "bring people together
to enhance appreciation and understanding of each other, of wildlife
conservation, and of the Earth's natural resources."

At the meeting, several residents living adjacent to Fineberg and Johns attended
the meeting to share their own experiences and fears with the supervisors.

Several hadn't known about the plans for additional cats until new enclosures
began to appear in their neighbors' backyard.

"I can't protect myself against a Bengal tiger," neighbor Carol Quiggle said.
"This is a clear and present danger, this is completely beyond what is
tolerable. I'm asking you for your help to protect us."

Neighbor Sally Calabro, who operates the horse farm Alezan Acres on about 30
acres west of Fineberg's property, said the "alarming" situation had blindsided
her and other neighbors.

"Could it get loose? I ask you--we need your help," Calabro said at the meeting.
"Nobody's regulating them now, and now we're talking about getting six more."

The neighbors were joined by Matthew Gray, state director of the Humane Society
of the United States, and by animal control Sgt. J.C. Heffler of the Caroline
County Sheriff's Office.

Sheriff Tony Lippa also spoke to the supervisors, outlining his own experience
with exotic animals in law enforcement.

Lippa told supervisors that Caroline did not have the resources that could be
necessary in a worst-case scenario, then recalled a 2011 incident in Zanesville,
Ohio, in which a zookeeper released dozens of exotic animals he had been caring
for before committing suicide.

"If they had animals, and if they got free, who do you think's going to go get
them?" he asked. "It's our animal control and our deputies."

Madison District Supervisor Wayne Acors said the ordinance was not to single out
Fineberg and Johns, but did call attention to an issue that Caroline hadn't
regulated, beyond prohibiting poisonous snakes.

"I think that the concern was, according to the Sheriff's Department, the pens
that they were building for these cats," he said, "would certainly not be strong
enough to hold the cats if they really wanted to get out."

Fineberg told supervisors that it wasn't fair for all exotic animal owners to be
penalized for what happened in Ohio.

Later, she said there is a lot of misinformation about owning such animals.

"I guess each case is different, but I am in favor of exotic animal ownership,"
she said. "As long as the animals are humanely kept and loved and that people
abide by the rules, as I've been doing."

Though the board's decision made her sad, Fineberg said she bore no animosity
toward the supervisors or her neighbors. Instead, she said she is focusing on
finding new, legal accommodations for the animals under her care.

But she still wishes the meeting had gone differently.

"I think that, if they had all the facts and knew all the safety measures that
were going to be taken," Fineberg said, "they would be more comfortable."

Dawnthea Price: 540.374-5403

dprice@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2015 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150518-FB-Caroline-board-stops-influx-of-big-cats-0518-20150518

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2015 The Free Lance-Star


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Jordan's agricultural exports drop by 25% due to Syrian crisis - report

LENGTH: 615  words


by Khetam Malkawi |

Jul 09, 2014

|

23:02


Updated:
Jul 09, 2014 |

23:02

AMMAN - The Syrian crisis and the influx of refugees to Jordan have disrupted
agriculture and food trade, leading to losses in exports to the neighbouring
country, according to an international report.

The UNDP-ODI report, titled "Towards a resilience-based response to the Syrian
refugee crisis", said the crisis led to a 25 per cent decrease in Jordan's
agricultural exports to Syria and a 30 per cent decline in agricultural imports,
thereby affecting farmers and traders.

Launched on Tuesday, the study said the vast majority of Syrian refugees (97 per
cent) have gone to countries in the surrounding region. They are spread amongst
Lebanon (38 per cent), Turkey (25 per cent), Jordan (23 per cent), Iraq (9 per
cent) and Egypt (5 per cent).

Public finances in Jordan and Lebanon were structurally weak prior to the
crisis, affecting their capacity to deal with the negative fiscal impacts of the
combined shocks, the UNDP said.

The influx of refugees, according to the report led to two shocks.

In Jordan, the first shock is demographic, due to the influx of the refugees,
and has resulted in fiscal impacts such as increased government expenditures,
increased subsidy costs and an increased budget deficit, according to the
report.

The second shock is economic.

"Commerce with Syria has been cut dramatically, affecting the economies of
neighbouring countries and also individuals who turned to Syria as a source of
employment, goods and services," the report said.

The fiscal impact of the crisis on the Kingdom's education, health, electricity
and water sectors exceeded $850 million in just two years (2012-2013), it added.



Moreover, Jordan has responded to the fiscal shortfall by making cuts in
essential subsidies needed for the welfare of poor and vulnerable households,
according to a UNDP statement issued with the report.

In Jordan there are more than 600,000 Syrian refugees, with 80 per cent of them
residing in host communities, adding more pressure to the country's resources.

Earlier this month, the UNHCR and the government called on the international
community to step up assistance to enable Jordan to deal with the impact of the
crisis.

The UNHCR said it has received only 40 per cent of the funds needed until the
end of the year to continue providing services for Syrians.

According to UNHCR Representative to Jordan Andrew Harper, the funds received so
far might be enough until August, as there is a $600 million shortfall in the $1
billion that the UN agency requested for the year.

"We are concerned that funding is not going at the same pace as the number of
refugees is increasing," Harper said last week at a joint press conference with
Planning Minister Ibrahim Saif.

Saif said Jordan is committed to continuing hosting Syrian refugees, but with a
lack of funds, the country can "only... provide the minimum help".

He added that Jordan "can't sustain the same level of services" as "we have our
economic worries and issues that are increasing with hosting the refugees".

Commenting on the resilience report, Gustavo Gonzalez, UNDP sub-regional
development coordinator for the Syria crisis, warned of tensions between Syrian
refugees and host communities.

"There is a dark side to the crisis, represented by the still silent tensions
between Syrian refugees and their host populations competing for resources and
livelihoods," he said.

"The crisis therefore cannot be purely handled with humanitarian assistance. A
resilience-based approach that complements humanitarian efforts is very much
needed to address, for instance, social cohesion issues," the UN official said
in a statement sent to The Jordan Times.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2014 The Jordan Times.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                National Mirror

                              May 27, 2016 Friday

Unbridled substandard goods' influx risky to Nigeria's economy -SON

LENGTH: 1382  words

DATELINE: Lagos


Lagos, May 27 -- About two months of assumption of office, Acting Director
General of Standards Organisation of Nigeria, SON, Dr. Paul Angya, has
identified two major challenges in the agency's responsibility of regulating
standards of manufactured goods in the country. Shortly after the Ministerial
Retreat in Onne, the agency's helmsman engaged journalists in an interactive
session on sundry issues affecting fulfillment of the agency's mandate and the
way forward. FRANCIS EZEM, reports.

What new programmes is SON coming up with in terms of standards regulations to
halt the influx of substandard goods into the country? Standards have been there
but recently we have been faced with particular challenges, especially in the
drive for finding alternative to crude oil. The country is looking at
agriculture and agro-allied products in order to diversify the economy because
as you all know, manufacturing is at its lowest ebb, being on a decline because
of the influx of cheap and substandard products, which now more severe with the
issue of foreign exchange. We are not looking at manufacturing but our strength
is in agriculture and agro-allied products but then, recently we had issues with
the beans that was rejected by the European Union and sundry other agro-allied
products. So what we have done lately during my time is to develop standards.
First and foremost we identified priority products and those are agric and
agro-allied products. We identified them looking at products such as beans,
rice, cocoa, melon, about 10 of them and we developed standards and codes of
practice for these products, from farm to table. This covers soil preparation,
soil composition, what kinds of pesticide, fumigation, seed improvement,
harvesting, packaging storage, and even labeling etc.

What about testing? We have also strengthened our capacity for laboratory
testing and certification of these products. The situation we have is that these
products are not tested in the countries of export, it is only when they get
there that they are tested and we do not have control over that because we do
not have much of the facilities to do testing in Nigeria. These are what we call
quality infrastructure. The testing laboratory is one of the major components of
the National Quality Infrastructure, So when you have accredited laboratories,
you can have these products tested and certified using the paramatres and
standards of the importing country. There are only two of such laboratories in
Nigeria, SON has one and the National Agency, Food, Drug Administration and
Control NAFDAC has one for testing food products. We are also currently
developing a large laboratory complex at Ogba, Lagos, which is over 85 per cent
completed. When it is fully completed and furnished, we will be able to test the
standard parameter of all foods and food products so that the facilities would
be available for products coming from Nigeria. We have also conducted trainings.
Our members of staff have been trained over the last two months in these codes
of practice and agricultural practices. Farmers are being trtained on these
codes of practice. The traders are also trained in storage, fumigation
warehousing and preservation of these food products so that they do not get
contaminated. It will reduce the incidences of rejection to boost agricultural
exports and therefore attract substantial foreign exchange for the nation as an
alternative to crude oil.

What are you doing about the influx of substandard imports? You know the
consequences of sub-standard products on the national economy and on the people.
So these are all issues our codes of practice and standards are meant to check.
We have also recommended to the Federal Government to develop agricultural
policies that will account for these challenges that we have identified through
our standards review. Generally we are also combating the influx of substandard
products and other attendants problems such as unemployment occasioned by the
closure of industries, capital flight arising from the importation of products
that do not have any value, by so doing we exchange hard currency for valueless
products and some of these products are generating a lot of problems in terms of
electronic waste; some of the electronic -electrical products, discharge certain
chemicals in the environment. All these refrigerators, computers, such products
that if you cannot use them, there is nothing you can do about them. Some of
them discharge mercury into the environment and all kinds of challenges
associated with the importation of substandard products. We are doing our best
but we are facing major challenges.

Talking about challenges, the Federal Government directed SON and a few other
agencies to leave the seaports in 2013. Stakeholders believe that this has
worsened the influx of sub-standard goods. Is anything being done to reverse
this? After many evaluations, we have identified two categories of challenges.
One is that of strategic positioning and that is the issue of the ports because
the seaports are the biggest entry points of products into the country and they
are also the most strategic entry points where you can check the quality of
products coming into Nigeria. The agency is also allowed by law to operate at
the seaports but the last government in its wisdom decided to expel SON and the
reason they gave was that the processing of cargo at the seaports was being
hampered by the regulatory agencies and so the need for quick turnaround of
ships was seen to override quality at that time.

The consequences of expelling SON from the seaport is what we are seeing now
where the country is over-flooded like a running sea with substandard products.
Consequently, industries have shutdown, job losses, capital flight arising from
importation of sub-standard products that have no value etc. In view of these
consequences, I think those reasons are no longer tenable, additionally by 2016,
the operating environment has changed. Processing of cargo has gone digital,
online and so there is no reason to say that SON will hamper the clearance of
products because apart from when Customs physically evaluate the imports for
tariffs, SON can also take a cursory look at the products and if on the face
value the product appears not to be good, it can be lifted out of the port for
proper quality evaluation. So every other thing is done online, offsite. The
argument that SON will slow down clearance process is therefore no longer
tenable. Even if it were, the attendant economic issues that have trailed its
expulsion from the ports far outweigh the trade consideration. What is the
purpose of trade? Trade is not an end in itself, it is for the benefit and
edification of the society. So I think it is high time the government reviewed
that policy so that we can return to the ports and reverse the trend of massive
influx of cheap and substandard products into the country that have harmed our
health, economy and even agriculture that is hampered by environmental
degradation.

The second challenge is personnel, insufficient manpower because after you shut
us out of the seaports and you expect us to go round the country and enforce
quality and standards, what is the number of personnel that we have to do this
job? The whole staff strength of SON is about 1,600 as we speak today and we are
expected to deliver quality assurance to 170 million Nigerians and still
counting in a geographical region of over 5,000 square kilometers. Officially
the Nigeria Customs Service has identified about 400 land borders and for both
efficiency and security reasons, you cannot have one man only manning a border
post, you need at least five people, where everything is normal and digitalised
so we need about 2,000 people just to man the borders alone and we have 36
offices in 36 states of the federation you need 20- 30 workers for a state from
the head of the office to chemicals, textiles, foods and Engineering etc so that
they check the different sectors where we work. So we have a staff strength that
is grossly inadequate.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from National Mirror. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Meghalaya Times (India)

                           January 21, 2017 Saturday

Meghalaya's indigenous population witnessing healthy growth

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: SHILLONG


SHILLONG, Jan. 21 -- The indigenous population of Meghalaya has increased by 5
percent in the past 40 years as was stated by the Chief Secretary, KS Kropha on
Saturday who drew attention to the effect that the government's efforts to curb
infiltration and influx has had in this regard.

Speaking at the 45th Meghalaya Day celebration held in the city here, Kropha
said that the state's population has grown from 10,11,699 in 1971 to 29,66,889
in 2011.

"What is more significant is that the ratio of the indigenous tribal population
has increased from 80.48% in1971 to 86.15% in 2011. This would suggest that the
measures taken to tackle the issue of infiltration or influx have proved to be
effective," he claimed.

His statement also came at a time when there is a loud demand from anti-influx
activists for implementation of the comprehensive mechanism to curb inflow of
illegal immigration and influx into the state.

Highlighting on the achievements of the state since 1972, when it became a
full-fledged state, Kropha said gross state domestic product (GSDP) at constant
prices were Rs 3,237 crore in 1980-81, which increased to Rs 19,909 crore in
2014-15.

Claiming that the state has made rapid strikes on all fronts over the four
decades, he said that literacy has improved from a low figure of 29.49% in 1971
to 74.43% in 2011.

He said the road length has increased from 3,024 kms in 1971 to 9,666 kms in
2014-15 adding the road density has also gone up from 13.48 kms to 43.1 kms
during the same period.

According to him, the number of vehicles registered also increased from 3,754 in
1971 to 2, 56,943 in 2014-15.

On the agricultural sector, the chief secretary said the agriculture production
has recorded significant improvement as he informed that food grains production
rose from 1,18,140 tonnes in 1971-72 to 3,53,502 tonnes in 2014-15.

"Productivity also registered significant improvement where average yield per
hectare of food grain crops rose from 1,054 kgs in 1071-72 to 2,530 kgs in
2014-15," he added.

Stating that it is endeavour of the state to achieve 100% electrification
without any delay, Kropha said we have made huge strides in this, and compared
to 77 villages electrified in 1976-77, 6,098 villages were electrified till
2015-16.

He further pointed out on the significant increase in the number of the
educational and health institutions. Education institutions rose from 3,210 in
1972 to 12,257 in 2014-15, whereas the health institutions rose from only 83 in
1977 to 163 in 2015-16, he said.

He added the students enrolled in the schools rose from 2,16,552 in 1971-72 to
9,63,602 in 2014-15 and the number of school teachers rose from 6,501 to 53,117
during the same period.

Further informing that the banking infrastructure had expanded significantly, he
said there were only 17 bank branches in 1972, which became 294 branches in
2015.

"Deposits with the banks rose from a meager Rs 14.3 crore in 1972 to 16,643
crore in 2015 and the credit advanced rose from Rs 16.1 crore in 1982 to Rs
4,308 as on March 2015," he added.

Stating that tourism has become big draw for the state, he said there has been a
big jump in the tourist footfall, both foreign and domestic.

The foreign tourists increased from 185 in 1972 to 8,664 in 2015 while the
domestic tourists rose from 2,983 to 7,17,789 during the same period, he said
while asserting that it has the potential to become the major source of
employment and income generation for the state.

"By no measure, this record of performance over this short period could or
should be seen as mean achievements," Kropha said adding "We must learn to take
pride in what we have done and achieved, and also to gear up to do even better
in times to come."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Meghalaya Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Meghalaya Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (Nigeria)

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

No influx of Boko Haram insurgents in Taraba - CP

BYLINE: Our Reporter

LENGTH: 437 words


The Police in Taraba on Tuesday dismissed speculations of an influx of Boko
Haram insurgents into the state. The Commissioner of Police in the state, Alhaji
Shaba Alkali, made this known to newsmen in Jalingo. "There have been reports
that Taraba has witnessed an influx of Boko Haram in the past three weeks. I
want [...]

The Police in Taraba on Tuesday dismissed speculations of an influx of Boko
Haram insurgents into the state.
The Commissioner of Police in the state, Alhaji Shaba Alkali, made this known to
newsmen in Jalingo.
"There have been reports that Taraba has witnessed an influx of Boko Haram in
the past three weeks. I want to state that the reports are not true," Alkali
said.
The commissioner explained that those coming into the state were job seekers and
displaced persons running away from trouble areas of Borno, Gombe, Yobe and
Adamawa states.
According to Alkali, most of those coming into the state are Taraba indigenes
resident in the affected states.
"A truck conveying more than 50 persons, including women and children, recently
intercepted by the police in Jalingo was not transporting Boko Haram members.
"After screening them, we discovered that more than 90 per cent of them were
indigenes of Taraba returning to the state," said the police chief.
However, he revealed that the police was aware of plans by some politicians to
recruit mercenaries.
"We also have reports of people purchasing arms to disrupt the forthcoming
re-run election for State and National Assembly elections in about 48 polling
units across four local government areas of the state.
"We want to warn that the police would deal decisively with anybody, no matter
how highly placed, if he or she is found to be fomenting trouble during the
exercise," Alkali warned.
The commissioner said that the command had cracked down a gang of armed robbery
suspects, car snatchers and receivers that had constituted security nuisance
over time.
Police investigation revealed the gang recently broke into the house of the
state Commissioner for Agriculture, Mr David Ishaya, and made away with his
official car and other valuables, which were later traced and recovered in Yola,
Adamawa.
Alkali said that the stolen Toyota Camry 2016 model, valued at N7.5 million, was
sold to a receiver in Adamawa, at the cost of N800,000.
The receiver, in turn, conveyed the car to Garwa in the neighbouring Cameroon
Republic, where he sold the same car for N1.5 million.
The commissioner assured residents of the state that the command was working
round the clock to ensure the safety of lives and property of citizens, and
called for support from all. (NAN)

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1228


                   Copyright 2016 The Sun Publishing Limited
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              June 17, 2011 Friday

Organics: The natural way to keep 'em down on the farm

BYLINE: sabrina Doyle telegraph-journal

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 512  words


The face of farming is getting younger.

With the traditional, family-owned farm continuing on a steady decline as
farmers age and find it increasingly difficult to convince younger generations
to take over, observers have noticed a surprising trend: Twentysomethings are
jumping eagerly into the field.

As young people learn about the chemicals used to grow produce for mass
consumption, more of them are starting organic farms, says Beth McMahon,
executive director of the Atlantic Canadian Organic Regional Network, or ACORN,
and has been tracking the shift.

She said that at the ACORN organics conference in March, approximately 40 per
cent of participants were under 30 years of age. A few years ago, there were
just a handful of eager individuals, she said.

Mike Hadfield was one of those early few. When he and his two buddies - Luke
McLean and Katherine McCord - decided to start an organic farm in 2006, they
were all between 21 and 22 years old. As they grew their quarter-acre plot of
land in Bayfield into the sustainable farming operation it is today, Hadfield
said they've also noted more organic farms popping up around the province.

According to the 2006 census, New Brunswick lost 257 farms in the space of five
years. In the same period, the number of certified organic farms increased by 68
per cent.

"Farmers have said to their kids, 'Don't go into farming! Run! Get a real
job!'," McMahon said.

But these new entrepreneurial enthusiasts, many with little background in
farming, mean an influx of fresh perspectives and approaches to the field, she
said. They are exploring new strategies such as agricultural tourism and social
media as a marketing tool.

"The face of agriculture is changing," Hadfield said.

For a province in which the average farmer is almost 60 years old and often
"stuck in their ways," organic farmer Jesse Vergen said, "it's really a
renaissance."

Vergen, 32, runs a successful, 14-acre organic vegetable farm in Quispamsis with
his wife. He supplies a variety of Saint John restaurants, including the Saint
John Ale House (where he is executive chef) and the Smoking Pig Real BBQ, which
he owns. He is proof there is a market for the produce grown by young organic
farmers. But he cautions that it is in no way a "get rich quick" business.

"It's a lot of hard work," he said.

Claude Berthélémé is an organic development specialist at the New Brunswick
Department of Agriculture, Aquaculture and Fisheries. She said she thinks the
influx of young people will be a positive renewal for New Brunswick.

"It's not a fad, it's not for hippies, it's something real," McMahon said, and
it's not only spreading in the province, but also across Canada and the world.

Still, notable growth aside, organic farms make up only approximately 1.5 per
cent of New Brunswick's agricultural land, McMahon said. The ratio of organic to
non-organic farms is similarly polarized.

"It's a tiny drop in the bucket ... but it's growing," she said.

According to Berthélémé, there are about 45 certified organic producing farms in
New Brunswick and another 12 processors.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Dutch mission assesses water projects

BYLINE: James Haines-Young And Victoria Yan

LENGTH: 529 words


A team of Dutch water management experts concluded a weeklong fact-finding
mission to Lebanon Friday to find and assess potential projects to improve
management of the vital commodity.

BEIRUT: A team of Dutch water management experts concluded a weeklong
fact-finding mission to Lebanon Friday to find and assess potential projects to
improve management of the vital commodity. "We have a very strong practice in
both water and agriculture, so we feel that there is room for us to offer
development in Lebanon," mission head Winfried Pietersen told The Daily Star.

The delegation came as one of the first steps in an 86 million euro ($96
million) Dutch aid package for Lebanon, of which 15 million will be allocated to
improving water resource management and agricultural practices.

"Recent developments such as demographic growth and the influx of the Syrian
refugees have increased the demand for water by 12 percent," Dutch Ambassador
Hester M.J. Somsen said at a recent conference organized by the Food and
Agriculture Organization and UNESCO, titled "Water Scarcity and Possible
Solutions in the Litani River Basin."

There are many NGOs and embassies in Lebanon working on water projects, as the
sector is poorly managed and plagued by aging infrastructure. Since the start of
the Syrian crisis in 2011, the influx of refugees has placed additional pressure
on water authorities nationwide.

However, the Dutch delegation insists that their long history in water
management gives them the ability to plug gaps in the existing aid framework.

"Water is in our DNA; 55 percent of our country is at or below sea level. We
have a long tradition in building resources and capacity with water," Pietersen
said.

This vast experience has made the Dutch world leaders in water management, and
it is this high level of knowledge and technology that the delegation would like
to bring to bear on Lebanon's water troubles.

Data, they say, is crucial. Measurement of the current situation can expose
areas that need to be addressed. Furthermore, there is an immense lack of
information on water due to immaturity in the sector and issues of
accessibility.

The team said that one positive is that there isn't a pressing need to assist
the government in drafting legislative frameworks, as they say Lebanon already
has sound plans for improving water management.

The largest issue is simply implementation. Here too, the knowledge exists,
though much of it is in the private sector. "In Lebanon there is a scarcity, and
with the additional refugee crisis, there is more of a burden on the
infrastructure that is already almost nonexistent. Regardless, water is a
resource that should be made available to everyone - to refugees and local
communities. There is a lot of work to do, and we can make a difference," said
Marc Zeenny, the economic and commercial attache at the Dutch Embassy.

The fact-finding mission will now return home and draw up proposals for
projects, but the embassy in Beirut insists that things will move quickly.

"We also hope that two years are enough to implement these systems and train the
water establishment staff on how to use [Dutch technologies] properly," Zeenny
added.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2016 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

'Brexit' would leave householders facing massive hike in food prices - UFU
deputy president warns of 'at least 30 per cent' rise if north loses EU
subsidies

BYLINE: John Manley, Political Correspondent, j.manley@irishnews.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 271 words


Householders have been warned to brace themselves for a massive hike in food
prices should the UK leave the EU.

The future leader of the north's biggest farming union said food costs would
rise by "at least 30 per cent" if the region did not benefit from £330m of EU
subsidies every year.

Ulster Farmers Union (UFU) deputy president Ivor Ferguson also voiced concern
that a Brexit would signal an influx of imported beef contaminated with growth
hormones and poultry cleaned using chlorine.

He added that leaving Europe would be a "step into the darkness".

The Co Armagh farmer's remarks are the clearest indication yet that the north's
agriculture sector supports continued EU membership.

The UFU has yet to indicate whether it supports withdrawal from Europe and
risking the curtailment of more than £300m-a-year in farm subsidies.

As well as concerns over funding, other negative impacts from EU withdrawal have
been highlighted by the UFU leader at a recent Institute for Cross-Border
Studies conference in Dundalk included the tightening of north-south trade
controls an influx of poor quality meat from the United States and South
America.

Mr Ferguson also claimed agrifood companies would be unlikely to invest in the
north without access to the Single European Market.

"Although farmers have many questions, overall the EU has served us very well in
the farming community," Mr Ferguson, said.

His comments are unlikely to make comfortable reading for the eurosceptic DUP,
which has long cast itself as a champion of the north's agriculture industry.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has said her party will recommend voting for an EU
exit.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                  May 10, 2016

Mumbwa Agro Business Booms

LENGTH: 602 words


MUMBWA District has in recent times been transformed into a fast growing town
with massive development taking place.

The influx of both commercial and emerging small scale farmers is enough to
suggest the route which the district is taking.

My recent visit to the area in more than 20 years dispelled assertions from
individuals that Mumbwa is a rural dwelling town.

The small scale farmers are forming corperatives so as to make it easy for them
to access farming inputs from the Government under Farm Input Support Programme
( FISP)

The agriculture activities in the area among the small scale farmers indicate
the seriousness that farmers have of upgrading the standard of living among
themselves

The introduction of e-voucher system by the Government to make it efficient for
farmers to access farming inputs on time is another score by the State to
improve agriculture in the area among the small scale framers.

I finished my secondary education at Mumbwa Secondary School years back and
comparing the Mumbwa of yester-year to this period, the difference is visible.

At that time there was only Lacienda hotel but today lodging places are spread
across the town.

The construction industry which provides entrepreneurism to
bricklayers,plumbers,electricians is there to see through the construction of
personal houses and other infrastructure.

This has also made it possible for people to migrate to this area, giving an
opportunity to individuals to run other businesses' in Mumbwa.

The vision that the Government has of diversifying from copper production to
agriculture as the main stay of the economy, could be seen in becoming a reality
when one looks at the activities taking place in this area.

Mumbwa district which lies in geographic description of the maize belt region
has seen farmers both small scale and commercial engage ingrowing maize in the
area.

This is seen in the influx of seed maize dealers who offer variety of researched
seeds according to the soil and rainfall pattern.

The demand for maize in neighboring countries in recent times should be seen as
the impetus to encourage both small scale and commercial farmers to work hard
because of the yawning market in the region.

Equally the agro industry in the area is growing, small agro dealers are spread
in the area, offering support input programmes to small scale farmers.

For this reason, the Government has engaged agro dealers in the dispensation of
inputs to small scale farmers through the e-voucher system.

Entrepreneurship, which is described as free enterprise has gripped

Mumbwa district in the agriculture sector.

Agro dealers have opened outlets in the area and the Government, through private
partnership are now using the agro dealers in farming input support programmes
through the recent introduced e-voucher system.

The late coming of the natural rains has pushed farmers in the area to turn to
growing soya beans as opposed to only growing maize.

This has seen an upswing of soya bean growers in the area.

As a result, some organisations are recruiting youths to purchase maize and soya
beans for onward delivering to maize dealers in Lusaka for instant cash.

Hard working small scale farmers in the area are improving their livelihood by
taking their children to school and ensuring that they provide food for their
families through improved cash flow.

The farming business activities in the area have also given rise to various
trading businesses where opportunities have opened among entrepreneurs.

Entrepreneurs have constructed various facilities such as lodges thereby giving
an opportunity to individuals to run this service industry.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              April 4, 2008 Friday

Mexican influx may be good for U.S.

BYLINE: Deborah Bulkeley Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 503 words


The flow of immigrants from Mexico to the United States has become one of
today's most touchy political subjects.

However, neither nation truly realizes the economic value of roughly half a
million people who cross the border each year, said Jeffrey Jones,
undersecretary of agriculture and agribusiness for Mexico's Ministry of
Agriculture.

For the U.S., the influx creates challenges, but the overall net economic result
is positive. However, the perception is largely the opposite.

Meanwhile, he says, in Mexico there's a general lack of understanding of the
long-term implications of the declining labor force.

"If we (Mexico) realize we are the net losers of a one-way massive migration,"
he said, "we are more likely to do the things we need to do in our country to
retain the human capital."

Jones, who was in Salt Lake to discuss trade relations between the U.S. and
Mexico, met with Gov. Jon Huntsman Jr., visited with students at the University
of Utah, and spoke at a Zions Bank luncheon.

He said Mexico needs to do more to overcome barriers it has created internally
to economic development. He pointed to a recent report that suggests Mexico's
economy could make great strides through measures such as eliminating the red
tape for starting businesses and reforms in business and labor.

"Those sum up to an 8 to 10 percent growth rate," he said. "There's no reason
why India or China should be growing at a higher rate."

And, he said, developing the economy internally is key to long-term economic
development. The remittances relied on in some rural parts of Mexico create a
short-term solution, which he said last for only 15 years, since those born in
the U.S. aren't sending money.

The Mexican official has ties to Utah. He attended Brigham Young University and
his daughter, Melina Jones, is a political science student at Utah Valley State
College.

While working for Mexico's first lady Margarita Zavala de Calderon over the
summer, Melina Jones invited her to visit Utah. That visit is on the first
lady's agenda for next spring but has yet to be confirmed, Jeffrey Jones said.

"It's a part of cuddling up, so to speak, of leadership in the way we talk about
things, and the idea of what we need to do to create stronger and deeper
relationships," he said.

Better political relationships would help bolster economic relationships, Jones
said. To be more competitive on a global scale, Jones suggested that the U.S.,
Canada and Mexico should work more closely to build on existing economic ties.

He suggested, for example, North American quality standards for products that
are exported globally as a way to benefit producers in all three countries.

The border is a good place to start. He suggests both countries should
strengthen cooperative efforts along the border as a launching point for greater
economic cooperation.

"Putting this fence down there, it's Medieval technology," he said. "It's just a
matter of sharing information. ... The solution to the problem is technology."
E-mail: dbulkeley@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              37 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Potato prices crash to a new low of 3/kg

BYLINE: Pramod Panwar

SECTION: RAJKOT

LENGTH: 320 words


Palanpur: Potato prices crashed to a new low of Rs 3 from Rs 3.50 per kg
following "influx of tuber from upcountry, selling pressure of local traders,
cold storage owners and lack of buying support, which further hit the market,
said Babulal Mali, general secretary, Potato Growers Association, Deesa
(Banaskantha), which is a major potato growing centre of the state.

"The crisis may well be imagined from the fact that just last week the Cold
Storage Association in Deesa and the farmers decided to donate 5 lakh bags of
potatoes (each sack containing 50 kg of potatoes) to gaushalas in order to make
space for the fresh arrival following bumper crop production," president of Cold
Storage Association in Deesa Ganpat Kachhwaha said.

Apprehending huge losses due to depressed rates, potato growers have urged the
state government to help them by providing subsidy on freight. Also, they have
urged the government to take up export of the stock in order to soften the heavy
losses," Mali said.

"Last year, Banaskantha district, including Deesa, had cultivated potato crop in
31,000 hectares and this time the area is expected to be much larger given the
possibility of better yield due to favorable monsoon," district agriculture
officer M R Parmar said.

"As the potato growing season is round the corner (from November 1 to November
15), all are anxious," he added.

A leading farmer in Deesa Chamanlal Gajjar feared that the prices could fall
further if the influx of potatoes continued. A leading potato trader in Modasa
(Sabarkantha) Ismail Shaikh said there would be no buyers for their crop if the
upcountry consignment is sold at Rs 3 a kg.

"This year a bumper crop is expected because of weather conditions remaining
conducive during the entire season," research scientist at potato research
centre of Sardar Krushinagar Dantiwada Agriculture University (SDAU) at Deesa N
H Patel said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 25, 2011 Tuesday

Potato prices crash to a new low of 3/kg

BYLINE: Pramod Panwar

SECTION: RAJKOT

LENGTH: 337 words


Palanpur: Potato prices crashed to a new low of Rs 3 from Rs 3.50 per kg
following "influx of tuber from upcountry, selling pressure of local traders,
cold storage owners and lack of buying support, which further hit the market,
said Babulal Mali, general secretary, Potato Growers Association, Deesa
(Banaskantha), which is a major potato growing centre of the state.

<br/><br/>

"The crisis may well be imagined from the fact that just last week the Cold
Storage Association in Deesa and the farmers decided to donate 5 lakh bags of
potatoes (each sack containing 50 kg of potatoes) to gaushalas in order to make
space for the fresh arrival following bumper crop production," president of Cold
Storage Association in Deesa Ganpat Kachhwaha said.

<br/><br/>

Apprehending huge losses due to depressed rates, potato growers have urged the
state government to help them by providing subsidy on freight. Also, they have
urged the government to take up export of the stock in order to soften the heavy
losses," Mali said.

<br/><br/>

"Last year, Banaskantha district, including Deesa, had cultivated potato crop in
31,000 hectares and this time the area is expected to be much larger given the
possibility of better yield due to favorable monsoon," district agriculture
officer M R Parmar said.

<br/><br/>

"As the potato growing season is round the corner (from November 1 to November
15), all are anxious," he added.

<br/><br/>

A leading farmer in Deesa Chamanlal Gajjar feared that the prices could fall
further if the influx of potatoes continued. A leading potato trader in Modasa
(Sabarkantha) Ismail Shaikh said there would be no buyers for their crop if the
upcountry consignment is sold at Rs 3 a kg.

<br/><br/>

"This year a bumper crop is expected because of weather conditions remaining
conducive during the entire season," research scientist at potato research
centre of Sardar Krushinagar Dantiwada Agriculture University (SDAU) at Deesa N
H Patel said.

<meta name="cmsei" content="cms.next"/>

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Jordan mulls conflicts, climate change on World Food Day

BYLINE: Laila Azzeh

LENGTH: 669  words


By Laila Azzeh - Oct 27,2016 - Last updated at Oct 27,2016

AMMAN -- Jordan on Thursday joined the international community in marking World
Food Day, which is celebrated annually in honour of the UN Food and Agriculture
Organisation (FAO).

"Climate is changing, food and agriculture must too" was the theme for this
year's food day, in recognition of food security as one of the biggest
challenges related to climate change.

"Climate change is posing a main threat to world food security and development
efforts to eradicate poverty. The goal to end hunger by 2030 is indeed an
ambitious one, but reaching it is not possible without addressing the impact of
climate change," HRH Princess Basma said.

Speaking at the ceremony, she cited the impact of armed conflicts in the region
on agricultural areas.

FAO Representative in Jordan Nasredin Hag Elamin noted that climate change is
already resulting in "erratic" weather patterns and more pest and disease
outbreaks, which are affecting agricultural productivity and undermining global
food security.

"In general, climate change continues to impede our efforts to end hunger,
including other forms of malnutrition, by 2030. According to recent statistics,
nearly 800 million people remain food insecure and almost 160 million children
under the age of five are stunted," he said.

On the other hand, the UN official noted that World Food Day 2016 is an
opportunity to "stimulate our thought process... [on] how best to respond to
these challenges".

While acknowledging the Kingdom's efforts to develop strategies to adapt to
climate change, he stressed the need for more work, especially to overcome water
issues facing the country.

"Jordan and its agricultural sector will no doubt suffer from its [climate
change] adversities unless we implement comprehensive measures to promote
resilience in agriculture," Hag Elamin underlined.

Agriculture Minister Khaled Hneifat cited the Kingdom's commitment to unify
efforts in cooperation with the World Food Programme to enhance food security.

According to FAO, the world's poorest -- many of whom are farmers, fishers and
pastoralists -- are being hit hardest by higher temperatures and an increasing
frequency in weather-related disasters.

In addition, the influx of refugees to some areas, like parts of Jordan, has
amplified the issue, particularly in light of the scarce water resources, an
issue that has been the focus of Khetam Malkawi, The Jordan Times' reporter who
won FAO's first Media Award for the Near East and North Africa.

In her story, titled "Urban gardening project's pilot phase in Mafraq, Irbid
bears fruits", published in the JT in September, Malkawi highlighted the impact
of promoting soilless agriculture on the local communities.

"The project was vital in empowering families hit-hard by the influx of Syrian
refugees. It helped them in food security and cutting expenses. If implemented
on a wider scale, the project would have a tremendous impact on people," she
noted.

Twenty journalists from different countries in the region participated in the
FAO media award, submitting more than 50 print media, online, TV and radio
reports, covering "vital topics" on food and agriculture.

FAO launched the award to raise awareness of the 2030 Sustainable Development
Agenda and the Sustainable Development Goals, as well as to encourage "creative
communication" throughout the UN Decade of Action on Nutrition (2016 to 2025),
adopted by the UN General Assembly, according to a FAO statement.

"If it wasn't for the support I received at the JT, I wouldn't have won this
regional award," noted Malkawi , whose experience in journalism extends to a
broad range of beats including politics, health, foreign relations and tourism
as well as the Syrian refugee crisis.

Working at the JT since 2008, she won third place in the Jordanian-European
Award for Excellence in Writing for a report on child labour in 2011.

Princess Basma honoured Malkawi at Thursday's ceremony as well as other figures
who support FAO's activities in Jordan.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

FARMWORKERS MOVE TO TOWNS AND CITIES

BYLINE: Jan-jan Joubert

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 467 words


Further influx expected as drought bites
 FARMWORKERS are leaving farms in droves to settle in towns and cities,
overwhelming municipalities, parliament heard yesterday.
 And the drought means a further influx is on the way, with 66% of farmers in
Free State expecting to lay off workers if this year's harvest is as poor as
expected.


 Margareet Visser of the University of Cape Town's labour and enterprise working
group briefed parliament's portfolio committee on rural development and land
reform on the outcomes of a study into the living conditions of farmworkers
commissioned by the International Labour Organisation.
 The study was commissioned in the wake of the 2013 farm labour unrest which
started in De Doorns in Western Cape, and spread throughout the Boland.
 The study found that farmworkers in Western Cape were by far the best paid in
the country.
 Farmworkers in Free State are paid 24% less than their Western Cape
counterparts, while workers in Mpumalanga are paid 25% less.
 It was also established that Eastern Cape farm working wages are 30% less,
while in KwaZulu-Natal 31% under Western Cape levels. Limpopo was fully 51%
below Western Cape farmworker levels.
 In fact, the survey, conducted by Visser and Dr Stuart Ferrer, of the
agricultural policy unit at the University of KwaZulu-Natal, found that many
farmers in Limpopo were paying workers less than the legally required minimum
wage.

 Visser lay the blame on the Department of Labour, which is not enforcing labour
regulations, and not educating farmers or workers on what the law demands.
 The parliamentary portfolio committee on labour, which was not at yesterday's
briefing, has many times in the past highlighted the lack of labour inspectors
as one of the main reasons for continued poor working conditions, but little
action has followed on its findings.
 Visser accentuated that farmers, who had to comply with the ethical trade
prerequisites for export, were far more compliant with labour regulations than
those who are supposed to be policed only by the Department of Labour.
 She said there were many reasons why farmworkers were moving to towns and
cities. Almost 90% of farmworkers preferred to move to towns because
urbanisation meant their children were closer to schools, they were closer to
amenities, they had a wider choice of work opportunities and were free from
rules imposed by the farmer.
 She also pointed out that farmers were preferring to hire workers who did not
permanently live on farms because it was much cheaper not to provide free
transport, housing and other benefits which accrue to farm-based labourers.
 TOUGH SEASON: Farmworkers are leaving farms for urban areas so their children
are closer to schools and they have a wider choice of work opportunities, a
study has revealed Photo: supplied

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2016 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                              May 01, 2012 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

Spud growers had their chips?

BYLINE:  Michelle Jones

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 491 words


A THIRD of French fries consumed in SA are imported from Europe, with
potentially devastating consequences for local potato producers, according to
the potato industry.

Potatoes SA approached Minister of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Tina
Joemat-Pettersson and Minister of Trade and Industry Rob Davies about the influx
of frozen French fries into the country, said Potatoes SA (PSA) spokesman
Etienne Booyens.

The Department of Trade and Industry (dti) shares PSA's concerns about the
influx of imported French fries.

Stephen Hanival, chief director of agro-processing at the DTI, told the Cape
Times the department had met the potato industry recently.

"We share the industry's concern with the increase in imported product. Industry
and the DTI agreed to meet with the International Trade Administration
Commission in the next few days to discuss possible trade remedies to stem the
increase in imports.

He said the DTI would soon launch an incentive programme to assist industries
facing similar issues.

"The department has provided the industry with information regarding the
soon-to-be launched Manufacturing Competitiveness Enhancement Programme, a new
incentive which will be available from the department to assist industries
facing competitiveness pressures to improve their productive capacity and retain
jobs."

Hanival said it was hoped these measures would assist the potato industry.

"The department is cautiously optimistic that the combination of trade remedies
and support to the local industry to improve their competitiveness will assist
firms to weather the effects of increased imports."

Booyens said the volume of French fry imports had increased from 15 460 tons in
2009 to a high of 46 903 tons in 2010, levelling at 30 054 tons last year.

"The local potato processing industry finds itself in a crisis in the
importation of frozen French fries from Europe.

"With every role player in the potato value chain adversely affected, PSA is
appealing to the government for urgent intervention in creating a sustainable
environment for the potato processing industry."

Booyens said about 150 000 tons of French fries were consumed in SA annually. He
said that if imported French fries continued to be brought into the local
market, it could lead to the shutting down of producers and the loss of
thousands of jobs.

Booyens said about 11 400 workers were employed on farms which produced potatoes
for processing. The three largest frozen French fries producers in SA jointly
employ about 1 060 workers in their factories alone.

"Furthermore, it is of paramount importance that the internal as well as
external jobs created by the industry are also taken into consideration."

He urged all South Africans to lobby against imported French fries, including
making enquiries at restaurants.

Rams Mabote, adviser to Joemat-Pettersson, confirmed that PSA had approached the
ministry.

He said the department would respond soon.

michelle.jones@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Fish population being threatened due to industrial effluents: Punjab governor

SECTION: Vol. L No. 92

LENGTH: 607  words


Punjab Governor Chaudhry Muhammad Sarwar has said that fish despite being
healthy source of food is facing threat due to the indiscriminate throwing of
industrial effluents in natural water. He regretted that there is no water
treatment before its influx into water natural bodies. Though most of them have
water treatment plants but nobody realises that it is his/her moral duty to
throw pollution and toxicant free water in natural water bodies, he added.

Increasing fishing pressure on natural resources and influx of pollution is
devastating their production potential and stage is not very far away when we
will lose them and repent and nothing will be then recovered, he held. Sarwar
expressed these views while addressing the opening session of First
International Feeding Pakistan Aquaculture Conference held at a local hotel on
Wednesday. Professor Dr Talat Naseer Pasha, UVAS Vice Chancellor, Dr Michael
Schwarz, President of World Aquaculture Society, and R Shahnawaz Janjua, Country
Representative, American Soyabean Association & World Initiative for Soya In
Human Health also addressed the conference.

He said this is the culminating event of the feeding Pakistan project, a
three-year co-operative effort to encourage sustainable economic development of
the farmed fish sector in Pakistan. He said the benefits of growth in the fish
sector will flow to businessmen and women and to the people of Pakistan in the
form of a larger food supply and improved food security.

The Punjab Governor expressed pleasure that the Feeding Pakistan project has
brought aquaculture technical experts to Pakistan and sent three teams of
Pakistani fish farmers to the United States for technical training. He said the
countrymen would hear the results of fish feeding trials held on working fish
farms in Pakistan. As part of the project, he said a Pakistan feed manufacturer
installed the proper equipment to make soya-based floating fish feed.
Aquaculture is the fastest growing sector of agriculture in the world, he said,
adding that the oceans, rivers, lakes and dams have been and are still the major
sources of fish for inhabitants of the country as well as for export.

He appreciated American Soya Association for addressing the food security of
Pakistan. Sarwar said the government was pleased to work with the United States
Department of Agriculture and its co-operators like ASA, WISHH, Kansas State
University, SoyaPak, and other organisation like FAO, World Aquaculture Society
to strengthen the Institutional Collaborations for the sustainable growth of
Aquaculture Sector of Pakistan.

The University of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Lahore (is producing
under-graduate and postgraduate students for Aquaculture Sector of the country
and conducting problem oriented research in collaboration allied industry and
donor agencies and I am glad to know that UVAS is joining hands with the
organisers for the success of this important event, Sarwar said.

He hoped that farmers who have come from different areas of the country will
learn and will repeat do learn how to improve the food security of the country
by stimulating the aquaculture industry. On this occasion, Dr Michael Schwarz,
President of World Aquaculture Society said through its commitment to excellence
in science, technology, education and information exchange would contribute to
progressive and sustainable development of aquaculture especially in Pakistan.
Dr Shah Nawaz Janjua said there is lot of potential in Pakistan to promote
aquaculture and even farmers can make their own brands to reap huge benefits.
Janjua said that the local farmers needed proper training.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              chroniclelive.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBNEC


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                dailypost.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBDPNM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 examiner.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBHDE


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               gazettelive.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEGM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                getreading.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBREAD


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                getsurrey.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBSUR


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                       March 11, 2016 Friday 7:28 AM GMT

The morning news headlines: US reaffirms 'special relationship' with UK after
Obama's Libya criticism; People are entitled to fear impact of an influx of
migrants says Archbishop;
The latest news from around the world

BYLINE: By Agency Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 988 words


US REAFFIRMS 'SPECIAL RELATIONSHIP' WITH UK AFTER OBAMA'S LIBYA CRITICISM

The value of the US and UK's special relationship has been reaffirmed in the
wake of Barack Obama's criticism of David Cameron for his actions over Libya.

The president was critical of European nations - including the UK - which joined
the US in military action to prevent a massacre in Libya in 2011, but then
failed to prevent the north African country becoming a "mess" in the aftermath
of war.

In a lengthy interview in The Atlantic magazine, he said Mr Cameron became
"distracted" from Libya by other priorities, while he accused then French
president Nicolas Sarkozy of seeking to hog the spotlight for his part in
countering dictator Muammar Gaddafi's attempt to put down a rebellion.

PEOPLE ARE ENTITLED TO FEAR IMPACT OF AN INFLUX OF MIGRANTS SAYS ARCHBISHOP

People are entitled to fear the impact that the influx of large numbers of
migrants could have on their communities, the Archbishop of Canterbury has said.

The Most Rev Justin Welby said it was "absolutely outrageous" to condemn people
who raised such concerns as racist.

In an interview with Parliament's The House magazine, he said the scale of the
migrant crisis meant such anxieties were entirely reasonable.

BREXIT COULD COST UK FARMERS UP TO £330M ON LAMB AND BEEF EXPORTS, SAYS PM

Withdrawal from the EU could jeopardise jobs and investment in British
agriculture, with farmers losing as much as £330 million on lamb and beef
exports alone, David Cameron has claimed.

The Prime Minister warned that British farmers could "suffer enormously" if the
UK votes to leave the EU in the referendum he has called for June 23.

Mr Cameron was putting agriculture at the centre of his latest appeal for voters
to remain part of the 28-nation bloc as he visited a farm in north Wales. He was
later due to address the Welsh Conservative conference.

DAVID CAMERON'S MOTHER 'VERY SAD' AT TORY COUNCIL'S CLOSURE OF CHILDREN'S CENTRE

David Cameron's mother has said she is "very sad" at a Conservative council's
decision to close a children's centre where she does voluntary work.

Mary Cameron's comment comes shortly after she signed a petition against the
closure of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including some in the Prime
Minister's own Witney constituency.

Mr Cameron has said he intends to stand for re-election as MP for Witney in the
general election scheduled for 2020, despite saying he will step down as
Conservative leader at the poll.

GOVERNMENT FAILING TO PROTECT WHISTLEBLOWERS - MPs

The Government has failed to do enough to protect and encourage whistleblowers
to come forward, a group of MPs has warned.

In a sharp rebuke to ministers, the Commons Public Accounts Committee (PAC) said
it is "disappointed by the lack of urgency shown in dealing with this important
topic" and demanded more be done to drive through changes.

The comments, contained in a report published on Friday, come after
whistleblowing scandals have shaken public confidence in institutions.

COUNCIL TAX OUTSIDE CAPITAL 'WILL RISE BY UP TO 4%'

Council tax payers across England are facing rises of up to 4%, while
authorities in London maintain a virtual freeze in 2016/17, according to new
figures.

Many councils outside the capital are planning to take full advantage of the
1.99% maximum increase permitted without a local referendum, as well as the 2%
precept which Chancellor George Osborne is allowing for authorities providing
adult social care, the Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy
(Cipfa) found in its annual council tax survey.

Outside London, Cipfa found councils were planning an average rise of 3.6%,
adding £54 to the average Band D bill. But Greater London council tax payers
will see an average increase of just 0.6% or £8.04.

DIESEL DRIVERS 'SHOULD PAY UP TO £800 MORE IN ROAD TAX'

Vehicle excise duty (VED) should be raised for new diesel cars in an attempt to
improve air quality, a think-tank has said.

Policy Exchange claimed VED for diesel vehicles should be increased by up to
£800 to reflect the higher level of air pollution they cause, compared with
petrol cars.

The proposal said this could generate £500 million additional revenue each year,
which could be used to fund a new diesel scrappage scheme.

KILLER NATHAN MATTHEWS SHOULD FACE DEATH PENALTY, SAYS BECKY WATTS'S FATHER

The father of tragic 16-year-old Becky Watts wants his daughter's murderer to
face the death penalty and said he would carry out the execution personally.

Grieving Darren Galsworthy said killer Nathan Matthews had evaded justice after
brutally murdering his own stepsister.

Matthews murdered Becky after hatching a sexually-motivated plot to kidnap her
with his girlfriend Shauna Hoare, 21.

SHADOW CHANCELLOR PLEDGES 'FAIR AND RESPONSIBLE' DEFICIT REDUCTION

Shadow chancellor John McDonnell is to announce a "fiscal credibility rule"
which will require a future Labour government to eliminate the state deficit "in
a fair and responsible manner".

Mr McDonnell will use a high-profile economic speech five days ahead of next
week's Budget to pledge that a Labour administration would reduce the current
deficit by keeping its day-to-day spending below the amount taken in from taxes
and other revenues.

And he said that Labour would cut the country's overall public debt - currently
around £1.5 trillion - over the life of the next parliament and in every
parliament after that.

JAMES BAY CALLS ON SCHOOLS TO SMASH STIGMA OF HIV

James Bay has called for better sex education in schools to tackle the stigma of
HIV in the UK, after visiting a charity supported by Sport Relief.

His track Running has been selected as this year's Sport Relief official single
and Bay spent a "fascinating, heavy but inspiring" afternoon meeting and playing
music with adults at Body & Soul, an HIV charity in London.

Bay, 25, said it was "frustrating to know kids my age grow up with other kids
who laugh about (HIV), flinch about it".

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 21, 2017 Tuesday

Anxiety as nomads cross East African borders for water

LENGTH: 831 words


Text of report in English by Halima Abdallah entitled "Pastoralists move to
north Uganda in search of food" published by Kenyan newspaper The EastAfrican
website on 20 February;newspaper subheadings

As Uganda grapples with food insecurity, which is termed as a near crisis, it is
also dealing with an influx of internal and external pastoralists searching for
water and pasture for their livestock in northern Uganda.

Internally, pastoralists from the cattle corridor spanning western Uganda and
Karamoja subregions, have crossed into several districts in northern Uganda
since last year. An estimated 5,000 pastoralists entered the north with over
10,000 livestock from Karamoja alone.

Externally, northern Uganda has experienced an influx of pastoral communities
from South Sudan and Kenya, through the West Nile and Karamoja borders.

Estimates put South Sudanese livestock numbers through West Nile at over 10,000,
while those that have entered through Karamoja are yet to be established.

"The water and pasture stress is compounded by the Turkana from Kenya. They have
crossed with over 60,000 animals to Kobebe dam in Karamoja. The Toposa of South
Sudan have also crossed to dams in Kaabong," said Uganda's Agriculture Minister
Vincent Bamulangaki Ssempijja.

According to the National Meteorology Department, the dry season that started in
November 2016 is expected to last until March 2017. The prolonged drought led to
scorched crops and pasture, and dry water sources.

Raids

There is the potential for conflict not just between the Karimojong and South
Sudanese pastoralists, who have a past of raiding each other, but also over the
scarce resources. Already, conflicts between outsiders and locals have been
reported.

Traditionally, the Karimojong, Turkana and South Sudanese pastoralists would
raid each other for cattle, rape women and attack locals wherever they moved to
in search of water and pasture.

While such behaviour was discouraged in Uganda through the disarmament process,
latest developments indicate that the harsh climatic conditions have reignited
the hostility: Communities in northern Uganda have reported damage to crops,
violence and rape.

"The movement has resulted in displacement of people and destruction of crops.
The local communities are living in fear of the herdsmen, but we assure them
that the government is addressing the matter to have systematic and orderly
movement of the herdsmen," said John Byabagambi, the Minister for Karamoja
Affairs.

The influx of pastoralists has placed an additional burden on social services
like health, water and food.

Last week, Mr Ssempijja told parliament that the food insecurity situation was
getting worse - the number of people in need of food relief rose from 1.3
million in November 2016, to 1.6 million in January 2017.

The worsening food security is a result of La Nina, a dry spell following the El
Nino climate cycle. A Food Security Analysis, carried out by the Agriculture
Ministry last July, shows that about 40 per cent of pulses and 80 per cent of
cereals from the first crop season in 2016 were lost. In addition, there was a
20 per cent decrease in livestock holdings.

Food insecurity

While 69 per cent of the population is not food insecure, increased regional
demand has caused the price of food to rise, with farmers selling to local and
regional traders from Kenya, the DRC, South Sudan and Tanzania. This could
result in a shortage of seeds for planting if the farmers sell everything.

Uganda has not openly announced a ban on trade on food commodities beyond its
borders, but it is warning citizens to use the remaining stock sparingly.

"There is a fear that if the available food stocks are not managed well, the
situation can quickly deteriorate to the emergency and famine stages within the
next two months," said Mr Ssempijja.

The food situation has stabilised in Tanzania. Out of 26 regions, 11 had excess
food, 12 had adequate food supply, and three had a shortage.

Prices of food, especially maize, have risen in some regions since late last
year due to increased demand. The government relaxed its ban on food exports,
and allowed export of 1.5 million tonnes of grain to the DRC, Sudan, Kenya,
Somalia and Ethiopia.

Tanzania is upbeat about the outcome of an agricultural initiative expected to
boost revenues to $1.2 billion and transform the southern corridor of the
country into one of East Africa's bread baskets.

Implemented under the Southern Agricultural Growth Corridor of Tanzania, the
scheme expects to triple the area's agricultural output by bringing
approximately 350,000 hectares into profitable production.

The initiative is part of the government's efforts to transform agriculture,
which remains Tanzania's economic mainstay, contributing nearly 30 per cent to
its GDP and about 70 per cent to total employment. Government statistics
indicate that the sector grew at a rate of 3.2 per cent in the second quarter of
last year.

Source: The EastAfrican website, Nairobi, in English 20 Feb 17

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2017 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            October 11, 2013 Friday

Syrian crisis threatens food security in Lebanon

BYLINE: Kareem Shaheen

LENGTH: 699 words


Officials warned Thursday of the risks posed by the Syrian crisis for food
security in Lebanon, including disruptions to food exports and contaminated meat
passing unchecked across the border, as well as inadequate food supplies for the
growing refugee population and the Lebanese poor.

BEIRUT: Officials warned Thursday of the risks posed by the Syrian crisis for
food security in Lebanon, including disruptions to food exports and contaminated
meat passing unchecked across the border, as well as inadequate food supplies
for the growing refugee population and the Lebanese poor.

"Food insecurity and vulnerability to economic shocks remains a concern for the
Lebanese poor," said Robert Watkins, the U.N. permanent representative in
Lebanon.

"This situation has been dramatically exacerbated with the onset of the Syrian
crisis and influx of Syrian refugees, the greatest burden of which has coincided
with those areas of Lebanon that were already the most vulnerable."

Lebanon has over 750,000 registered Syrian refugees.

Watkins was speaking at a ceremony commemorating World Food Day 2013 at the
UNESCO palace in Beirut.

He said that "stabilization" efforts to deal with the Syrian refugee crisis were
desperately needed, or 170,000 Lebanese would be pushed into poverty and the
unemployment rate could double in 2014.

Hussein Hajj Hassan, the agriculture minister, said that farming and agriculture
suffered in Lebanon in 2013 as a result of security and political crises in the
region, as well as "political divisions and institutional paralysis" in Lebanon.

He outlined a series of measures taken by the ministry to combat food insecurity
in Lebanon, including exporting more local produce, treating mad cow disease and
intensifying disease and pest control efforts for the country's livestock, as
well as protecting nature reserves and commissioning research projects.

A report published earlier in the year by the FAO and the World Food Program
outlined the impact of the Syrian crisis on food security in Lebanon, including
lower wages and buying power for the Lebanese and higher food prices as a result
of border closures.

There are also challenges in making food available for refugees amid the high
influx. The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees recently instituted a program to
target the most vulnerable refugees with food aid.

The collapse of border security can also encourage the transfer of livestock
without proper controls, risking the spread of diseases among livestock,
according to Lahoud. Money for agricultural development has also been rerouted
to deal with the immediate needs of providing food and shelter to refugees, he
said.

Lebanon faces difficulties due to improper agricultural practices, which lead to
soil erosion, depletion of water resources and chemical contamination.

Agriculture in Lebanon employs 15 percent of the population.

Officials said food policies should aim to improve nutrition rather than simply
increase yields and food exports. The Food and Agriculture Organization
estimates there are 165 million malnourished children under 5 around the world,
while 1.4 billion individuals are overweight.

The officials indicated a gap between Lebanon's urban and rural populations.

"There are, however, significant and long-standing disparities between urban and
rural areas, especially concerning macronutrients [carbohydrates, proteins and
fats] intake," Watkins said, referring to access to food.

This disparity is a result of poverty, lower levels of education, particularly
for women, in the rural areas, a lack of access to health care services and poor
sanitation, he said.

Ali Moumen, the representative of the FAO in Lebanon, said Lebanon should
promote local food production in order to promote food security, saying there
was "political will" to strengthen local agriculture.

"A country that has no food security at this time, cannot grow economically."

Moumen said a campaign to vaccinate livestock from Syria and in Lebanon would
begin next month.

The FAO, which has been working in Lebanon since 1977, has numerous programs
here including preserving fisheries, seeds and seedlings; managing crops;
promoting growth of livestock; and tackling water scarcity.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2013 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Batanes' booming populace challenges food production

BYLINE: BY LEANDER C. DOMINGO CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 625 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

TUGUEGARAO CITY, Cagayan: As Batanes province becomes more popular with local
and foreign tourists and its population continue to grow, the Provincial
Government goes to the drawing board to arrive at a food self-sufficiency status
within the next 10 years.

This came after the Provincial Agriculture Office reported a wide disparity
between food consumption and food production in the area.

Batanes Senior Agriculturist Cesar Doroteo Hostallero said the government has no
other choice but to prepare for a population growth and tourist influx in the
following decade, beginning next year.

"At the moment, the production doesn't meet the food demands of the populace.
The provincial government has admitted this. There is also a slow transfer of
agricultural and fishery technologies among the islanders," he added.

Hostallero cited a recently released agricultural production report where the
Provincial Agriculturist reported "an imbalance in production versus demand on
some major agricultural food products in the province."

It is odd, he also said, when 75 percent of the 75 percent of the residents are
farmers and fisherfolks.

"We are bullish in terms of fishery resources, tourism and diverse culture. The
province is also known to have the lowest poverty incidence and among the
richest places in the country but farmers are continually challenged in meeting
food demands because of the increasing population and the influx of investors
and tourists," Hostallero said.

In a recently released agricultural production report, the annual palay
production of Batanes was only at 104.43 metric tons when its consumption rate
was placed at 1,946.56 metric tons. Vegetable production was also low with only
399.76 metric tons produced against a consumption rate of 642.21 metric tons.

The report also revealed that the production sufficiency level is "very low"
with palay production at only 5.36 percent and vegetable at 62.29 percent. The
only exception was for corn and garlic, which has the highest sufficiency level
at 205.71 and 115.26 percent respectively.

"In our study, the reason for a low food production in the province,
particularly on rice and vegetables is due to unpleasantly cold and wet weather
as well as the type of soil the province has. It lacks the material contents
good enough for agricultural production," Hostallero said.

The other factor affecting low agricultural production is the use or
categorization of the province's land resources. Records show that the Batanes
group of islands has an agricultural land area of 4,320 hectares and a
forestland of 5,463 hectares. Only 31 hectares is actually used for residential
and commercial purposes while the remaining 10,389 hectares is already
classified as unproductive areas or grassland.

Hostallero said the Agriculture Office already introduced several interventions
to increase the food sufficiency level, including a year-round planting scheme,
distribution of high-yielding vegetable and rice varieties, soil nutrient
management strategies and seed-saving strategies. Farmers are also sent to
capability-building trainings and given financial assistance by other government
agencies.

"These agencies have introduced Gulayan sa Barangay, intensive garlic and legume
production as well as sweet potato production in support of the 'Food Always in
the Home' or FAITH program of the provincial government," he added.

To arrive at a holistic approach to the problem, Hostallero said the provincial
agriculture office has included in its tourism programs the agriculture sector,
which may include tours to technology-demo and organic farms, and the hands-on
Ivatan farming experience and pick-and-pay promo for tourists.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              June 20, 2010 Sunday

Farmers report influx of genetically modified products in Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 404 words


Text of report by privately-owned Zimbabwean weekly newspaper The Standard
website on 19 June

Zimbabwe's struggling farmers risk being pushed out of business by the influx of
genetically modified products as a result of corruption at the Beitbridge Border
post. The Ministry of Agriculture restricts the importation of Genetically
Modified Organisms (GMOs) but concerned farmers say inspectors at the busy
border post demand bribes to allow people importing especially tomatoes and
potatoes to bring in the produce without any hustles.

Sources said the officers were charging between R1 000 [rand] and R4 000 for the
importation of artificially-grown products popularly known as GMOs. "I was
shocked to see truckloads of GMO potatoes and tomatoes being allowed through the
Beitbridge Border post while fully aware that the country's laws do not allow
importation of such material," a whistleblower said. "As a local farmer, I got
worried and decided to investigate.

"Ministry of Agriculture officials told me that all I needed to import was my
money." The source said he was told that to import potatoes or tomatoes in a
full 35-tonne truck, he would need to part with R1 000 as a bribe while bigger
trucks would cost R4 000. While all efforts to contact other farmers unions were
fruitless, Zimbabwe Commercial Farmers' Union (ZCFU) president, Wilson Nyabonda
said his organization was not aware of the alleged imports. Agriculture minister
Joseph Made said the reports were disturbing and his ministry would investigate
the allegations.

"We do not allow any GMO material to be imported into the country," Made said.
"The farmers' position that it is costing them business is correct and as
government, we will not allow the farmers to perish because of unscrupulous
practices. "We are going to send people to look into this." A call to a ministry
official whose name and number was provided by the whistleblower confirmed the
allegations could be true.

"Do you know that what you are asking about is illegal," he said. "But when do
you want to come. . .just keep in touch and call me when you want to come. . .
the money is still the same, just make sure you play it safe." The Poultry
Association of Zimbabwe has complained that the flooding of GMO chicken products
in the country since 2008 has forced several producers to close shop leading to
massive retrenchments.

Source: The Standard website, Harare, in English 19 Jun 10

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                   December 26, 2007 Wednesday 10:25 AM  EST

FARM SECTOR PLUMMETS, URBAN SLUMS BURGEON

BYLINE: Report from The Pioneer brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 865  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Dec. 26 -- India today faces a unique problem of pseudo-urbanisation,
which is increasingly leading to segmentation of space within the cities and
emergence of large slum areas. Slums, according to the critics of urbanisation,
are places where the villagers won't even think of keeping their cattle. Then
why, one is left to wonder, is a large chunk of migrant rural population settled
in slums?

Among the many attractions that induce large influx of rural populace into the
urban areas are employment opportunities as construction workers, migrant
labourers, employment for self and the entire family in the unorganised sectors
and better wages which are resulting in mushrooming of slums in the heart of
various cities.

In the present scenario, agriculture as a means of livelihood is neither seen as
profitable nor rewarding. According to MS Swaminathan, eminent agricultural
scientist who also heads the National Commission of Farmers, "Agriculture is in
a state of crisis. The growth rate of agriculture is becoming static due to
technological fatigue and with the population and the number of small farmers
growing, the problem of malnutrition is also becoming prominent."

One way of helping agriculture to flourish is to enhance the growth rate in
non-farm employment and encourage contract farming, which is beneficial for
producers and the purchasers. Swaminathan suggested that township and village
enterprises (TVEs), like the ones present in China, can pave way for growth in
both agriculture and non-agriculture employment. Under this model, middle and
small-scale enterprises are widely distributed in rural areas with rapid
development. Here, the villages fulfil the raw material requirements where as
the value addition is done in adjoining small but well-connected towns.

Another major hurdle in the agrarian sector is that there is a massive mismatch
between production and post-harvest technology. Despite following the modern way
of farm production the post-harvest areas need Government attention. The
infrastructure is extremely poor in the post-harvest areas like drying of the
crop, storage and marketing, leading to greater impoverishment of rural poor.

Voicing his opinion in a personal capacity on the prevalent situation, Dr
Mruthyunjaya, Director of the National Agricultural Innovation Project said, "if
agriculture suffers, people suffer. If people exit agriculture under distress
and on account of farming not being profitable, it is a big challenge because
unlike the developed nations, the population which moves out is unemployable."

Analysts say, with a large majority of the rural migrants, displaced as the
country strides towards development, landing in the cities is the ultimate
respite from the rigours of unproductive agriculture. The farm hands arrive in
the large cities and get absorbed in the factories, basically processing raw
materials for exports or producing consumer goods for local consumption. The
industries, however, which employ these people, are usually under no obligation
to provide adequate shelter or a reasonable quality of life for their workers.

People have been deserting the villages in large numbers because surviving
solely on agriculture is increasingly becoming impossible adding to the pressure
of urbanisation, which is totally unplanned and chaotic. "The agrarian
population is migrating out of sheer compulsion because it is very difficult to
provide them with a decent livelihood in the rural areas. In fact, National
Rural Employment Guarantee, at some stage stemmed the tide of outflow. But more
such programmes are needed," said Praveen Jha, faculty member, Centre for
Economic Studies and Planning.

According to a 2001 census, almost a quarter of Indian cities live in slums and
sadly around five million of this population are young children in the 0-6 age
group. A deeper probing of the numbers indicates that even for rich states in
India like Maharashtra, the situation is no better. Almost 32 per cent of the
State's population live in slums. Of these, more than five million are in the
financial capital of India, Mumbai where about 49 per cent of the population
live in slums.

To tackle this hurdle and to minimise the influx into urban centres,
Mruthyunjaya like Swaminathan strongly advocated that the authorities should
look into creating agro-industries in the vicinity of villages. This would help
make the agrarian population acquire skills and then they can be absorbed in
industry and services sector if they move out of the hinterland. He lamented the
fact that the agricultural growth has slumped because the kind of acceleration
that was expected by the Government is not taking place primarily due to
following the same old methods of production system that needs to be intensified
and enriched at the same time.

Experts are of the opinion that the rural people in the hinterland have to bear
the brunt of urbanisation in terms of destruction of agrarian economy,
degradation of ecology and social values, loss of able bodied manpower, who are
most of times at the receiving end of the problems created through urbanisation.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Pioneer.

-560607

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Joseph R. Bartlett (R)* Age: ...

SECTION: Montgomery Extra; T38

LENGTH: 715 words


Age:  36

Residence: Middletown Valley.

Education: BS, business administration, marketing, Frostburg State University.

Occupation: State delegate.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, Maryland House of Delegates,
1999-present; past member, Frederick County Literacy Council Board of Directors.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"As a rapidly growing jurisdiction, Frederick County faces critical
transportation and school construction challenges. I enlisted the help of the
Ehrlich administration, which has answered the call, to enhance our local
transportation system. With nearly $300 million in state investment, incredible
improvements are underway in Frederick County. Education should be, and is,
Maryland's top priority. In Frederick County, many of our schools are over
capacity, and future challenges will be increasingly daunting. Once again,
Frederick County lobbied Governor Ehrlich, and he has responded with a
historically high $281 million in construction funding for fiscal 2007, with
over $18 million locally."

Why should voters elect you?

"Throughout my tenure in the legislature, I have worked hard to respond to my
constituents and fight for their interests by promoting conservative values."

Web site:

www.joebartlett.us

E-mail address:

friends_of_joe_bartlett@usa.com

Age:  68

Residence: Walkersville.

Education: BA, sociology, Mount St. Mary's College; MA, psychology, Hood
College.

Occupation: Retired deputy sheriff.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, Frederick County Democratic State
Central Committee; past president, United Democrats of Frederick County,
Montgomery County Deputy Sheriff's Association; past chairman, Frederick County
Human Relations Commission; past member, Frederick County Commission for Women,
Maryland Legal Services Corp.; member, Women's Democratic League; past board
member, League of Women Voters.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"Rampant growth is the one problem from which most others stem, as local
infrastructure cannot expand quickly enough to accommodate the influx of new
residents moving farther away from the Baltimore-Washington area. Services are
always behind the pace of housing, causing overcrowded schools, traffic
congestion and inadequate road expansion. The local hospital, fire and rescue
services and police and sheriff's departments are being stretched beyond their
capacity. This influx has also caused housing prices to skyrocket in our area
and created a crisis situation for Frederick County workers to find affordable
housing here in their own county."

Why should voters elect you?

"As a longtime local activist, I know the concerns of the community, and I am
dedicated to finding solutions to improve the quality of life."

Web site:

None given.

E-mail address:

maggihays@msn.com

Age:  70

Residence: Walkersville.

Education: BS, agriculture, University of Maryland; MS, agriculture, West
Virginia University.

Occupation: State delegate; retired educator.

Elected offices/civic activities: Member, Maryland House of Delegates,
1995-present; past member, Frederick County Republican Central Committee;
member, Frederick County Farm Bureau, Glade Valley Lions Club, Walkersville
Volunteer fire and rescue companies, Future Farmers of America, American Legion
Post No. 11, Glade Valley Grange No. 417 and Frederick County Retired Teachers
Association.

What is the most urgent problem facing your jurisdiction?

"The encroachment of the metropolitan areas on Frederick County has placed great
pressure on the county to provide the infrastructure to meet the influx of
citizens, which includes roads, schools, parks, police, fire and rescue
services, water and sewer needs, and solid-waste removal, to name a few. This is
a tremendous problem when it comes to maintaining the quality of life that the
native Frederick Countians have come to love! As a legislator I am constantly
working for improvements to our infrastructure needs as well as looking for all
the additional state aid that can be delivered."

Why should voters elect you?

"I have provided the constituents of my district with outstanding service in the
areas of agriculture, business and municipal aid."

Web site:

None given.

E-mail address:

delegatestull@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              60 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Here's to the future of farming

SECTION: FEATURES:PEOPLE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 370  words


For far too long, newspapers like the Western Daily Press have reported what has
often appeared to be the demise of the farming industry in this country.

True, the industry has been plagued by huge setbacks over the years - foot and
mouth, TB and the horse meat scandal. And cheaper meat imports recently from the
supermarkets have provided another challenge in the market place for our
farmers.

But against what seems to be all the odds, people are now increasingly finding
farming an attractive challenge for a career. The figures speak for themselves.
More than 55 000 have gone into agriculture in the last five years bringing the
total published by the Office of National Statistic to 166,672--it shows an
increase of 33 per cent on last year.

What is most encouraging is that the largest percentage rise going into farming
has been among women with three times as many women now identified within the
industry  as in 2009.

Farming is going through enormous change with one of the main challenges to
produce more food from less land.

So, the agricultural students at colleges like Bicton in East Devon are studying
sustainable land use and developing new ideas at the same time in their lectures
and on the land.

This learning by doing enables the young people going into farming to actually
inform farming's future. High tech equipment on the land is now so important but
so are the basics of farming and animal husbandry.

At the same time as we see an influx of    young people coming into farming,
there is an upsurge in the price of agricultural land which bodes well for
future investment in farming.

Farming students are now leaving the specialist colleges with a full quiver of
land, animal and agricultural skills. As a result, they are generally able to
walk straight into well-paid jobs.

Are we getting a little carried away with our enthusiasm for the new influx of
young people especially into farming?

Perhaps, but for so long the farming industry has been at the forefront of a
glut of  bad news and we believe  this latest news is something to shout about.

These young people really are the future of farming and there has never  been a
more important time to manage our land in the West Country for food production.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               September 30, 2000

Executive rapped over grant scheme

BYLINE: By Tim Pauling

SECTION: Agriculture: Subsidies, Pg.21

LENGTH: 387 words


A POWERFUL Scottish Parliament committee criticised the Executive's handling of
an agricultural grant scheme for the Highland and Islands yesterday.

A report from the Audit Committee said the Scottish Executive Rural Affairs
Department (Serad) had not been as efficient as it could have been when faced
with a sudden influx of applications for the Agricultural Business Improvement
Scheme (Abis).

Although the scheme was relatively small, the committee said important lessons
could be learned for the future.

Abis was an agricultural grant scheme partly funded by the European Union which
operated in the Highland and Islands between 1994 and 1999.

It was designed to develop and improve income potential in agriculture and
maintain rural jobs.

Because uptake of grants was lower than expected the scheme's rules were revised
in April, 1999, which led to an unexpected number of applications which
outstripped available funds.

It was estimated that in September and October of 1999 the number of
applications totalled GBP 16million when the remaining funding was just GBP
2million.

This led to concern in the farming community that the scheme had not been well
administered.

As a result the Audit Committee carried out an inquiry and the auditor general
was called in.

Committee convener Andrew Welsh MSP said the purpose of the inquiry was to
establish whether the Executive could have revised the scheme more quickly, why
it was unable to respond effectively to the influx of applications and whether
it was ill-informed in deciding to prioritise applications.

"While the committee understands the difficulties that Serad faced in dealing
with this scheme - in particular the late upsurge in applications - we do not
consider that the administration methods it had in place were as efficient as
they could have been," said Mr Welsh, MSP for Angus.

"Serad has already accepted that both the quality of monitoring information
during the scheme and the time taken to do it was sub-standard, but we are
somewhat reassured that steps have been taken to rectify the situation.

"Although Abis in itself is a relatively small scheme, it is vital that lessons
are learned from this episode as Serad is the lead government body for
administering EU funding schemes to the agricultural community in Scotland."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              62 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Indian potato floods bordering markets

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Dec. 1 -- Potato farmers and traders in bordering districts,
especially in Khulna and Rajshahi, are facing problems in selling their produce
stored in cold storages due to influx of Indian low-quality potato in most of
the local markets, sources said.

Local growers and traders, who have preserved potato in cold storages for use in
the upcoming lean period, are not getting due prices as the Indian potato is
being sold at prices much lower than those of the local produce.

Bangladesh Cold Storage Association (BCSA) has requested the authorities of
Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) to take measures to stop illegal influx of Indian
potatoes into Bangladesh. They also requested the authorities concerned
including the Ministry of Agriculture to take action in this connection.

"Unless measures are taken immediately, farmers and producers of potato will
face serious problem in selling their produce, especially the new crop which is
coming within a few days," said BCSA chairman M Jasim Uddin.

According to sources, a new variety of Indian low-quality potato named "Utkal"
has flooded the local markets bordering the districts of West Bengal. "All
frontier markets in Satkhira and Jessore, from Kaliganj to Benapole, are flooded
with Indian potato," said Md Mohshin, proprietor of Ice and Cold Storage in
Satkhira.

These Indian potatoes are being sold at Tk 15-17 per kg in local markets as
against Tk 28-30 a kg of local varieties. "Despite low quality and poor taste
people are going for the Indian variety because of the low prices," said
Mohshin.

According to industry insiders, prices of local varieties of potato have come
down substantially in recent days with the arrival of the Indian variety.

On an overage, the country produced about 8.5 million tonnes of potatoes
annually over last few years. In the fiscal year (FY) 2012-13, potato production
reached an all-time high of 9.5 million tonnes. But the farmers didn't get fair
prices and many of them destroyed and dumped their potatoes on highways due to
low prices.

Because of favourable weather, industry people also expect bumper production in
the ensuing season, but they will be affected greatly unless the government
checks foray of Indian potato into the country right now.

Most of the cold storage operators are now busy with releasing old stocks to
prepare their cold storages for the next crop. But many of them, sources said,
are struggling to release their stocks because of the low prices. Many are
selling their produce stored in cold storages even at lower prices than usual
for the diminishing demand mainly due to influx of Indian crop.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               December 31, 1994

Unqualified vets influx fears

BYLINE: By ELISABETH TACEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 650 words


A LACK of laws to regulate vets is putting people off joining the profession and
may lead to an influx of unqualified animal doctors after 1997, says Hong Kong's
representative group.

Hong Kong Veterinary Association (HKVA) president and Royal Hong Kong Jockey
Club senior vet Dr Keith Watkins said yesterday that legislation had been
proposed to the Economic Services Branch two years ago.

"We operate under various ordinances but there's no controlling body. The
association organises speakers but we can't seriously handle complaints or
discipline members," he said.

It was difficult to attract local staff to be vets because they were not used to
working with animals and did not regard the job as highly as other professions,
he said.

But Agriculture and Fisheries Department senior veterinary officer and past HKVA
president Dr Barry Bousfield said attracting staff was made more difficult
because "the big problem is there's no secure future if there's no legislation".

Now vets could only practise if they were recognised by the Royal College of
Veterinary Surgeons in the United Kingdom, but "after 1997 there are no specific
rules", he said.

In China vet training was only for three years and not as rigorous.

There were at least 50 foreign-trained vets working as assistants who could not
practise under current rules, compared with about 70 registered vets, he said.

RSPA vet Katriona Bradley said she had seen several animals treated by untrained
pet shop owners.

One unlicensed vet had given a pup with ringworm the right medicine but at four
times the correct dose, which had affected its liver and might kill it
prematurely, she said.

"From a minor skin problem it got a nasty liver problem," she said.

From tomorrow, animals for sale would have to be vaccinated by qualified vets
rather than shop owners and a vaccination certificate issued, or the pet shop
owner would face prosecution, she said.

Principal Assistant Secretary for Economic Services Eric Johnson said he was
trying to get a slot in the 1996 Legislative Council session for a vet
registration bill and admitted there were concerns about "quack practitioners".

But "the reason is not 1997, it's the great increase in pet keeping".

"I can't imagine that we would allow a situation whereby lots of unqualified
people would flood in and inflict cruelty on animals."

They were speaking as the Jockey Club's first vet, sponsored through six years
of training in the UK, returned to take up his job at the Sha Tin stables.

Although he officially starts tomorrow, Kenneth Lam Ka-ho was at the stables
before 8 am yesterday, ready to take part in his first Hong Kong racehorse
examination.

"I'm keen to get started," he said. "I've worked independently for the past 18
months and I know roughly how things work here after visiting during my
training."

Dr Lam graduated as a vet after five years at the Royal Veterinary College in
London, followed by a year's internship on large animal medicine and surgery.
His last six months were spent in a racehorse practice at Newmarket.

"I hadn't really been exposed to animal training. The farm work (during the
degree course) was a challenge," he said.

The sponsorship would have cost about $ 900,000 in tuition fees alone, Dr
Watkins estimated.

One previous trainee had remained in the UK and another had returned but had
preferred small animal work so had left the Jockey Club, he said.

Formerly the club had required qualified vets with two or three years'
experience of handling thoroughbred horses, but they had been unable to fill
vacancies that way.

Dr Bousfield said the AFD had trained seven local vets who had all left after a
few years.

Dr Lam said one problem was that "in Hong Kong people's minds, being a vet is
not as superior as being a doctor. But it's harder to get into vet courses," he
said.


LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1994 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              64 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                               December 04, 2015

Chinamasa Growth Targets Guesstimates

LENGTH: 1064 words


THE projected 2,7% Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth envisaged by Finance
minister Patrick Chinamasa in his 2016 national budget statement driven by
buoyant performance of the real sector -- agriculture, manufacturing, mining and
tourism -- is wishful thinking considering that Zimbabwe's resource-driven
economy is under immense internal and external pressures.

Zimbabwe's economy is struggling to emerge from a decade-long recession from
1999-2008, which saw GDP shrink by 45%, despite registering strong growth after
the introduction of multi currencies in 2009.

Now government sees China, a traditional ally, as a healthy counterbalance to
Western influence and a catalyst to spur growth.

Structural deficiencies such as run-down infrastructure and discord within
government over foreign direct investment policy are seen as a bane to
sustainable growth in the medium to long-term.

Presenting the US$4 billion national budget last week, Chinamasa projected a
2,7% growth of the economy on the back of the mining, tourism, construction and
financial sectors. He also projected a 1,8% growth in agriculture, 1,6% growth
in mining, 2,1% growth in manufacturing and 4% growth in tourism.

Chinamasa revised the growth rate from 3,2% in 2015 to 1,5%. It is also a marked
decrease from the ambitious 6,1% growth he had projected for 2014 which he later
whittled down to 3,1%.

This growth rate however is in stark contrast to what is obtaining on the
ground. The mining sector, one of the key economic drivers on which the
envisaged growth is predicated, is reeling from a number of challenges including
falling global prices of minerals such as gold and platinum, power shortages as
well as lack of investment in the sector due to the toxic indigenisation policy.
The challenges in the sector makes it doubtful that the sector will contribute
to economic growth, let alone register a 1,6% growth, experts said.

A 15% tax imposed on payments for accommodation and tourism services by foreign
visitors, is hurting tourism with industry players claiming the tax makes them
uncompetitive. A ban on the importation of sport-hunted elephant trophies from
Zimbabwe for the 2014 hunting season in April by the United States government
has also left a huge dent on the sector.

The ban means a massive loss of income for the sector which is still trying to
find its feet after years of economic decline and the after-effects of travel
warnings on the country by several source countries, including Japan, Germany
and the US.

A 2,1% growth projection in the manufacturing sector is divorced from the
plethora of challenges affecting the sector. The continued decline of industry's
capacity utilisation from 57,2% in 2011 to the current 34,3% epitomises the
serious challenges faced by a sector hard hit by a debilitating liquidity
crunch, obsolete equipment, incessant power cuts, company closures and massive
job losses.

The agriculture sector, which forms the backbone of the country's economy and is
a vital cog in the growth of the economy, is in turmoil. A looming drought means
government has to import 700 000 tonnes of maize, hence worsening its burgeoning
import bill. Continued farm invasions and the failure by farmers to access loans
due to stringent requirements and concerns over the unbankable 99-year leases
are all ingredients that hamstring any growth in the agriculture sector.

The growth projections espoused by Chinamasa is a huge act of deception,
according to economist John Robertson.

"The claimed growth is very deceptive and is likely to encourage businesses to
make poor decisions," Robertson said. "Growth in the economy is not going to
happen. There will be shrinkage of the economy year-on-year. This is a serious
attempt to mislead, which is wrong."

He said low gold and platinum prices in mining and the high costs of goods and
services in the tourism industry, in the face of depreciating currencies, which
include the South African rand and the Zambian kwacha, militate against growth
targets set by the Finance minister in his budget.

Robertson noted the dire state of the manufacturing sector, was made worse by
power cuts and numerous company closures.

"The shrinkage of the economy is visible to everybody. I do not think anyone
believes it (projected economic growth) to be true," Robertson said.

Failure to address various economic fundamentals also present a major obstacle
to the growth targets set by Chinamasa last week.

Sleaze in various state entities such as the National Railways of Zimbabwe, Air
Zimbabwe and the Grain Marketing Board as documented in various audit and
forensic reports remain largely unaddressed and still costs government millions
of dollars in revenue and are major obstacles to any growth in the economy.

Lack of clarity over the indigenisation policy compelling foreign investors to
sell at least 51% equity stakes to locals, still remains a major hindrance to
substantive investment in the country.

Contrasting pronouncements on the policy has stalled economic growth and
scuttled investment prospects. Although Chinamasa promised clarity from
indigenisation minister Patrick Zhuwao before Christmas, it remains to be seen
whether the measures to be announced by the minister will have the desired
outcome of breathing life into the economy.

For Zimbabwe National Chamber of Commerce CEO and economist Takunda Mugaga,
Chinamasa's estimates are "ambitious".

"The estimates by Chinamasa of 2,7% growth is ambitious," Mugaga said. "There
are a number of factors which are against the projection. If we look at the
energy sector, it is struggling which means prolonged darkness. All the major
drivers of the economy are in ugly shape."

He said Chinamasa's failure to stop the influx of cheap second-hand clothing
into the county despite imposing a ban as well as his inability to curb the
influx of various products, means the growth targets remains a pipedream.

Mugaga said the influx of second-hand clothing among other products is being
driven by senior politicians who are supposed to help stop the influx that has
crowded out local industry.

"There is need to address the rampant corruption by senior politicians. Even the
installation of CCTVs at the border posts, which he announced during his budget
(statement) will not help if this is not addressed," Mugaga said.

He predicted that the country will register a 1% growth rate as a result in
2016.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday

Fauzia Gilani for sustainable solution to achieve food security

SECTION: Vol. XXXIII No. 315

LENGTH: 991  words


Begum Fauzia Gilani pointing to increasing population and dearth of food in the
underdeveloped world on Sunday called for a sustainable solution to food
security through influx of capital, expertise and technology in agriculture
sector to the developing countries from the developed nations.Representing
Pakistan here at the Second NAM First Ladies Summit on the margins of the World
Summit on Food Security on the theme "Food Security: Women Access to Resources",
Begum Gilani called for "injecting a sense of care, compassion and urgency not
only for food security but also for other pressing development challenges that
the world confronts today."

The conference seeks more investments in agriculture and women as it believes
that investing in rural women is most efficient and effective strategy, while a
child's chance of survival increases by 20 percent if the mother controls the
household budget.

It also calls for better governance of food security, while ensuring gender
equality, focus on economic empowerment, education and training of women.

She said the world continues to confront a series of development crises, a
situation that was expected to persist in the foreseeable future despite
preliminary signs of recovery. Ms Gilani said the gains made by many countries
in poverty eradication have been reversed as the number of undernourished people
cross the one billion mark.

She mentioned a report of World Food Programme that pointed half of the
population in Pakistan was food-insecure. "We are also faced with the challenge
of feeding a large population dislocated because of our ongoing operation
against terrorists and militants."

She said the displaced people had compounded the government's task to tackle
food insecurity and urged the international community to help Pakistan deal with
the needs of displaced population.

The First Lady said the world was vulnerable to the adverse impacts of climate
change, monsoon variability and melting glaciers and was causing stress on
agriculture and livestock.

She said recent studies indicate that one degree Celsius rise in temperature
would severely impact cash crop production in Pakistan.

She said more than fifty percent of Pakistan's population lives in the rural
areas and was dependent particularly on agriculture for livelihood.

"Agriculture constitutes a central pillar of our strategy to address
unemployment, poverty alleviation and economic development."

Begum Gilani said the government in Pakistan has improved food supply through
increase in the support price to the farmers to produce more; improved
distribution channels through provision of low priced food items at Utility
Stores, made the producers accountable against hoarding or artificial price
escalation and removed constraints on food access through high level committees
to monitor and stabilize fluctuations in food prices.

"We have instituted a Rs. 34 billion Benazir Income Support Program, that
ensures cash transfers to exclusively womenfolk belonging to 3.4 million
households in Pakistan," she added.

She said the government had also decided that the land being allocated to poor
in Balochistan province will only be allocated to women.

Besides, the government has instituted long term measures to enhance
opportunities and access to resources by women as a part of its anti poverty
drive through Food Support Programs, and increased assistance to women through
micro-credit disbursements by Khushhali Bank, First Women Bank, and the
Agricultural Development Bank of Pakistan. These Banks have disbursed more than
Rs. 10 billion, most of which have already been given to women, she added.

"We strongly believe that a sustainable solution to food security requires a
strong influx of capital, expertise and technology in agriculture sector to the
developing countries from the developed nations," the first lady said and called
for the need to mobilize multi-stakeholder partnerships at national, regional
and international level.

The First Lady called the present food crisis as a 'silent tsunami' and called
for the world to unite to address the global food crisis on priority.

She put forward a four-point agenda that called for; promoting investments in
agriculture infrastructure particularly Foreign Direct Investment for
agricultural productivity; development of  a comprehensive mechanism with
benchmarks and indicators to monitor the implementation of Millennium
Development Goals; Identification of new sources of assistance, and Official
Development Assistance to provide enhanced fiscal space channeled as budgetary
support to developing countries; and finally better regulation of the capital
markets to avoid speculation in agricultural commodity futures that generates
hike in food prices.

She termed the holding of the meeting as politically significant as it
consolidates and further institutionalizes the idea of convening NAM First
Ladies Summits.

"Frankly, who can better understand the pain of a child suffering from hunger or
malnutrition than a mother?  Who can better appreciate the disconcerting sight
of a girl child being discriminated against male in meeting her food and
nutrition needs, than a woman?"

Begum Gilani said.

She appreciated Mrs. Suzanne Mubarak for her leadership in launching this
innovative and creative initiative and said "Let us build on this important
process to bring our unique insights and perspectives to the debates on some of
the pressing global issues."

Earlier, Suzanne Mubarak in her opening remarks presented an idea of jointly
addressing the issues of poverty and hunger. The First Ladies of Iran, Iraq,
South Africa, Zimbabwe, Tunisia and Angola also expressed their views on the
summit's theme.

Begum Gilani also attended the second panel discussion themed 'National
Experience in ensuring women's access to human capital and knowledge to reduce
hunger'. She along with all NAM First Ladies gathered for an official
photograph.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 11, 2009 Wednesday

LG, FFA gear up for state convention

BYLINE: Dick Mason, The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 729 words


Mar. 11--A blue and gold wave will sweep over La Grande starting march 20.

La Grande will be the site of the annual State FFA Convention March 20-23. The
event is expected to draw about 2,200 people during what will be the opening
weekend of spring break.

Convention participants will include 1,700 students from the 105 high school FFA
chapters throughout the state. The youths will be easier to identify than Mount
Emily -- all will wear blue corduroy FFA jackets with gold lettering. The
jackets have been a trademark of the FFA, a national youth agriculture education
organization, since the 1930s.

Next weekend's state FFA Convention may surprise some, but not motel operators.
All motel rooms in Union County have been reserved for March 20-23 since at
least November, said La Grande High School FFA adviser Paul Anderes, the
convention's facilities coordinator.

Anderes noted that EOU is stepping forward to ease the accommodation crunch by
making open rooms in its residence halls available to people attending the
convention.

The influx of people into La Grande will also have a big impact on local
restaurants. And they have been warned.

Anderes has called each restaurant listed in the local yellow pages to alert
them of the convention. He said restaurant owners appreciate knowing this,since
it allows them to have enough employees and food on hand for the anticipated
influx of customers.

The opening ceremonies of the convention are expected to draw 1,500 people the
evening of March 20. About 2,200 people are expected for the closing ceremonies
the evening of March 23, said Anderes, an agriculture and natural resources
teacher at LHS.

All evening sessions will be conducted in the LHS gym where an elaborate stage
will be set up. The stage will feature two large video display screens on each
end. An elaborate sound system will also be in place. The video display and
audio elements for the convention will be the most expensive part of putting it
on, said Anderes.

The convention's cost will be $35,000. Oregon FFA is covering $25,000 of the
cost. Financial assistance is also being provided by the City of La Grande,
Union County, the La Grande School District, EOU and Monsanto.

The March 20 opening ceremony will begin at 7 p.m. Rhett Laubach of Edmond,
Okla., will give the keynote address. Laubach is a member of the National
Speakers Association. He focuses on the ability of individuals to positively
influence people. Laubach has spoken to more than 500,000 people in 40 states,
the Bahamas and Canada.

A fireworks show on the south side of LHS field will conclude the opening
ceremony.

The convention continues Saturday morning, March 21, with many events including
public speaking competition and addresses by FFA officers. The Saturday evening
session begins at 7 and will include an address by Congressman Greg Walden,
R-Hood River.

The Sunday, March 22, morning and afternoon sessions will include speaking and
parliamentary procedure competition and workshops. The March 22 evening session
will include the announcement of competition results and opening remarks by EOU
President Dixie Lund.

The convention concludes Monday evening, March 23, with a closing ceremony that
begins at 7 p.m. Highlights will include the installation of the 2009-10 FFA
State Team.

La Grande last hosted the State FFA Convention in 1998. Anderes is gratified by
the outpouring of support he is receiving from other FFA chapter leaders and the
community in preparing for the convention.

Those stepping forward to assist in a big way include the FFA advisers of local
high school chapters: Dennis Clark, Union High School; J.D. Cant, Imbler High
School; Toby Koehn, Cove High School; and Brent Carroll, Elgin High School.

To date, about 100 community members have volunteered to assist with putting on
the convention, many of whom will serve as competition judges. People are still
needed to help. Anyone interested in volunteering should call Anderes at
663-3301.

To see more of The Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lagrandeobserver.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Observer, La Grande,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090311-YL-LG-FFA-gear-up-for-state-convention-0311

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                                 Copyright 2009


                              67 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             March 11, 2012 Sunday

National urbanisation policy

LENGTH: 806 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 11 -- Khalilur Rahman

Vast tracts of farm land are gradually disappearing in the fast tempo of
urbanisation across the country. Last week agriculture minister Matia Chowdhury
disclosed that the country is losing, on an average, 0.1 per cent farm lands
each year. Speaking at a seminar on "Three years of alliance government:
Progress in agriculture sector and security in food and social safety net",
organised by Awami League in the city, she stressed the need for proper use of
land as it is limited. "We have to depend on this land for achieving
self-sufficiency in food through using new technologies", the minister stated.
She expressed concern over the decline in procurement of crops from country's
northern region and greater Mymensingh due to shrinkage of farm lands and felt
that new places must be found out to cultivate crops. We know that application
of modern technology will definitely boost agricultural output. Still we badly
need more land to produce more crops to feed increasing number of population.

Therefore, finding alternative places for cultivation, as suggested by
agriculture minister, is urgently required. But how to get it? By minimising use
of land for housing and other purposes we can save it for cultivation. In that
case proper planning is needed to protect farm land and, at the same time, build
shelters for the homeless people.

In a separate function held in the city on March 3.0 last State Minister for
LGRD and Cooperatives Jahangir Kabir Nanak said in next four decades most of the
people of Bangladesh will live in towns and as such it was essential to
formulate policies and plans for modernisation of urban settlements and develop
civic amenities. In this connection, Nanak disclosed that the government will
prepare a national urbanization policy to ensure sustainable development of
towns. He admitted that quick urbanization, now taking place, has given rise to
various problems and providing civic facilities to towns is difficult due to
resource constraints. Speaking at a seminar on Independent Municipality:
"Planning and Implementation Strategies", organized by Bangladesh Municipality
Development Fund, the state minister called upon the mayors to take into
consideration the needs of future generations at the time of undertaking plans
in their respective areas.

Last year shipping minister Shahjahan Khan had reiterated government's pledge to
ensure accommodation for all by 2021. According to vision 2021, the minister
said, the housing and public works ministry has started construction of
multi-storey buildings with modern facilities at different districts and upazila
headquarters. The shipping minister who was replying to a question from a
treasury bench member on behalf of the state minister for housing and public
works Abdul Mannan Khan informed the Jatiyo Sangsad (JS) that the National
Housing Authority is carrying out construction of flats for the small and middle
income groups in some districts and upazilas. He also expressed the hope that
all the housing projects would be completed within the tenure of the present
government. The government also plans to construct satellite towns at district
levels which aims at stopping influx of people to the capital. Construction of
satellite towns will be undertaken under Public Private Partnership (PPP), the
minister told the House.

It is indeed a gigantic task to ensure accommodation of millions of homeless
people in the country and that too within next ten years. Our experience with
the housing projects is far from satisfactory. Faulty constructions have
resulted in collapse or tilting of a large number of high- rise buildings in
Dhaka city and elsewhere in the country due to lack of supervision by the
authorities concerned.

Before undertaking housing schemes we should also try our best to save arable
land. As the country is heavily dependent on agriculture, saving of farm land
should be a priority. On the other hand, as the principal objective of the
housing for all is to stop influx of people to the capital and other cities,
there must be scope for employment in their respective areas. Otherwise, they
will be forced to crowd cities in search of livelihood. The housing facility
alone cannot stop them from going to cities if scope for employment is absent.
Therefore, small and medium agro-based industries can be set up at district and
upazila levels. Improvement of communication network through rivers, roads and
railways will play an important role in this regard.

A comprehensive plan to face the challenge is yet to be undertaken. Checking
population boom is urgently needed to reduce pressure on housing and all other
utility services. We must do it for the sake of our survival. (E-mail:
khalilbdh@gmail.com) Published by HT Syndication with permission from The
Financial Express.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Lint prices remain under pressure at cotton market

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Jan. 17 -- Physical prices remained under stress conditions with higher
influx of lint with range bound trading and firm spot rate, traders at the
Karachi Cotton Association (KCA) said on Monday.

The KCA kept the spot rate unchanged at Rs 5,500 per maund, floor brokers said.

Floor brokers said the buyers in Punjab and Sindh stations bought selective
grades on competitive prices, while sellers withholding raw stocks were bent to
offer produce on slightly lower rates.

They said buyers in Punjab stations bought second grade stocks at around Rs
4,300 per maund during the trading session.

They said buyers and sellers in Sindh and Punjab stations made some forward
deals on a month's delivery basis while private sector commercial exporters made
deals in all grades.

The prices of raw grade lint remained on the lower side as it was traded at
around Rs 3,800 per maund in Punjab and Sindh stations, brokers said.

Around 85 percent of the total market volume to 18,000 bales changed hands in
Punjab stations during the trading session, said floor brokers.

"The higher influx of lint pushed sellers withholding fine lint in Punjab and
Sindh to offer their produce on slightly lower prices," said fibre analyst
Shakeel Ahmad. "Correction in New York Futures market besides Indian selling put
some pressure on local market prices."

He said according to United States Department of Agriculture the world demand
for lint witnessed a decline around 13.5 percent despite the international
production rose by 6.6 percent.

He said Pakistan also witnessed an increase in production, which was registered
at around 12 percent to anticipate the total output at 15.2 million bales at the
end of April 2012.

He said fine lint remained in focus in Punjab stations as prices were registered
at around Rs 6,000 per maund per maund during the trading session. Ahmad said
buyers in Sindh stations remained eager for fine grade, while the sellers
offered their better grade above Rs 5,850 per maund.

The cottonseed prices in Sindh remained under Rs 1,600 per maund to Rs 2,100 per
maund and in Punjab they were at around Rs 2,400 per maund to Rs 2,800 per maund
depending on grade.

The New York Futures market remained stable as March Futures 2012 stood at 95
cents per pounds and May Futures 2012 at 96 cents per pound. Cotlook A index
stood at 100 cents per pound. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Influx Group


                                     India

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.influxindia.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Influx Group has grown multifold in the past eleven years with eight
companies spanning across multiple lines of business - Health & Wellness,
Agriculture, Retail, E-Commerce, Marketing, Distribution and Education &
Training.  The group comprises of four public limited and four private limited
companies.  Influx Group has state of the art infrastructure, own manufacturing
facility, warehouses, C & Fs, Distributors and Dealers. With highly professional
and experienced staff Influx manages its various activities very efficiently.
With innovative & world-class quality products and strong distribution network
Influx Group has presence in major states of India.  Influx Group has been
awarded by many State & National Level Awards.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              70 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Influx of cheap imports hurt Zim firms - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 433  words


COMPANIES in Zimbabwe are still being heavily affected by the influx of cheap
imports from countries such as China, South Africa and India, despite government
having introduced Statutory Instrument 64 of 2016 to counter that, NewsDay has
established.

BY MTHANDAZO NYONI

Briefing Industry minister Mike Bimha during tours of companies in Bulawayo
yesterday, the businesses said imports were still being smuggled into the
country despite SI 64 of 2016 having been promulgated.

"We have been highly affected by an influx of imports and this has affected our
production. We have been struggling in the past five years. What is worrying us
is that imports are still coming in despite SI 64 of 2016 having been
introduced. There are loopholes in the implementation of the SI, for example,
importation of fabric reinforced belts disguised as steel coded belts," General
Beltings general manager, Joseph Gunda said.

He said his company's performance has been affected. Gunda said their plant was
closed for one-and-a-half months and workers were sent home, as there was no
business.

"The workers were called last week due to orders we received from local mines.
Current orders, valued at $300 000, will be completed by August 17. Thereafter,
there will be no work, we will have to send workers home again," he said.

Gunda said, given strict and full implementation of the restrictive measures on
imports, their company would be a success story of government intervention to
revive the manufacturing sector within a short period.
Mealie Brand managing director, Walter Chigwada said they have lost market share
due to competition from cheap imports.

He said producing a plough locally costs $58, but imported ones land in the
country at only $35.
Chigwada asked the government to include companies in the agriculture sector
like his, in the SI 64 of 2016.
Bimha promised to look into the issues.

"The environment has been very tough due to imports and, as government, we are
working very hard to ensure that local industries are capacitated," he said.

The tours were held on the sidelines of the Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries
2016 annual congress, which kicked off yesterday in Bulawayo.

Government recently introduced stringent regulations meant to control the
importation of goods that are available locally. The regulations were gazetted
under SI 64 of 2016 by the ministry of Industry and Commerce.
The CZI congress is running under the theme Strengthening Value Chains for
Sustainable Industrialisation and Economic Development. The congress ends
tomorrow.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/385/1279/54/146970167119.png



LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2016 NewsDay
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                 July 11, 2011

The horn's dilemma: No food, no water, and no place to go

LENGTH: 427 words


Kenya and Ethiopia are buckling under the weight of thousands of refugees
seeking relief from the drought ravaging the Horn of Africa.  Ethiopia, facing
an influx of starving refugees from neighbouring countries, said on Monday it
needed $398-million to help millions of people in need of food aid.  The Horn of
Africa region has been hit by one of its worst droughts in decades, which has
left millions of people facing starvation.

"It is estimated that a total of 4.5-million people will require humanitarian
assistance during the remaining period of the current year from July to December
2011," Agriculture Minister Mitiku Kassa told reporters.  The figure marks a 40%
rise in those needing food aid since April.  On Saturday, the UN emergency
relief coordinator Valerie Amos called for long-term solutions to curb the
effects of the severe drought in Ethiopia.  Ethiopia has also seen an influx of
Somalis seeking relief from the harsh drought and food scarcity.  On Friday, the
United Nations Children's Fund said the lives of half a million children in the
Horn of Africa were at risk.  High food prices and the driest years since the
early 1950s have pushed many poor families in Kenya, Somalia, Ethiopia and
Djibouti into desperate need, Unicef said.  "We have over two million children
who are malnourished. Half a million of these children are in a life-threatening
condition at this stage -- a 50% increase over 2009 figures," Unicef
spokesperson Marixie Mercado said.  Child malnutrition rates in some camps are
at least 45%, triple the emergency threshold, Mercado said. Child mortality
rates are also very high.  "At one camp in Ethiopia it is above the emergency
threshold of four deaths per 10 000 children per day and that is also the case
in the Turkana district of Kenya," she said.  Unicef has appealed for
$31.9-million to help treat seriously malnourished children across the region
over the next three months. It plans to set up child immunisation campaigns,
especially against measles which can be deadly in unvaccinated children, and
provide safe water and better sanitation.  Since the start of the year 54 000
Somalis have fled across the border into Ethiopia, with more than 1 700 people
crossing daily in recent weeks, piling pressure on makeshift camps that are
struggling to handle the inflow.  In neighbouring Kenya, some 1 400 Somalis are
arriving every day, of which 80% are women and children. Some refugees are said
to have walked up to 30 days to reach the camps, the United Nations refugee
agency UNHCR said. -- AFP, Reuters

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ethiopia and Kenya are buckling under the weight of the hundreds of
thousands of refugees seeking relief from the drought ravaging the Horn of
Africa.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Financial Gazette (Harare)

                               November 14, 2012

Good National Policies Failing On Implementation [column]

BYLINE: Master Mushonga

LENGTH: 808 words


The major threat to the Medium-Term Plan (MTP) is to do with political discord
in the inclusive government particularly in year 2012. Politicians and their
parties are already in an election mood, and are trying to score points at each
other for their political survival. Despite there being a cabinet, as the
highest government planning and implementation organ, it seems the media has
becomes the new playing field on which the fighting for superiority is done.

It is imperative for Zimbabwe to improve its policy environment to make it an
attractive investment destination while ensuring that the welfare of our nation
and its people comes first. There is no winner in a failure! The moment we
realise that we are a people together and that our only pride will come from
success, surely there will be no time to waste. Action as in success, speaks
louder than words. China did it, India is doing it and why not Zimbabwe? Today
when China speaks, the whole world will listen because they are now a success
story.

There is no problem if one lowers the bar, practice harder and becomes a winner.
The challenge only comes when the bar keeps on being lowered to a point where it
reaches the ground. This is the scenario we are in as country, of revising
downwards our growth projections without improving the investment environment to
make it competitive. Quite a number of targets have been heading south. National
growth targets had been revised twice from 9,4 percent to 5,6 percent July and
now it is four percent. Next year's target is now 5,2 percent from 6,6 percent.
According to CZI industry survey report, capacity utilisation in manufacturing
sector has dropped from 57,2 percent from last year to 44,2 percent this year (a
13 percent drop). One will ask; what are we now doing differently to address all
our challenges?

If we get our politics right we will realize the growth we want, as politics
lead economy. We can have brilliant policies, plans and so on, but if the brand
Zimbabwe is not made attractive as a safe investment destination it is likely to
remain a dream. The country is failing to attract meaningful much needed foreign
direct investments, cheaper and long-term lines of credit from both regional and
multi-lateral financial institutions to finance its productive sectors and
infrastructure development. Surely, the manufacturing and agriculture sectors
are in the doldrums compromising exports competiveness and food security.

Our nation is now moving backwards into a trading economy of 2008, a number of
companies are downscaling, retrenching and some going under liquidation, with
our agriculture sector being underfunded. Surely, we are heading for disaster!
According to CZI survey, the worst capacity utilisation is in leather and allied
products sub-sector at 27,5 percent which is due to footwear imports especially
from China and Italy, killing our local industry. Some of the local players had
been pushed to concentrate more on school shoes manufacturing due to an influx
of cheap imports.

We have opened our borders to imports, to an extent that we are killing our
industry, exporting jobs to other countries and raw materials. Even if we are to
analyse a better performing sub-sector, which is the battery at 76,5 percent
capacity utilisation, its levels can be attributed to an increase in motor
vehicle imports from Japan and the West. The influx of cheaper and poor quality
imported goods is not doing our economy any good, calling for serious internal
capacity building which can be achieved on the availability of funding provided
we make our political matrix correct.

The poultry sector besides rapid expansion to meet local demand is being forced
to compete with imports from as far as Brazil to an extent whereby the country
is said to be spending approximately US$65 million on chicken parts imports
every month. This is killing the sector which is still trying to walk as it is
being forced to compete with big boys on the international markets. Can the
infant win the race? No! Zimbabwe needs to nurture, protect and support its
infant industries before allowing competition in. The MTP acknowledged that
cheap imports are affecting industry, but the country had gone to a point of
importing even tomatoes, onions, potatoes and so on, which are locally
available.

Zimbabwe is regarded as having high literacy rate in Africa, produce some of the
best brains which are sort after the world over, and produce some of the best
policies/plans which other countries just pick, dust, implement and transform
their nations for the good. Our challenge is on poor policies implementation
backed by political discord which is making some of the policies not achieving
desired goals. Politics need to facilitate for a conducive investing environment
for businesses to make meaningful contributions to the economy.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Time to weed out the illegals

BYLINE: Sean Augustin; Koi Kye Lee

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 766 words


CURBING INFLUX: 6P programme can play effective role in reducing foreign labour,
write Sean Augustin and Koi Kye Lee.

Dreaded by both employers and foreign workers, the large scale legalisation and
amnesty exercise known as 6P has just concluded, bringing in the third phase of
the exercise that will flush out the remainder of illegal immigrants who are
working and staying among locals.

The government recorded 3.1 million foreign workers in the country, of which
two-thirds are illegal.

After being extended twice from the original Oct 10 deadline, enforcement bodies
are ready to weed illegals out of their hiding places and those working in
unapproved sectors, freelancing as contractors and plumbers, the two jobs that
are not a part of the country's foreign workers' policy.

One of the 6P features that may just do the trick to prevent the influx of
immigrants would be the biometric system.

By now, thumbprints of legal workers would have been stored in a database,
preventing them from leaving one sector to join another, or deserting an
employer in search of a better paying job.

Human Resources Minister Datuk Seri Dr S. Subramaniam, however, said: "We are
still very dependent on them (foreign workers)."

He said businesses continued to clamour for foreign labour.

"Business owners said that without foreign labourers, their businesses would
take a hit, which in turn, would affect the economy."

The 6P exercise, Dr Subramaniam said could help change the situation.

There are five approved sectors, namely, plantation, agriculture, construction,
manufacturing and domestic help, of which the government has no qualms about
taking in foreign workers.

On top of that, 6P will put an end to the rampant abuse of the levy imposed on
foreign workers.

Would-be employers, Dr Subramaniam claimed, took advantage of the differing levy
charges set in each sector and fished for foreign workers with better deals.

This was particularly so with foreigners who were initially roped in for the
agriculture sector, with the lowest levy and later, ended up in the service
sector that imposed the highest levy.

According to the Malaysian Employers Federation (MEF), the annual levy charges
for foreign workers in the agriculture sector stood at RM410 each.

Those who operated restaurants and island resorts were charged RM1,250 and
RM1,850 respectively.

The biometric system which recorded data that included the workplaces and names
of their employers might just turn off employers, Dr Subramaniam said.

"Authorities now have the data of those hired under the agriculture sector, who
are working in the service sector.

"If the new employer, a restaurant owner for example, wants to legalise them, he
has to pay the additional levy to put them in the service sector.

"The increased cost will influence the decision to hire foreign workers," he
said.

The third phase of the programme -- enforcement -- that began yesterday would
see the "real result" in terms of reducing the number of foreign workers.

Meanwhile, MEF executive director Shamsuddin Bardan said the number of foreign
workers, both illegal and legal, was high.

This was because foreign workers were more prepared to work in sectors where
locals shunned, such as the service sector.

"The work environment is not attractive enough for our locals.

"No matter how much an employer is willing to pay them, locals shun them due to
the low social status associated with the jobs."

He offered a solution that might incur a little extra cost to the employers.
Mechanisation, such as investing in a dishwasher instead of hiring someone for
the job and telling employers to think about being capital intensive instead of
labour intensive.

"The fear among employers is that if they bring in high technology, the workers
may not be able to operate the machinery.

"I would not blame them for that attitude because the number of skilled
employees is only 28 per cent.

"By 2020, it could possibly increase to 40 per cent.

"Employees should learn to multitask and grab opportunities to upgrade their
skills through the Skills Development Fund introduced by the Human Resources
Ministry.

"It is an opportunity, but the response is lukewarm."

At the same time, Shamsuddin warned that the country was dependent on foreign
workers, especially in critical sectors, such as agriculture and plantation.

"These sectors are critical and if we discard foreign labour altogether, it
would be difficult for them to survive.

"Needless to say, to a certain extent, we cannot do away with them (foreign
labour) and we must be careful in gauging the sectors which would require them,"
Shamsuddin said.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Times (South Africa)

                            December 12, 2008 Friday

More doctors sent to tackle cholera

BYLINE: Werner Swart

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 217 words


MORE medical staff and supplies are being sent to Musina, in Limpopo, to attend
to the stream of Zimbabweans crossing the border to seek treatment for cholera.


 Water tankers, supplied by the provincial government and local farmers, have
been dispatched to the area, where eight people have died.
 Musina, which falls under the Vhembe district municipality, has been declared a
disaster area as it battles to cope with the influx of Zimbabweans.
 Limpopo government spokesman Mogale Nchabeleng said yesterday that the
authorities had to step up the pace in offering medical assistance as they
expect more Zimbabweans to arrive.
 Nchabeleng said extra doctors, nurses and tankers were being dispatched to the
area.
 "We expect an influx [of Zimbabweans] and our department will be monitoring the
situation very closely."
 Six of the eight people who had died were Zimbabwean and two South African.
 Nchabeleng said about 670 people had been treated for cholera.
 The UN announced yesterday that the cholera death toll in Zimbabwe had risen to
783.
 According to Agri-SA, farmers in Limpopo are now at the frontline of the fight
against cholera. They have joined the agriculture department in providing fresh
water to areas at risk and are handing out water-purification tablets. -
Additional reporting Helena Botha

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Times


                         Copyright 2008 AVUSA Media LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Timaru Herald (New Zealand)

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

Water pollution

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 533 words


I would like to inform Fish and Game, which funded a survey by Horizon Research,
that pointing the finger at the dairy section of agriculture for the pollution
to our waterways is rather hypocritical.

Without knowing where those who took part in the survey actually reside, it is
fair to assume they are mostly urban-dwelling.

The urban environment should be the first place to look for pollution, where
refuse, sewage and run-off water is concentrated in a small area, with little
chance of the local environment absorbing the pollution. To add to this, about
one-third of urban land is covered by concrete or steel, one third by vegetation
and the remaining third by oil (tarmac), which is continuously degrading into
the surrounding environment. This is where Fish and Game needs to concentrate
its efforts to get solutions. We all know this is not their flavour of the month
and would be politically devastating for them.

With regard to the use of water by farmers and the persistent opposition to the
water use to grow the New Zealand economy, the alternative is to leave this
valuable resource to flow into the sea and become contaminated by the ultimate
pollutant, salt. We are told the sea has too much water in it already, sea
levels are rising.

The constant criticism of dairying can be very tiring to these hard-working,
responsible people.

The fact of the matter is there has been a massive influx to all farms of ducks.
Ducks polluting waterways is the responsibility Fish and Game.

The numbers of these birds are in the hundreds, they are in paddocks, around
grain silos, polluting grassland. This massive influx of ducks can be seen at
any given time in the stock water troughs, in any waterways, and in lagoons and
ponds where no dairy stock are present, and their pollution is unbelievable.
Just look at the water quality in the local parks.

What would the general public think about the fact that wild animals are coming
down from the bush to farmlands and wreaking havoc on the land, not dairy
animals exactly.

The use of water for irrigation is not just confined to intensive dairying; all
sections of agriculture use water for their farming systems.

The general public needs to be informed as to where pollution actually comes
from. There are various sources that pollution could be attributed to and dairy
farming cannot be blamed for all pollution.

Instead of pointing the finger at dairy farmers all the time, why not look at
being proactive and supportive, look at the benefits to the community from the
dairy economy.

Why do Fish and Game, the Green Party, and environmental groups, assume that all
pollution comes from dairying? What possible reason do they have to try to wipe
out dairying in general?

We all know dairying contributes massively to the nation's economy, so why not
give credit to the fact that most dairy farmers go out of their way to act
responsibly towards keeping the waterways clean. There are more and more
restraints put on to farmers all the time. Farmers are penalised for any
pollution that can be proven.

To those living near dairy farms and complaining of smells, noise, whatever they
can dream up, there is an option: live somewhere else.

MERRIAL KIRK

Waimate

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Violence in Assam

BYLINE: Ravish Tiwari

LENGTH: 515  words


Violence in Assam

The violence in Kokrajhar and neighbouring districts in Assam has got both Sangh
Parivar journals, the Organiser and Panchjanya, describing the violence as a
"Hindu (Bodo)-Muslim communal clash" and faulting illegal immigration from
across the border for the flare-up. While both have displayed the Assam violence
on their cover pages, the Organiser has detailed reports and news analysis in
its inside pages.

While it underlines that the "mistrust" between the two communities is based on
the scarcity of land, the Organiser report faults Assam Chief Minister Tarun
Gogoi for having "miserably failed" to check "the Muslim influx" in order to
develop a "votebank". The report traces the origins of the current violence and
faults the state government for mishandling it, saying that "Gogoi of Congress
acts like a modern-day Nero".

The analysis accompanying the coverage puts to Indian Muslims that they too are
losing from the infiltration. "The irony is that Indian Muslims in Assam, for
all their religious affinity with the illegal Bangladeshi Muslim infiltrators,
lose just as much from the influx as the other native people of Assam," the
Organiser argues, stating that peace must be restored immediately while
stressing the need to resolve the "underlying problem" of illegal Bangladeshis
migrants.

Pawar Play

Agriculture Minister Sharad Pawar-led NCP's stand-off with the ruling Congress
has once again given Panchjanya an opportunity to declare the UPA an
"opportunistic alliance". In an editorial, Panchjanya stresses that it is the
vested interests of the alliance partners and the ruling Congress that is
holding them together, despite all the tussles between them.

However, the editorial expresses surprise over the thaw between Pawar and the
Congress, despite his decision to skip a cabinet meeting. The editorial alleges
that some sort of deal must have been struck between the two to resolve the
issue. "Obviously some deal has been struck. The entire tussle is about sharing
the spoils of power, after all, everybody wants equal share in it," it says.

Anna Footnote

Team Anna's efforts to shed even the impression of being linked with the RSS or
its affiliate organisations appears to have got the Sangh Parivar to move on as
well. Both weeklies have ignored the ongoing fast by the Team Anna members, with
an editorial in Organiser only cursorily mentioning the fast as a prop that has
once again brought the issue of corruption into the spotlight.

The editorial offers advice to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, saying that this
is his "last chance" to act against corruption. It laments the release of
politicians like Suresh Kalmadi and A. Raja on bail after the public outcry had
subsided and the issue had fallen off the radar. "The Congress strategy was to
pretend to be responsive to the public outcry. After tempers cooled off, the
scamsters were released on various grounds," the editorial charges.

The editorial underlines the PM's lack of "political baggage" and his "good
image in the public" and urges him to act against graft.

Compiled by Ravish Tiwari

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Sunday Telegraph (London)

                                 July 21, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Britain's farms need a huge influx of would-be agrarians to meet our food
production needs

BYLINE: ALEX JAMES

SECTION: LIFE;FEATURES; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 301 words


A farm is a magnificent place to raise a family. Four out of five of Britain's
farms are, in fact, family businesses - not all of them owned, many of them
tenanted but with long leases that pass down from generation to generation.
Those who grow up attuned to the lifestyle often leave school wanting to look
after the stock and the land.

But agriculture is a sophisticated and rapidly evolving science. Within living
memory, the fields that I can see through my window were all ploughed by horses.
Now combine harvesters as complex as battleships link to 21stcentury satellite
technology.

Keeping up to date with the science that underpins the developments in
agriculture and food production - and continuing to innovate while preserving
the resplendent monument that is the Great British countryside - is a challenge
for the next generation of farmers. Some of them hanker for the "university
experience", but many just want to find out what they need to know as quickly as
possible. Leaving the farm for two or three years isn't always an option.

There is plenty of support available for would-be agrarians. The Royal
Agricultural University in Cirencester is again offering a one-year farming
course - it was the major course in earlier days, attracting a group of young
aspirant farmers who just wanted to get on with it.

But if Britain is to meet the challenges of producing enough food for us all and
continuing to protect the environment, the industry needs an influx of new
people too, from farming and non-farming backgrounds.

Estimates vary but a figure of 60,000 over the next 10 years is bandied about.
The opportunities are tremendous - aspiring farmers just need a way in.

Currently, 60 per cent of the food we eat in Britain is produced in Britain.
Buying British is the easiest way to help them.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Best for families: Alex James on his farm

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Domestic rapeseed oil production faces challenges

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 563 words


With lingering low prices of rapeseed on the market and continuing influx of
cheap foreign rapeseed, domestic rapeseed has got into a fix, the Economic Daily
reported.

Every year, the nation launches the purchase and storage of various crops
including rapeseed, as a measure to regulate market prices. Food acquired on the
state system, mainly through China Grain Reserves Corp, from farmers nationwide,
will be auctioned.

This year, the situation seems even more complex. The state's store of rapeseed
oil in 2011 was auctioned earlier, the first batch of 4,992 tons, and the second
200 tons. But all the rest fell through.

"Price inversion and the high cost of purchasing and storage are the main
reasons leading to the unsold rapeseed oil," said Wang Cheng, a sales manager at
Zhonghe Food and Oil Group, a grain processor based in Hubei province, one of
the major production bases for rapeseed in China.

"The price of future Number 1401 rapeseed oil on the market has fallen to 8,064
yuan per ton, and the price of the spot rapeseed oil is only 9,100 to 9,500
yuan. But the cost of the country's temporarily stored rapeseed oil is as high
as 10,200 to 10,600 yuan per ton," said Chen Yanjun on July 16, a senior analyst
from China Zhengzhou Grain Wholesale Market.

Although the prop price or the state purchase price of rapeseed has been
increasing, the market price remains low. Now almost all the rapeseed oil on the
market is imported.

According to the Ministry of Agriculture, rapeseed imports from January to May
reached 1.655 million tons, a year-on-year increase of 37 percent. The influx of
cheap foreign rapeseed makes the production of domestic rapeseed oil
frustrating.

For farmers, growing rapeseed is a thankless task.

"If I grow rape on all my 4 mu (about 0.27 hectares) of farmland in autumn, I
could probably get 600 kg of rapeseed the next spring. Deducting all the costs,
I could only get 300 to 400 yuan," said Gong Zhengqiu, a farmer from Hubei
province.

Gong said that unlike 20 years ago, nobody wants to grow rapeseed anymore. Most
farmlands are empty during the winter.

"Farmers used to rush to carry the rapeseed to my house, but now it's very
difficult to collect. Sometimes you can hardly collect a car of rapeseed even if
you look for it for several days," food and oil broker Lu Guobing said.

Low quality of domestically grown rapeseed and high production costs are two
main reasons leading to the difficulties facing rapeseed oil market players.

Oil yield rate of imported GM rapeseed is 42 percent, with a water impurity rate
of 11 percent, while domestic rapeseed oil yield rate is 35 percent with a water
impurity rate of 14 percent.

Automation of rapeseed planting is low, and labor costs can be as high as 9,000
yuan per hectare. Machine sowing technology has no problem, but mechanical
transplanting and collecting are not ideal for domestic growers. Current rape
growing machines are all modified machinery that was used to cultivate rice and
wheat.

"We need to develop specific rapeseed cultivation machinery as soon as possible.
In addition, we need to promote concentrated land cultivation to reduce labor
costs," said Gan Yuhua, an official from the Hubei Provincial Department of
Agriculture.

The main growing season of rapeseed in the south is winter. Pests are fewer in
low temperatures, so the plants are real safe food, Gan added.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              April 1, 1985 Monday

Sudan at brink of disaster   after 3-year drought: report

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: Nairobi KENYA


NAIROBI  (Reuter) - Three seasons of serious drought and a massive influx
 of refugees this year have brought Sudan to the brink of disaster, a
 United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization report said today.

The FAO World Food Program report, released in Kenya, said production
 of the staple sorghum fell by 39 per cent last year, creating a deficit of
 at least one million tonnes, which has to be filled by donors if famine is
 to be avoided.

Dwindling grain stocks and poor harvests in most of Sudan's nine
 regions have caused the prices of sorghum and millet to soar, the report
 said.

Sudan suffers from severe economic problems and a rebellion in its
 southern areas as well as drought. Rioting flared in Khartoum for two days
 last week after the Government lifted price subsidies on bread, fuel, and
 other goods.

The report said some farmers in Sudan, a one- time grain exporter, had
 stopped cultivating altogether and migrated to less afflicted areas or to
 camps, while livestock died for lack of pasture or water.

The situation has been aggravated by an influx of about 300,000
 Ethiopian and Chadian refugees who have entered Sudan in the past few
 months, making the refugee population of about one million the largest in
 Africa, the report said.
    'Five to seven million people (out of a population of more than 20
 million) risk starvation. We still have an opportunity, if action is taken
 in the next two months, to avert a human tragedy of unknown scale,' a
 spokesman for the U.S. Agency for International Development said in
 Khartoum.

An international relief worker who recently visited Sudan said the
 situation is more critical than in Ethiopia at the onset of last year's
 famine emergency. Nine million lives are threatened by famine in Ethiopia.
    'This underscores how volatile the situation in Sudan is and what
 could happen in the next few months if relief supplies do not reach the
 affected people as quickly as possible,' he said.

The U.S. agency believes that as much as half of Sudan's food grain
 needs for 1985, estimated at 1.9 million tonnes, will have to be shipped
 in by foreign donors.

In July, 1984, the agency asked Washington for 82,000 tonnes of
 sorghum. The first shipload arrived in November.

It plans to bring in 777,000 tonnes of wheat and sorghum this year, and
 other donors - including Canada, West Germany, Japan and the World Food
 Program - have committed 76,000 tonnes.

This still leaves a deficit of about a million tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            July 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

SEEKING JUSTICE AFTER IOWA IMMIGRAION RAID

BYLINE: Phil Haslanger

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; PHIL HASLANGER; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 870 words


Catholics, Protestants, Jews - they are all drawing on their unique faith
traditions and cultural backgrounds to bring a bit of humanity and justice to
Postville, Iowa, after a dramatic immigration raid in mid-May at a meatpacking
plant there.

The drama in the town of 2,000 in northeastern Iowa, about 25 miles west of
Prairie du Chien, has drawn concern from faith communities in the Madison area
as well as across the nation. One public display of that concern will come this
Sunday when people from around the Midwest will travel to Postville for an
interfaith prayer gathering at the Catholic Church and a march through the town.

"This is a call for justice," said Sister Mary McCauley, the administrator of
St. Bridget's Catholic Church, in announcing the rally. "This is a call to be
faithful to our American and religious values. This is a call to stand in
solidarity with our Hispanic brothers and sisters."

Sandra Rybacheck, a Guatemalan in Madison who has been to Postville a half dozen
times since the raid to bring relief supplies, is working with local
Spanish-speaking congregations to try to get some area residents there for the
rally. And the local Interfaith Workers Justice Center and Workers Rights Center
have lined up a bus that will leave from the UW Memorial Union at 9 a.m. Sunday.

Jewish groups from St. Paul, Minn., and Chicago are joining in organizing the
event. That's significant because the meatpacking plant is the largest producer
of kosher beef and pork in the country. Its purchase by a Jewish family in 1987,
followed by an influx of Hasidic Jewish workers and families, was one
transformation of Postville, a traditionally German and Norwegian farming
community.

The next transformation came in more recent years with the influx of Hispanic
workers as employment at the plant skyrocketed. Many of them were Catholic.

You can see where the religious and cultural dynamics at work in Postville get a
little bit complicated.

The town and its meatpacking plant have been in the spotlight before. There were
reports on CNN and PBS and a book in 2000 about the conflicts between the
Hasidic Jews and longtime residents. Then in 2005, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, spurred on by the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals,
launched an investigation in the kosher slaughtering practices at the plant.

But none of that was quite like what happened on May 12, when some 900 agents of
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement took 390 workers into custody for
having false documentation about their legal status in this country. Some 290 of
them were from Guatemala, 93 from Mexico, and a handful from Israel and Ukraine.
It was the largest such federal raid ever at a single workplace.

St. Bridget Catholic Church was right on the front line. It had to deal with the
trauma of all the families that had suddenly been thrown into turmoil. The Rev.
Paul Ouderkirk came out of retirement. The parish has hired temporary workers to
help track court cases and it is a distribution center for food and money to the
families torn apart by the raid. It is also a gathering place for prayer.

Jewish organizations had to deal with the fact that a critical institution for
Jews who observe dietary restrictions had not only been employing workers with
false documents, but also faced serious allegations of exploiting those workers.
Some Jewish organizations have tried to deal with the justice issues around the
treatment of the workers. Other Jewish groups are sending money and truckloads
of food to help the families. And Jewish leaders are helping organize Sunday's
march.

In Madison, Rabbi Renee Bauer, director of the Interfaith Coalition for Worker
Justice of South Central Wisconsin, will speak at Temple Beth Israel on Aug. 9
about the situation in Postville. Protestant groups in Iowa - Episcopal,
Lutheran and Methodist bishops, as well as the regional leader of the United
Church of Christ - quickly joined the chorus of those denouncing the abuses
faced by immigrant workers. They also called attention to the exploitation of
immigrant workers during the cleanup following the floods that devastated so
much of Iowa during June.

All of this fits into a pattern of many faith communities entering the
hot-button issues of immigration tilting toward the side of the workers.

"Both the Hebrew Scriptures and the New Testament tell us to welcome the
sojourner in our midst and to include those who are excluded," said the Rev.
Julia Rendon, a staff member of the Iowa Conference of the United Church of
Christ. "We believe God cherishes every person, and as Christians we must stand
up for those who lack the resources to defend themselves."

Of course, this runs right into the national push against immigrant workers who
are in this country illegally. But members of the faith traditions involved in
the Postville situation recognize that while the political debate rages, the
lives of families are being dramatically affected by the actions of employers
who exploit them and government agents who exert power over them.

In the midst of all of this, it is this coalition of religious workers who are
injecting humanity and a sense of justice into what has become a nightmare for
one small community.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  The item also appeared on The Capital Times Web site.    Phil Haslanger
is a minister in the United Church of Christ who writes this column as well as a
blog on the Cap Times Web site. phaslanger@gmail.com

GRAPHIC: Associated Press file photo Detainees are escorted by Immigration and
Customs Enforcement officials for court in Waterloo, Iowa, in this may 2008 file
photo. They were among nearly 400 people arrested during a raid of the
Agriprocessots Inc. plant in Postville, Iowa.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           September 5, 2002 Thursday

Not the usual suspects

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 816 words



HIGHLIGHT: Simply rounding up illegal foreign workers and expelling them is not
the right way to handle the foreign labor situation. Editorial


This week a new police unit set up to deal with immigration began rounding up
foreign workers in an effort to deport those who are here illegally, as well as
to punish Israeli employers who knowingly violate the law by hiring them.

The police face a daunting task: Out of the roughly 300,000 foreigners working
in Israel, accounting for no less than 13 percent of the private-sector work
force, at least 50,000 are believed to be here without official authorization.

Given these numbers, together with the rising rate of unemployment among
Israelis, no one could dispute that the foreign worker situation has gotten
seriously out of hand. Nor is it contestable that this nation, like any other,
has the right to deport non-citizens residing here in violation of the terms
which allowed them to work here - although this should be done, as groups like
Kav La'oved rightly insist, in as humane a manner as possible.

But is it? Not when the government is both lacking a coherent overall policy on
the issue, and failing to make the necessary distinctions when dealing with the
human side of the equation.

The influx of foreign workers into this country accelerated during the boom
years of the 1990s, and intensified with the decrease in the use of Palestinian
labor following the repeated closures of the territories after terrorist
attacks. Foreign labor is utilized primarily by two business sectors,
construction and agriculture, on the premise that these jobs are too "menial"
for Israelis. Though it is arguable that for short-term relief some influx of
foreign workers was once necessary for these two sectors, they are now long past
the point of exploiting that privilege.

Construction in many Western nations, including the United States, is rightly
seen as "skilled" or "semi- skilled" labor largely carried out by unionized
domestic workers. Having been spoiled by a steady diet of cheap Palestinian
labor for decades, Israeli developers have used their considerable political
muscle to have the government approve their continued import of cheaper foreign
labor, rather than properly training and hiring Israeli workers who really need
those jobs.

The agricultural sector, here as elsewhere, does require seasonal workers to
carry out menial work. But many experts in the field have argued for years that
growing the kind of crops that require labor-intensive harvesting no longer
makes economic sense for this country, and the government should be discouraging
farmers from this practice rather than subsidizing them.

Unfortunately, the agricultural sector also exercises disproportionate political
influence, which it has used to warp official policy on the labor issue. This
was glaringly apparent when the government earlier this year, despite the
presence of those 300,000 foreign workers, responded to pressure from the Fruit
and Vegetable Growers Association and authorized allowing in an additional
28,000 workers to pick fruit. The inability to fashion a unified approach to the
situation was further illustrated when the Shas- controlled Labor and Social
Affairs Ministry, following what it dubbed a "closed sky" policy, barred most of
those workers from entering. The Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association
subsequently petitioned the High Court of Justice, which rightly demanded to
know why the government wasn't following through on its own decisions.

It is commendable that in the current crackdown the police are also targeting
Israeli employers who use and exploit illegal foreign workers. But it will have
little impact unless the prime minister appoints an official who will coordinate
among the various ministries that deal with this matter, and craft solid
criteria for where foreign labor is genuinely needed (such as, to serve as
full-time, live-in caretakers for the elderly and infirm).

Even after this is done, though, it must be acknowledged that it is too late for
Israel to fully put the foreign worker genie back into the bottle. Those
organizations fighting for the rights of foreign workers, among them Kav La'oved
and the Histadrut, exaggerate when they claim the right of continued residence
for every foreign worker. But thousands of foreign workers have given birth to
children here, or have married Israeli citizens. Having let this situation
develop through its own inaction, the government is now obligated to consider
their desire to remain permanently in this country, as has been the case in the
US and many European nations.

Deporting illegal foreign workers as humanely as possible; punishing employers
who exploit them; restricting their use to when absolutely necessary; and
granting permanent residence to those with a legitimate case for remaining in
this country - these must be the pillars of any effective policy on the foreign
labor situation. A policy of just "rounding up the usual suspects" is an
insufficient response to this growing problem.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                            February 8, 2011 Tuesday

ECONOMIC FORUM;
Rising food prices seed of unrest

BYLINE: Junichi Maruyama, Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 755 words


"Agflation"--a relatively new term that combines "agriculture" and "inflation"
to describe soaring farm produce prices--has become a vitally important word as
rising food costs cast dark clouds over the world.

The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization reported its foodstuff price index
rose for the seventh month in a row in January to reach 231, a record high
against a base of 100 from 2002-04. The index was up 3.4 percent from December
and hit a second straight monthly high after its previous peak of 224 in June
2008.

Food demand is expected to keep rising in fast-growing emerging economies such
as China, while poor harvests are predicted in many of the world's leading
agricultural producers because of catastrophic storms, droughts and other
climactic anomalies.

On top of all this, huge amounts of cash generated by the easy-money policies of
the United States and Europe have been flooding into commodity markets.

There are no signs that surging commodity prices will be curbed in the
foreseeable future.

Steep prices to stick around

The surge in food prices in 2008 took place in a similar environment to the
world's current situation--poor crops and political unrest in the Middle East.

The last food-price crisis also had many things in common with today in terms of
the global financial situation. Commodity prices shot up in 2008 partly due to
an influx of speculator money. At the time, investors had nowhere else to go,
with stock prices tumbling because of the U.S. subprime mortgage crisis.

Shortly after the beginning of February, the Reuters/Jefferies CRB
Index--representative of the world's commodity futures indexes, including crude
oil--temporarily went over 340 points against a base of 100 in 1967, a jump of
nearly 70 percent from the 200 reading in February 2009.

The 2008 food crisis was brought to an end relatively quickly as global business
slowed in the wake of the collapse of Lehman Brothers in the autumn of that
year.

The current spike, however, is likely to last and its impacts will spread
because of three major concerns that did not exist in 2008.

First, surging food prices have helped fan major political unrest in the Middle
East, touching off a vicious circle where political instability pushes crude oil
prices higher, which leads to increased public anger.

The antigovernment demonstrations raging in Egypt that followed the toppling of
Tunisia's president in January are, in part, due to popular dissatisfaction with
food that has become increasingly expensive. The result has been a highly
volatile Mideast, pushing crude oil prices over 90 dollars a barrel.

During the spiraling food prices of 2008, there were no such large-scale
antigovernment movements.

Soaring oil prices could easily spur further speculation in agricultural
markets, possibly exacerbating the already difficult Middle East situation. The
second concern is this influx of speculation money into commodity markets, which
will probably continue at least for the time being.

U.S. on brink of losing ally

Chances are slim the U.S. Federal Reserve Board will tighten its money policy in
the near future, which would only happen if the Fed judged the U.S. economy has
entered a full-fledged recovery.

The United States is on the brink of losing one of its major allies in the
Mideast, Egypt. Washington, however, has not stopped pouring greenbacks into the
region, a policy that has likely contributed to the political unrest in the
region and is akin to pouring explosives into the power keg of the world.

The final concern is that the political unrest in Egypt and other Middle Eastern
countries could spill into China.

Although China is now the world's second-largest economy after surpassing Japan,
income disparities in the huge country have continued to expand. The nation's
rapidly growing economy also has contributed to rises in food prices.

With rising prices of cooking oil, many of the populace are reportedly unable to
buy oil by the bottle, and are instead purchasing it by the spoonful.

If such a situation is left to fester, public frustration with rising food
prices could easily lead to protests against the communist government. Chinese
authorities seem well aware of this danger, and have worked hard to block online
reports of the unrest in Egypt.

As the proverb goes, "A grudge over food is a fearful thing."

It is extremely difficult for any government to control public dissatisfaction
when it comes to food. Scrupulous attention must be paid to agflation.

Maruyama is economic news editor of The Yomiuri Shimbun.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                               December 08, 2014

State Studies Local Beef Output

BYLINE: James Kunda

LENGTH: 442 words


THE Government has embarked on a study to determine Zambia's beef output with
the aim of reducing imports for the commodity.

Agriculture and Livestock deputy Luxon Kazabu minister said in an interview that
this came in the wake of concerns by stakeholders that the country did not
require imports of beef.

Mr Kazabu said the study would include comparisons in beef output and
consumption and findings will be submitted to the Ministry of Commerce, Trade
and Industry which issues permits for imports and exports.

"The Ministry has undertaken a study to determine the beef output and
consumption locally. These findings will de deliberated upon with our colleagues
in the ministry of Commerce as they have the mandate of issuing import permits,"
he said.

According to a statement posted on the Zambia National Farmers Union (ZNFU)
website, beef cattle producers complained over the reported increased quantities
of beef from other countries that have affected demand for the local products.

"Farmers informed the meeting convened at the ZNFU head office that they were
unable to sell their beef cattle to processors due to huge quantities of imports
that have flooded the Zambian market," read the statement.

The meeting was informed that cheap beef imports would undermine the major
investments in the beef industry facilitated by the multilateral financial
development institutions such as the World Bank.

Most of the beef meat and live beef cattle originated from regional markets such
as South Africa and Namibia.

More than a fortnight ago, Zambeef Products Plc said the local beef industry
risked collapsing if an influx of imported meat products was not checked on the
Zambian market.

Zambeef used to process more than 2,000 heads of cattle per month at Huntley
Farm in Chisamba only but it has reduced production to less than 1,300 due to
heavy competition posed by influx of imported meat products.

Zambeef Huntley Farm processing and abattoir general manager Ryan Crause had
said this when a team of experts from Commerce Trade and

Industry and Zambia Development Agency (ZDA) led by Permanent Secretary Siazongo
Siakalenge visited Huntley Farm,

The company has been forced to reduce production by 50 per cent due to heavy
competition in the industry.

"We have reduced production because the demand of meat production has
significantly reduced.

This is because imports have flooded the Zambian market, and those products are
going cheaply compared to our products," Mr Crause had said.

Some of the meat products are selling at K16 and K18 per kilogram while those
from local suppliers are on average costing between K24 and K26 imported
products at an advantage.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           October 13, 2012 Saturday

For migrant labour, Kerala is the new Gulf

BYLINE: Viju B

SECTION: KOCHI

LENGTH: 465 words


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For thousands of migrant labourers who pour into the state
from different parts of north and north-east India, Kerala is the new Gulf where
they earn above Rs 350/day, six times the national average.

A survey by the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) has highlighted that they
prefer to form the base of the labour pyramid in Kerala than flying to the Gulf.

The survey of their wage patterns and living conditions pointed out that a large
number of migrant labourers reach Kerala to work in different sectors like
construction, jewellery manufacturing, small scale industry, hospitality
services and food processing centres. Apart from high wages, better living
conditions also lure them to Kerala.

An average unskilled to semi-skilled labourer earns above Rs 350/day, six times
national average of Rs 50-70. A labourer earns around Rs 10,000/month.

"Migrant labourer reaching Kerala in unreserved compartments need not worry
about issues like huge international air fares, shoddy labour camp accommodation
and extreme weather conditions that are prevalent in Gulf countries,'' said Dr S
Irudaya Rajan, chair professor, Ministry of Overseas, Indian Affairs, Research
unit on International migration who coordinated the first-of-its-kind study.

The study, conducted in districts of Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Thrissur and
Kozhikode took four months to complete.

"Today we can see labourers from these states toiling even in farms and small
scale industrial units. The easy rail accessibility from any part of Kerala to
their home towns is another reason for the increase in the influx,'' said a
senior official of the labour department.

In the sample survey, migrants from West Bengal topped the list with 20%
followed by Uttar Pradesh and Bihar representing 20 % of the workforce.
Percentage of Tamil migrant workers stood at 18.

"This shows a good chunk of migrant labourers are still from Tamil Nadu in spite
of the huge increase in the number of migrants from other parts of the country.
Many Tamil workers have settled here with their families. They are self-employed
or work in hotel sector and other service industries,'' Rajan said.

While a relatively small section of migrants from other states are professionals
and skilled workers, large majority of them are unskilled or semi-skilled
workers engaged in construction, works, agriculture, industry and services.

The influx of migrant labour comes at a time when there is a decline in
migration of Malayalis to Gulf countries.

"There is a shortage of labour in Kerala's agriculture sector as the average
educated Malayali prefers white collar jobs. This scarcity has created jobs
especially at the lower end and also increased the wages much more than the
national average,'' Rajan said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

For migrant labour, Kerala is the new Gulf

BYLINE: Viju B

SECTION: KOCHI

LENGTH: 465 words


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For thousands of migrant labourers who pour into the state
from different parts of north and north-east India, Kerala is the new Gulf where
they earn above Rs 350/day, six times the national average.

A survey by the Centre for Development Studies (CDS) has highlighted that they
prefer to form the base of the labour pyramid in Kerala than flying to the Gulf.

The survey of their wage patterns and living conditions pointed out that a large
number of migrant labourers reach Kerala to work in different sectors like
construction, jewellery manufacturing, small scale industry, hospitality
services and food processing centres. Apart from high wages, better living
conditions also lure them to Kerala.

An average unskilled to semi-skilled labourer earns above Rs 350/day, six times
national average of Rs 50-70. A labourer earns around Rs 10,000/month.

"Migrant labourer reaching Kerala in unreserved compartments need not worry
about issues like huge international air fares, shoddy labour camp accommodation
and extreme weather conditions that are prevalent in Gulf countries,'' said Dr S
Irudaya Rajan, chair professor, Ministry of Overseas, Indian Affairs, Research
unit on International migration who coordinated the first-of-its-kind study.

The study, conducted in districts of Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi, Thrissur and
Kozhikode took four months to complete.

"Today we can see labourers from these states toiling even in farms and small
scale industrial units. The easy rail accessibility from any part of Kerala to
their home towns is another reason for the increase in the influx,'' said a
senior official of the labour department.

In the sample survey, migrants from West Bengal topped the list with 20%
followed by Uttar Pradesh and Bihar representing 20 % of the workforce.
Percentage of Tamil migrant workers stood at 18.

"This shows a good chunk of migrant labourers are still from Tamil Nadu in spite
of the huge increase in the number of migrants from other parts of the country.
Many Tamil workers have settled here with their families. They are self-employed
or work in hotel sector and other service industries,'' Rajan said.

While a relatively small section of migrants from other states are professionals
and skilled workers, large majority of them are unskilled or semi-skilled
workers engaged in construction, works, agriculture, industry and services.

The influx of migrant labour comes at a time when there is a decline in
migration of Malayalis to Gulf countries.

"There is a shortage of labour in Kerala's agriculture sector as the average
educated Malayali prefers white collar jobs. This scarcity has created jobs
especially at the lower end and also increased the wages much more than the
national average,'' Rajan said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Washington: Science Detectives Investigate a 'Mitey' Big Problem

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Marshals Service has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) scientists are hot on the trail of a
honey bee killer, and their detective work has taken them from hives in Tucson,
Arizona, to those in Bismarck, North Dakota.





 Led by Agricultural Research Service (ARS) supervisory research entomologist
Gloria DeGrandi-Hoffman, the team is staking out the entrances of victimized
hives, eyeing the comings and goings of foraging honey bees that they suspect
may be unwitting accomplices.



 Instead of cordoning off the sites with crime-scene tape, the scientists are
blocking access to the hives using cut lengths of PVC pipe with a slit about
midway down. There, a sliding wire-mesh door separates incoming bees from
outgoing ones.



 None of the busy little winged bearers of pollen and nectar will get by without
inspection-and for good reason: the researchers suspect the bees are physically
harboring their target: an oval-shaped, pinhead-sized parasite called the Varroa
mite.



 The Varroa mite is public enemy number one to not only honey bees nationwide,
but also the 90-plus flowering crops that depend on the insects to pollinate
them, including apples, almonds, blueberries and cantaloupe.



 The team's investigations in Bismarck this June are actually a follow-up study
to the one they completed last year at two Arizona sites. Findings from that
study suggest that bees can bolster their hives' existing mite population by
carrying in Varroas from other colonies-an influx that most often occurs in the
fall, especially November.



 Varroa populations grow slowly because females produce only three to five
offspring. If mite populations in colonies are low, then they should remain that
way for at least a season before chemicals called "miticides" need to be
applied, explains DeGrandi-Hoffman, who leads ARS's Carl Hayden Bee Research
Center in Tucson.



 Sometimes, though, Varroa numbers soar to potentially hive-wrecking levels
during the fall. To the researchers, this suggested that factors other than mite
reproduction were involved-namely, "mite migration" via foraging bees and
wayward "drifters" from other colonies. At the Arizona hive sites, this influx
of migrating mites correlated to population increases of 227 to 336 percent,
starting in November. The findings appeared in the February 2016 issue of
Experimental and Applied Acarology.



 In addition to further investigation at a Bismarck apiary, the researchers will
also evaluate placing hives in refrigerated storage in the fall to head off mite
migration into colonies. They'll determine the strategy's effectiveness based on
whether it reduces the need for miticide applications, keeps Varroa populations
low and results in high winter survival rates for colony members.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Jordan eases conditions for wheat tenders amid rising demand

LENGTH: 254  words


By Mohammad Ghazal - Jun 16,2016 - Last updated at Jun 16,2016

AMMAN -- Jordan has recently made changes to the terms and specifications of its
wheat tenders to attract more bids amid a rise in wheat consumption in the
Kingdom, a Trade Ministry official said Wednesday.

Under the new rules, Jordan raised the maximum level of sunn pest allowed in
wheat shipments from 0.6 per cent to 0.8 per cent, according to the ministry
official, who declined to be named.

Sunn pest is an insect which feeds on wheat. The new terms allow the wheat to be
treated for the pest at the origin, where the insects are found, the official
added.

"We made the changes to attract more bids from traders as over the past few
months we did not get enough bids for our tenders," the official explained.

Under the new rules, Jordan decided to adopt the US Department of Agriculture
(USDA) standards for testing of non genetically modified wheat if the shipment
contains live insects, weevils, larva and weeviled kernels, according to the
official.

Fines were also reduced for shipments that do not meet specifications on protein
dry gluten and the gluten index, said the official.

"Wheat consumption is rising in Jordan, and after the influx of more than 1.5
million Syrian refugees our consumption rose sharply," he added.

Jordan's consumption prior to the influx of Syrian refugees was at around 50,000
metric tonnes per month, but it currently stands at 80,000 metric tonnes per
month.

"Our reserve of wheat is enough for almost a year," the official added.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Campaigns supported from afar;
Majority of money in GOP race comes from outside region

BYLINE: By ZAC ANDERSON zac.anderson@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BN1

LENGTH: 608 words


With 40 members in the Florida Senate -- compared with 120 in the House -- every
vote is important on myriad statewide issues, from agricultural policies to
gambling regulations.

Which helps explain why Rep. Michael Grant has received campaign donations from
a Jacksonville race track even though the Senate district seat he is seeking
covers Sarasota County and parts of Charlotte and Manatee.

And it explains why Grant's opponent in the District 23 Republican primary race,
Nancy Detert, has received money from sugar growers in Palm Beach County.

In fact, more than 75 percent of the money in the GOP race has come from outside
Southwest Florida in advance of Tuesday's election.

The influx of outside cash is also attributable to a power struggle over future
Senate leadership. It is important for both candidates in the hotly contested
primary, which has featured numerous T.V. advertisements and an avalanche of
mailers -- but no negative campaigning, at least publicly. Behind the scenes,
the candidates have questioned each other's fundraising tactics.

Grant, a Port Charlotte private ambulance business owner, has raised about 26
percent of his campaign cash in local ZIP codes.

Detert, a Venice resident and former Sarasota County School Board member and
state representative, has garnered about 22 percent of her money from local
donors.

Those percentages do not include the most recent influx of money that candidates
reported Friday. Information on specific donors was not available, but the
totals released by each candidate for the final weeks of the race put Grant at
approximately $425,000 overall to Detert's $170,000 heading into the campaigns'
final days.

Grant's sizable money advantage -- helped by a fundraiser featuring Gov. Charlie
Crist -- has been offset somewhat by Detert's support from two political
committees that can receive unlimited donations: Taxpayers United and the
Freedom First Committee.

At least one of the committees, Taxpayers United, was funded with a $15,000
check from another committee, the Committee for Florida's Fiscal Future, which
is controlled by state Sen. Mike Haridopolos, R-Indialantic.

Detert, an account executive for an appraisal company, is supporting Haridopolos
to become president of the Senate. His committee's funding comes largely from
big businesses across the state.

Grant supports Bradenton Republican Sen. Mike Bennett for the Senate presidency.
Bennett has returned the favor by throwing fundraisers for Grant and using his
own political committee, funded largely by big businesses, to help Grant.

Grant also benefits from his current legislative position. Many Tallahassee
lobbying groups donate to their favored legislators, and some donate to all
active legislators.

Grant said the support from Bennett's committee has been minimal and did not pay
for any television advertisements or campaign mailings. He also questioned
Detert's reliance on money from political committees, even though her television
advertisements rail against special interests.

"I did it the old fashioned way and raised it myself," Grant said.

"By himself? Yeah, him and the governor and Mike Bennett," Detert retorted. "I
don't think he can walk into a room by himself."

Grant has a fundraising advantage, but Detert entered the campaign with higher
name recognition in Sarasota County after eight years as a state representative.

With the race likely to be close, neither candidate was taking any chances this
week. On Friday, Grant canvased neighborhoods in Sarasota County while Detert
attended a candidate's forum at the South County Tiger Bay Club.

"At this point it's pretty much out of our hands," Detert said.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2 MAP
 Candidate Nancy Detert has received money from sugar growers in Palm Beach
County. Rep. Michael Grant has received campaign cash from a track in
Jacksonville. STAFF MAP/ BARRY MCCARTHY Florida Senate District 23 (Map
available on microfilm)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             August 13, 2012 Monday

Ode to the humble potato researcher; In our view: Potato Research Centre gets an
influx of cash - and our thanks

BYLINE:

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 491 words


We love our French fries, don't we?

And potato chips, mashed potatoes, baked potatoes, potato scallop and especially
this time of year, potato salad.

Potatoes are the most important vegetable in Canada, accounting for 35 per cent
of all vegetable farm cash crops. The sale of potatoes brings in about $1.1
billion each year in Canada, and we in New Brunswick grow about 40 per cent of
the country's potatoes.

We do love our potatoes. And pretty much everything we'd ever want or need to
know about our favourite vegetable can be found right here in Fredericton.

At the Potato Research Centre at the experimental farm on Lincoln Road, there is
a dedicated staff that works every day to make the potato better - hardier, more
resistant to pests, healthier and so on.

And last week, the centre was the recipient of an influx of $250,000 for
research and innovation.

The money will fund the development of a national potato strategy, and study the
use of mineral oils to prevent the spread of a potato virus.

We are glad to see the federal Department of Agriculture continues its mandate
to research and innovation of our most important vegetable.

Earlier this year, all federal departments were tasked with cutting their
budgets by about 10 per cent. Thousands of federal civil servants have been
notified that their jobs are in jeopardy. It's not been a good spring and summer
for federal employees. That makes this funding announcement all the more
important - and welcome.

The business of studying and producing the best potatoes - taking place on the
Lincoln Road - has been going on quietly and diligently for a century. The folks
there don't get a lot of press. They're not inventing cures for diabetes or
saving lives.

But these undervalued and largely unknown scientists are working to maintain and
improve an industry of vital importance to the country.

It's just about impossible to underestimate the importance of the humble potato.
They rank pretty high on the world scale. They are fourth in world production,
behind corn, wheat and rice.

Canada sits 12th in worldwide potato production, growing about five million
metric tonnes in 2006.

The potato is pretty popular in New Brunswick as well. We cultivate about 50,000
acres of potatoes a year on 200 farms.

The world has bought New Brunswick potatoes for a century, and we sell them to
about 35 countries.

You know, potatoes aren't sexy. They don't find themselves in the latest recipe
crazes very often. They aren't usually the basis for the hottest dishes on all
those cooking shows we watch on TV.

In fact, you could say they're rather boring. But they have been what has kept
us alive, historically, on many occasions. They are the cultural and historic
staple of the New Brunswick dinner table. They are comfort food. They still form
the foundation for many meals in this country and province.

And it's great to know the experts here in Fredericton are working to bring us
the best potatoes possible.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2012 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              March 6, 2005 Sunday

What's the beef?

BYLINE: Lauren Donovan

LENGTH: 842 words


The ordinary Canadian cowboy just can't understand how the bull ride started
with beef safety and twisted off into a trade clash. Brian Ross, of Estevan,
Saskatchewan, president of the Saskatchewan Stock Growers Association, said the
longer Canadian cowboys are locked out of the American cattle market, the more
American cattlemen are at risk. The border had been set to open Monday after
being closed to live cattle for 22 months -- since a case of mad cow disease was
found in Alberta. Three more cases have been found since.

A federal judge in Billings, Mont., put an injunction on the border opening and
said a cattle advocacy group -- R-CALF United Stockgrowers of America -- should
have its day in court first. For now, Canada's hopes hinge on an appeal by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. The USDA had ordered the border open for live
cattle under 30 months of age, concluding that there is no reason to believe
that beef consumers or producers are at risk. R-CALF wants a chance to argue
otherwise. The Canadian cattle industry has taken a $5 billion hit since the
border closed in May 2003, Ross said. He said he believes -- and he's not alone
-- that Americans want to protect their profit margin, not their health. Ross
said the Canadian market was inching upward to about 80 cents a pound Canadian
for feeder cattle in anticipation of the border opening. It fell 10 to 15 cents
overnight on the news it won't, he said. Roger Hardy, a cattleman at Midale,
Saskatchewan, said the injunction was especially discouraging because western
Canadians always have been friends of America, hanging tough with them after
Sept. 11, 2001, and the Iraqi war, even when others around the world were
critical. "We will survive," Hardy said. "The border was closed yesterday, and
if it's closed Monday, it's still business as usual." Hardy said that some of
his friends and neighbors have been forced out of the business. The Canadian
herd contains about 6 million animals, and typically about 1 million live
animals are shipped to American feedlots and meatpackers. Ross said Canada's
meatpacking capacity has expanded 25 percent since the border closed. He expects
it will grow enough to handle all Canadian cattle by 2006, which could cause
some American meatpackers to close down and others to consolidate, generally
leaving American cattle producers fewer options. Hardy said the two biggest
meatpackers in Canada -- Cargill and IBP -- are both American companies. "Do
they care if the border's open? They can buy beef here cheaper, cut the heads
off and send it to you guys in the U.S. as boxed beef," Hardy said. The border
closing didn't affect boneless boxed beef, and Canada's million pounds of it in
the American market has remained a steady factor. Ross said the influx of live
Canadian cattle into the American market would cause a slight dip in price at
worst. Actually, that's what some expect on this side of the border, too. Prices
for fat and feeder cattle on the American side of the border have never been
better than the past two years. While the Canadian market's been holding down at
around 70 cents, on this side, feeder calves were still topping out at around
$1.24 a pound last week. The strong market is the result of short beef supplies
in the country, a big beef appetite and reduced input from Canada. It's good
money -- better than most have seen for their calf crop. Tim Larson, a cattle
buyer from Sidney, Mont., watched a recent sale at Stockmen's Livestock in
Dickinson. Larson said he doesn't anticipate the devastation some predict when
Canadian cattle come in. He said the effect of Canadian cattle back in the
market might cause a soft drop of 5 to 8 cents a pound, followed by a rebound.
Ted Uecker, a Hettinger buyer, said he doesn't want to see Canadian cattle in
the U.S. "What do we owe them? What do they do for us?" Uecker said. He said the
situation has everyone on pins and needles, and that it would be just as well to
open the border. Cindy Fugere, a cattle producer from rural Belfield, said she
and her husband sold their feeder cows earlier than usual to get ahead of any
Canadian influx. "We're expecting things to get chaotic," she said. Larry
Schnell, whose family owns Stockmen's, doesn't expect chaos. He didn't see
producers panicking while the border was still expected to open. He, like
Larson, and Ross from Saskatchewan, said an influx of Canadian cattle would
cause a moderate dip in the market that would take about three to six months to
steady up. Even so, Schnell said he thinks the border should remain permanently
closed. He said the relatively small number of Canadian cattle in the American
market isn't really the problem. Rather, it's the leverage that access to
Canadian cattle gives to the American meatpacking industry. "Is free trade a
situation where we give up an industry to another country? Most years we have an
overabundance of cattle in this country," Schnell said. (Reach reporter Lauren
Donovan at 888-303-5511 or lauren@westriv.com.) Cutline: Lauren Donovan 2 photos

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2005 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                 April 28, 2013

Paz View Correct

LENGTH: 402 words


THE Poultry Association of Zambia (PAZ) executive manager Mathews Ngosa perhaps
has a valid point when he says there is no law in Zambia which prevents foreign
nationals from engaging in poultry farming.

Even in the medical field, the cure would certainly be of no value to the
patient if the doctor does not talk to him/her about the disease and what not to
do to prevent some diseases.

There have been concerns raised by Zambians that foreigners should not be
allowed to conduct certain businesses that could be undertaken by Zambians.

These include trading in groceries, second-hand clothing and shoes, running
restaurants and sale of anything in market places.

Local poultry farmers have equally complained about the influx of Chinese
nationals selling chickens and eggs, even in places where they could perfectly
suit as street vendors.

All these have brought about stiff competition with the locals who, by virtue of
normally being ill equipped in terms of business skills, have ended up on the
losing end.

Thus the never-ending complaints against the influx of foreign nationals
engaging in menial trading businesses, and these complaints are likely to
continue as long as there is nothing on the statute books restricting certain
businesses to Zambians.

Even leaders who have been voicing their opposition to foreigners conducting
small businesses will equally go nowhere as long as this opposition is not
backed by legislation.

Our Chinese colleagues, who are the subject of this comment, have indisputably
brought in the country massive investments ranging from railways through
construction to agriculture and mining in which they have pumped billions of US
dollars and employed thousands of Zambians.

This is what is expected of our foreign visitors who, in addition, are supposed
to impart those skills we lack into the locals.

Unfortunately, we hear that foreigners are also actively involved in unskilled
jobs which could easily be done by ordinary Zambians.

This has also been happening because we as a country lack laws restricting
certain jobs to expatriates.

We are living in a free-for-all society, and as long as we simply keep on
complaining, foreign nationals will continue doing petty businesses.

So authorities should take courage and not just lift up their voices against
foreigners doing menial jobs, but show their commitment to this by inserting
into our labour laws a clause stating who does what.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday

Leading article: EU employment: Labouring Europe's point

SECTION: GUARDIAN LEADER PAGES; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 426 words


Advancing European integration has always required a trade-off between
self-interest and a commitment to a wider agenda: thus the common agricultural
policy was born of a deal that helped French farmers and German industry; the
single market was good for businesses everywhere but required accepting rules
from Brussels; scrapping internal tariffs boosted Europe as a global trade
power, and so on. Every enlargement of the club, from the accession of Britain,
Ireland and Denmark in 1973 to the "big bang" of 10 new entrants in May 2004,
has taken place on the basis of solidarity - and the certain knowledge that
everyone stood to gain.

Still, since national interest remains paramount, 12 of the 15 old member states
exercised their right to temporarily restrict the free movement of labour when
they welcomed the eight ex-communist countries (and Cyprus and Malta). Frontline
Germany and Austria, concerned by a possible influx of far poorer Poles, Czechs
and Slovaks, insisted on the right to protect their labour markets for up to
seven years. Britain, Ireland and Sweden did not. So yesterday's report from the
European commission is timely in showing that eastern Europeans have not crowded
out native workers but have helped ease skills bottlenecks, especially in the
building and catering sectors. It shows too that restrictions are easily and
legally circumvented. Daily Mail-type warnings about benefit "scroungers" have
not materialised despite the arrival in the UK of 290,000 eastern Europeans
since May 2004. Irish economic growth has benefited from a big influx though
there have been strains on the welfare system and there is growing popular
support for imposing work permits or quotas.

But the easterners have become surrogates for wider fears: thus the
near-mythical image of the Polish plumber in France, which helped produce the no
vote in last May's constitutional referendum. With 9% unemployment, France is
desperately short of plumbers of any kind. Unfortunately that does not mean it
is going to lift its restrictions by May 1. Spain will, as will Finland - which
has found that Estonian workers are not a problem. Denmark will not.

Naturally enough, it is in low-wage Prague, Warsaw and Bratislava where there is
most anxiety to see this period of transition and double standards come to an
end, as it must, by 2011. But in our globalised world open borders and the free
movement of labour are in everyone's interest. If the noble principle of
European solidarity is to be upheld, they should become realities sooner rather
than later.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Chatham Daily News

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Warmer climate signals farm boom in north; Northern Ontario transforming itself
as more farms are established

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Postmedia Network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 564  words


Cheaper land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons
why Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during his presentation at the South West Ag Conference in Ridgetown on
Wednesday.

Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee. is also
a farmer and the reeve of Kerns Township in the Timiskaming District, near the
Quebec border.

Phillips said his area, known as the little clay belt, already has
well-developed agriculture, but a belt to the north, spread almost across
Northern Ontario and into Northwest Quebec, known as the big clay belt, is ready
for development.

That's an area of about 16 million acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of Southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for between $1,000 and $1,500 per acre,
said Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting
of coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, Phillips about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have
been both cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial
funding.

"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips.

Major crops include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats.

In 2015 the New Liskeard area, where he lives, had soybean yields of about 48
bushels per acre.

Minor crops include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax,
buckwheat, white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones - zero," said Phillips, but they do have rock outcroppings
- large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the presence of the
rock, he said the soil can run very deep.

"On our own farm, we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost-free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 degrees Celsius.

While Northern Ontario is more farm-friendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to Southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of French-speaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful also because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.
drobinet@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 Chatham Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Saudi Arabia warns of MERS risk from camels

LENGTH: 632 words


Text of report in English by privately-owned Jordanian news agency Ammun News
website

AMMONNEWS -Saudi Arabia said people handling camels should wear masks and gloves
to prevent spreading Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS), issuing such a
warning for the first time as cases of the potentially fatal virus neared 500 in
the kingdom , Reuters reported.

Health experts say camels are the most likely animal source of infection for the
disease, which the Saudi Health Ministry said on Sunday three more people had
caught and four had died from.

First reported two years ago in Saudi Arabia, MERS is a coronavirus like SARS,
which originated in animals and killed around 800 people worldwide after first
appearing in China in 2002. There is no vaccine or anti-viral treatment against
it.

Around a third of the 483 diagnosed with MERS in Saudi Arabia have died.

Saudi Arabia is still the focal point of the outbreak, although cases have been
reported in other Middle Eastern countries, in Europe and in the United States,
which had its first confirmed case last month.

The link between human cases and camels -which have a special place in Saudi
society -is the subject of extensive study among scientists abroad. But it has
been relatively absent from much of the official domestic debate.

In a statement, the Agriculture Ministry advised people not to come into contact
with camels unless necessary and to wash hands before and after if they did, as
well as wearing face masks, state news agency SPA said on Sunday.

"It is advisable to wear protective gloves, especially when dealing with births
or sick or dead (camels)," it said, according to SPA.

It also advised only eating cooked camel meat and to boil camel milk before
consuming it.

The statement urged people to report symptoms of MERS in camels immediately.

Only one of dozens of people working near an auction pen in Riyadh's camel
market on Sunday was wearing a mask, and there were no signs of any official
visit from the authorities, a Reuters photographer said.

Ramadan influx

Public disquiet in Saudi Arabia has grown amid rumours on social media sites
about a lack of transparency from officials about the spread of the disease.

The recent upsurge in reported cases is also of wider concern, not least because
of the influx of visitors from around the world expected in July during the
Muslim fasting month of Ramadan, and again during the annual Haj pilgrimage in
October.

In a move the Health Ministry said was aimed at countering the spread of the
virus, Riyadh on Tuesday replaced the head of the King Fahd Hospital in Jedda,
where many of the new cases have been recorded.

The World Health Organization said outbreaks of MERS in the city's two main
hospitals were partly due to breaches in its recommended infection prevention
and control measures.

After a five-day mission in Saudi Arabia, WHO also said there has been no
significant change in the virus' ability to spread.

Scientists say MERS does not transmit easily between people.

The Health Ministry first linked MERS with camels at a news conference last
month, but the Agriculture Ministry statement was the first official
notification for those working with the animals.

Camels provide a link to an important but vanishing nomadic tradition in Saudi
Arabia. They can be traded for thousands of dollars and some are entered into
races which are popular across the Gulf region.

Traders, breeders, vets and handlers at the main animal market in Riyadh told
Reuters last month authorities had given them no advice or warning about the
link between camels and MERS.

Saudi Arabia, a US-ally and conservative absolute monarchy, allows little public
dissent and is often secretive about subjects seen as politically sensitive.

Source: Ammun News website, Amman, in English 2125 gmt 11 May 14

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                                October 24, 2014

Pirates threaten fishing industry

BYLINE: Lawrence Seretse

SECTION: AFRICA

LENGTH: 1092 words



HIGHLIGHT: Illegal fishing in Lake Ngami is a threat to species and local
livelihoods and any move against it could spark conflict with Zambia and the
DRC.


The Botswana ministry of environment, wildlife and tourism's failure to crack
down on illicit fishing operations in the wetlands of Ngamiland and the Chobe
region may result in extinction of species, economic losses, and destruction of
livelihoods in the northwest of the country.Information gathered by the
Oxpeckers Centre for Investigative Environmental Journalism suggests that the
influx of Congolese and Zambian fishermen at Lake Ngami has left authorities
worried about the depletion of resources and environmental challenges that arise
at the fishermen's informal settlements.Lake Ngami falls at the southwest fork
of the Okavango Delta and mostly feeds from the inflows of the delta. The
Okavango, one of the largest bodies of inland water, was recently listed under
the Ramsar wetlands of global importance by the United Nations.Along the lake's
shores, fishermen can be seen drying fish and packing it in large consignments
ready to be trucked into Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). A
few years ago there were less than 200 fishermen from other countries, but the
numbers have exploded to more than 3?000.Ngami farming communities have appealed
to the ministry to suspend fishing at the lake because of a proliferation of
squatter camps and the uncontrolled influx of pirate fishermen attracted to
Botswana by the booming fishing opportunity on the lake.Bareetsi Bogaisang,
chairperson of the Lake Ngami Fishing Cluster, said the problem had escalated
beyond control.

There was a high demand for bream and barbel in Zambia because these species had
been overfished in that country, he said."The Zambians now come to Botswana and
fish in bulk," said Bogaisang. "Some even put in orders for 30?000 to 45?000
fish a month - a figure that has increased from about 7?000 a couple of years
ago."The rising demand has caught us unprepared. This explains the failure to
monitor, regulate and protect the trade from this exploitation," Bogaisang
said.The influx of Zambian fishermen has brought with it the failure to control
the market prices because desperate individuals were often outbargained and sold
their fish for one pula (R1.20) or P2 (R2.40) when the cluster's agreed pricing
was a minimum of P4 (R4.80) a fish.Bogaisang said the area was being polluted
because there were no cleaning facilities and rotting fish intestines clogged
the water. A few years ago the department of fisheries fell under the ministry
of agriculture. It has since been moved to the ministry of environment, wildlife
and tourism, but the guiding policies for dealing with fishing have not yet been
revised. Bogaisang said the new ministry was more concerned about conservation
and tourism than about fishing for food and trade.Domestic animals that feed
from the lake are also a source of conflict. Some farmers' cattle have been
rejected by the Botswana Meat Commission after detection of diseases caused by
feeding from the polluted wetland area, said Bogaisang.Bogaisang said the
farmers were pushing the department of environmental affairs to put measures in
place for ecofriendly use of the site, but were still waiting for recourse.In
January the ministry banned a number of animal exports, including hunting
trophies, but fishing was not included. There is an ongoing attempt to review
existing legislation that is proving to be too outdated to combat illegal
fishing.An official at the department of environmental affairs, Dr Michael
Flyman, said there had been growing concern about the mushrooming of illegal
fishermen who exported fish without proper permits to the DRC, Zambia and other
neighbouring countries.He said a management plan to involve local residents in
the sustainable use of all resources in the area was in the pipeline."A
management plan has been finalised to guide all the existing land uses dependent
on the lake. This includes birding, fishing and the biodiversification of all
flora and fauna within the lake." Flyman could not say when the plan would be
implemented.It appears the Botswana government is treading carefully for fear of
fuelling cross-border conflict between the main players in the fishery sector
and pirate fishermen. This conflict is based on accusations and
counteraccusations of overexploiting fish stocks, underpricing and illegal
exports in the Ngami area.Last year the government temporarily banned foreigners
from fishing, reserving both recreational and subsistence fishing for Botswana
citizens. Foreigners could fish only through a licensed fishing camp or
lodge.This move was criticised by locals because it was regarded as not good for
business, restricting income generation in the poverty-stricken district. The
ban was soon lifted because political candidates complained that it would deal a
serious blow to their campaigns in an election year, said one of the candidates
for the ruling party. - oxpeckers.orgLocals fear privatisation will benefit a
fewLocal residents have opposed fishing concessions around Lake Ngami and the
Okavango Delta after the government embarked on an aggressive plan to privatise
fishing grounds in the Selibe Phikwe Letsibogo dam. Ngami leaders said their
worst fear was that only a few well-connected individuals would benefit from the
privatisation of natural resources, including fishing, in the wetlands.They said
the fishing industry could be sustainable, benefit locals and add to gross
domestic profit if licensing regulations were revised and some clauses
specified. Currently, "the licence does not stipulate how much you can fish and
how many people can be allowed to hire your licence," said Bareetsi Bogaisang,
the chairperson of the Lake Ngami Fishing Cluster.He said that, as with hunting
licences, fishermen had an unethical habit of giving away their licences to
foreign commercial fishermen. "You can find that 30 people are fishing at the
same time using one licence," Bogaisang said. The ministry introduced a hunting
ban in January after discovering that many local hunters were hiring out their
quota licences to commercial outfits that allegedly killed indiscriminately,
threatening Botswana's wildlife and tourism.Bogaisang said of the 3 000
fishermen on Lake Ngami, only 146 had official licences. A licence costs P200
(R239.95) and can be used for three years. "Stringent new rules have to be
imposed to control the fishing and the full-scale commercialisationof the
industry," he said.Lawrence Seretse is an associate of the Oxpeckers Centre for
Investigative Environmental Journalism. Read the Botswana Country Report 2014
here.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The West Briton

                                January 6, 2005

'Farming needs influx of new blood'

SECTION: News; Business; Agri/Fish/Food; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 275 words


Agriculture in Cornwall needs an influx of new, young, keen and energetic
farmers, according to one industry leader.  Next year could see a marked and
welcome boost for agriculture in the county if all the constituent ingredients
of a potential success story can be brought together.

That was the message from the branch chairman of the Cornwall branch of the Land
and Business Association Andrew Baylis, who said that the critical issue for the
future was how to attract new and younger blood into farming.

"There is no doubt that for Cornwall, with its relatively high percentage of
small farms with their particular focus on livestock and dairying, 2005 is
likely to be another challenging year," he said.

"The introduction of the Single Farm Payment could provide the catalyst for
change and for many to review their own future.

"Alongside that, I hope that the farming community in Cornwall will take full
advantage of the Fresh Start programme, due to be launched in January." But the
key issue would be the ability to attract new entrants into an industry which
was notorious for the high age of its workforce.

Mr Baylis added: "The average age of farmers in this region is high and rising,
but for the industry to survive we need new energy and an openness to new ideas.

"The problem is that new entrants are only likely to be people who wish to farm
rather than act as rural groundsmen.

"That is where this combination of CAP reform and the Fresh Start initiative
could, together, provide the impetus we need to make 2005 a real year of change.

"All the right ingredients are on the table. We simply need to assemble them."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2005 The West Briton


                              97 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Thailand must prepare for challenges ahead

LENGTH: 1409  words


In February, I discussed, with cautious optimism, the reality of our transport
megaprojects and the sizeable impact on businesses. In particular, the service
sector would subsequently flourish. As urbanisation accelerates from better
connectivity, property and retail developments will quickly follow. Tourism
businesses will expand to these new urban cities. Relatively new service
businesses, such as transport maintenance, would be established in key junctions
and pit-stops, as trains, planes and ships multiply.

Indeed, the crowding-in effect in the form of commercial business investment
would rapidly materialise as developers rush to capture various opportunities.
Oftentimes these businesses combine to make large-scale transport projects more
economically feasible.

Most recently, "market sounding" to test the viability of commercial business
surrounding a new rail transportation hub in Bang Sue has been well-received by
private investors. This rail plus commercial development, or the so-called
"Transit-Oriented Development", will help to shorten the break-even period. In
Hong Kong, the revenues from commercial business around the MTR subway stations
helped to make the rail project profitable in eight years, or about half of a
typical break-even period of a stand-alone rail development. These service
business revenues have also overtaken revenues from fares.

Now with more than a trillion baht having been spent completing these
megaprojects and more to come from public and private funds into our service
sector, a myriad of structural shifts are bound to transpire. Here I want to
highlight two.

The most pertinent structural shift is labour migration. A massive labour shift
from the agricultural sector into the service sector is to be expected and
welcome, albeit with caution. Multi-trillion baht megaprojects will create tens
of thousands of jobs in the service sector. These jobs will emerge not only in
construction, but also in hypermarkets, hotels and restaurants, as well as local
logistics businesses that will increase along with new infrastructure
development. This new demand for workers will attract labour currently employed
in the agricultural sector.

In the case of South Korea, the structural change in labour was drastic. Before
Korea's transport infrastructure boom, the nation's share of labour in the
agriculture sector and the service sector both stood near 35%. As soon as the
first set of infrastructure projects was completed in 1980, many young workers
started to leave farming to take jobs in service businesses that popped up along
the new road and rail routes. As a result, the share of labour in agriculture
dropped to lower than 20% while that of the service sector rose to above 50% in
just 10 years.

For Thailand, given substantially higher compensation in the service sector, the
labour transition from farming to service appears inevitable amid a labour
shortage. Relevant parties will need to explore mechanisms to provide adequate
skilled training necessary for jobs in service businesses. At the same time,
mitigation of food security risks is urgently warranted. Urban planning will be
essential to handle rapidly-expanding congestion due to an influx of out-of-town
workers.

Secondly, we must prepare for foreign competition in the service sector.
Growth-seeking foreign franchises will be more than eager to look to Thailand to
expand their businesses.

This is akin to the burst of foreign direct investment (FDI) in the service
sector that China experienced after rural roads and high-speed rail links were
built. With the government also in support of the shift to a service-led
economy, service FDI, especially in real estate, leasing, retail and logistics
increased tenfold in one decade. FDI in China's service sector now accounts for
more than 60% of total FDI.

Will Thailand witness a similar influx of FDI in our service sector? Even though
currently maintaining a protectionist stance, Thailand will soon be forced to
liberalise its FDI rules to allow for more foreign ownership in the service
sector. This shift will be crucial for Thailand to remain competitive in the
battle for foreign money in the Asean arena.

In fact, just a few months ago, Indonesia took a big step forward to modernise
its "Negative List of Investment". The nation plans to open up 35 sectors to
full foreign ownership, including many service businesses such as e-commerce,
restaurants and the film industry. Several service sector businesses will also
see an increase in foreign ownership to 67% such as distribution and warehousing
(from 33%), air transport services (from 49%) and construction consultancy
services (from 55%).

So, is Thailand ready to take on this big challenge against foreign titans when
the time comes? Not quite.

With more than one trillion baht allotted for civil work for the megaprojects,
perhaps Thai contractors stand to lose the most should foreign players be able
to step in. With this enormous stake in infrastructure development, construction
work will attract not only local contractors but also international players who
have ample experience. Currently, most foreign players lack exposure in the Thai
market because of the lack of a domestic track record and limited understanding
of our bureaucracy.

Nonetheless, several foreign contractors have already established their
footprints in infrastructure projects by partnering with Thai local contractors.
These players could become serious competitors for public works in the future.
Coupled with proprietary technologies and machinery, competition could heat up
in the Thai construction industry.

Foreign competition will surely aggravate problems in our aviation industry. We
are already witnessing aggressive expansion by the heavily subsidised
state-owned gulf carriers as well as those of several foreign low-cost carriers
in Thailand. The recent ICAO and FAA's downgrades of Thai aviation standards
further put Thai airlines on a different playing field.

Can it get worse for local airlines? Undoubtedly yes. Further liberalisation
would allow foreign airlines to operate on domestic routes currently restricted
to Thai national airlines under the 49% foreign ownership rule. Foreign players
equipped with cost competitiveness, better safety records and IT integration
could likely steal market share from domestic incumbents.

Other local logistics businesses are also likely to face more incursions from
foreign players. With geographic advantage, Thailand has been on the radar of
many international logistic service providers (LSPs), some of whom have already
set up a presence in the country. An upcoming transport infrastructure upgrade
along with the growth in trade demand among Thailand and CLMV countries will
make the logistics business in Thailand even more attractive.

Foreign LSPs will bring with them state-of-the-art technology. Advanced cost
control technology such as Global Positioning System (GPS) and Big Data
Analytics to track truck locations and manage routes would be their competitive
advantage. Our remaining competitive edge, which is the knowledge of the area
and familiarity with the documentation, will quickly fade away.

Note that with an influx of foreign investors, competition for talent will
intensify. Indeed, both unskilled and skilled labour will be subject to mass
headhunting. For skilled pilots and vehicle drivers with specific operating
licences, the loss to foreign players will spell doom for incumbents. Workforce
replenishment will take tremendous effort and time, and is not something to take
lightly.

Megaprojects will open up vast business opportunities, especially in the service
sector; in turn, the country must be prepared for the rising structural changes.
A shrinking labour force in agriculture will create a threat to food security
and other social and environmental challenges from urbanisation, while the
influx of foreign investors means complacency is not an option for domestic
incumbents. As far as public-private partnerships go, it is perhaps high time we
collaborated in all aspects to control these shocks from getting out of hand;
otherwise, the nation will face a tough road ahead.

Sutapa Amornvivat, Ph.D. is Chief Economist and First Executive Vice President
at Siam Commercial Bank. She has international work experience at IMF, ING Group
and Booz, Allen, Hamilton. She received a BA from Harvard and a PhD from MIT.
eic@scb.co.th | EIC Online: www.scbeic.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                             January 9, 2017 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Northeastern Ontario farming is on the grow

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Postmedia Network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 536  words


Cheaper land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons
why Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during a presentation in Ridgetown on Wednesday.

Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee. is also
a farmer and the reeve of Kerns Township west of New Liskeard.

Phillips said this area, known as the Little Claybelt, already has
well-developed agriculture, but the belt to the north of Kirkland Lake, spread
almost across Northern Ontario and into Northwest Quebec, is ready for
development.

That's an area of about 16 mil-lion acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of Southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Terry Phillips Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for between $1,000 and $1,500 per acre,
said Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting
of coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have been both
cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial funding.
"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips. Major crops
include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats.

In 2015 the New Liskeard area had soybean yields of about 48 bushels per acre.

Minor crops include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax,
buckwheat, white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones -zero," said Phillips, but they do have rock outcroppings
-large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the presence of the
rock, he said the soil can run very deep.

"On our own farm, we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost-free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 degrees Celsius.

While Northern Ontario is more farm-friendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to Southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of French-speaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful also because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo);

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2017 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday
                                   E2 Edition

SA aids Sahel nations in crisis

BYLINE:  Peter Fabricius  Foreign Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 261 words


SOUTH Africa is providing major humanitarian assistance to four countries of the
Sahel region that have been struck by drought, famine, terrorism and a huge
influx of people from the conflict in Libya.

It is to give "impressive" amounts of food and agricultural supplies to Niger,
Mali, Chad and Mauritania as well as an undisclosed sum of money.

Minister of International Relations and Co-operation Maite Nkoana-Mashabane
announced the aid package after an AU Peace and Security Council meeting called
to respond to the Sahel humanitarian crisis, in Bamako, Mali, on Tuesday.

She said the council expressed deep concern over the crisis facing several Sahel
countries because of environmental degradation, climate change and food
insecurity.Those problems were aggravated by the crisis in Libya, the influx of
internally displaced people and the rise in transnational organised crime,
terrorism and the proliferation of weapons.

The four core Sahel states - Mali, Niger, Mauritania and Chad - had asked SA for
help and it would, as a matter of urgency, deliver food and nutritional aid to
them directly, and was working out a plan for medium-term help.

The minister said SA also undertook to contribute to the international donor
effort to help the Sahel, including contributions by the World Food Programme
and the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation, as well as the Gift of the Givers
charity.

It also agreed to give money directly to the four governments, "with a
suggestion that the funds be pooled with inputs from other donor sources
relating to the emergency plan".

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

USDA funds to help build?new road for yogurt plant ?;
Genesee County gets nearly $200,000 grant? for secondary access to handle influx
of trucks

BYLINE: By Jonathan D. Epstein - News Business Reporter

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 570 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded nearly $200,000 in federal funds
to Genesee County to support construction of a new access road for Pepsico's
Muller Quaker Greek Yogurt factory and Alpina Foods.

USDA Rural Development's Rural Business Enterprise Grant program is providing
$199,821 to the county to design, engineer and build a secondary access road
into the Genesee Valley Agri-Business Park in Batavia that is needed to handle
the influx of trucks and employee vehicles.

The grant was announced by New York's two Democratic U.S. senators on Monday.
Other planned infrastructure improvements to the park include building an
aquifer needed by food processors.

With the improvements, Muller Quaker Dairy, an international yogurt producer and
joint venture between Pepsi and a German firm, will be able to finish its $206
million manufacturing facility that is expected to generate 186 jobs in the
short-term and up to 600 in the long term.

Alpina, which plans to open its own yogurt factory this fall, expects to create
another 50 new jobs after it finishes its own construction.

The new funding comes after visits to the facilities and public calls for
federal investment in infrastructure by Sens. Charles E. Schumer and Kirsten
Gillibrand, who touted the award in separate news releases.

"This federal grant will literally pave the way to a booming Greek yogurt and
food processing hub in Batavia," said Schumer.

Both politicians have fought for assistance from various agencies to help the
agriculture park's road, sewer and water infrastructure. Besides the yogurt
factory, they say improvements will support other tenants like Alpina, while
bringing more jobs and attracting new business to the rural county, such as
Genesee Valley Mushroom, which wants to build a 70,000-square-foot
mushroom-growing facility with 100 employees.

"Muller Quaker Dairy is excited to be able to produce and ship our delicious
yogurt to eagerly awaiting consumers in the U.S.," said Sam Lteif, Muller Quaker
Dairy's CEO, praising Schumer in particular. "The senator's efforts are helping
to make New York State the nation's center for yogurt manufacturing."

Schumer called on the USDA in January to help the Genesee County Economic
Development Corp. close a $1 million funding gap needed to upgrade the park's
infrastructure, and then continued lobbying as he helped both the county and the
Town of Batavia apply for the grants in April. That resulted in a $105,500 grant
from USDA in May to upgrade an essential pump station to boost the park's
wastewater system capacity.

Additionally, the U.S. Economic Development Administration in July awarded $1
million to construct an aquifer-direct water supply system, since municipal
water is not ideal for making yogurt products.

Gillibrand said she helped secure $58,000 in USDA Rural Development funding last
September for initial infrastructure upgrades to the Agri-Business Park,
including expansion of existing roads and utilities.

"This is an important investment that can help attract more businesses to the
Genesee Valley Ag-Park and support more jobs right here," Gillibrand said.

"I know the potential the Ag-Park has to help local businesses grow and be a
major economic driver for the region. Investing in transportation infrastructure
is one of the fastest, most effective ways to create new jobs now, and lay the
foundation for more jobs to come."?

email: jepstein@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                               December 02, 2013

Dairy Processors Engage Govt

LENGTH: 443 words


Dairy processors in Zimbabwe have submitted a proposal to the Government on how
best the industry can be driven back to its past glory following an influx of
imported dairy products on the local market, an official in the industry said on
Friday.

The processors want Government to consider introducing a 25 percent levy on milk
imports.

Speaking during a tour of the new US$7 million plant in Kwekwe, Dendairy
director Mr Daryl Archibald said all the players in the dairy industry have met
with the Government over possible initiatives that can ensure revival of the
sector.

"Nestle, Dendairy and Dairibord have submitted their proposals to the Ministry
of Finance on how best the Government can chip in towards making sure that a
level playing field is created between imports and locally produced goods.

Mr Archibald said Zimbabwe consumes at least 10 million litres of milk every
month with half of it being imported from South Africa as boxed milk.

He said the Government was also going to impose a small duty on imported raw
materials such that dairy producers will start producing locally at high
capacity.

Mr Darren Coetzee, who is also a director of the company, bemoaned the influx of
imported dairy products on the local market which he said was threatening the
revival of the industry and called on the Government to impose strict policies
on imported products so that they get something for the national coffers.

The dairy industry is currently operating at 45 percent capacity, producing 51
million litres of milk annually against a national demand of around 120 million
litres.

The vacuum has been being filled by imports mainly from South Africa, New
Zealand, the European Union, the United States and Australia.

National milk production increased from 150 million litres in 1980, peaking at
256 million litres in 1990 before plummeting to an all-time low of 36 million
litres in 2009.

The industry has since shown signs of recovery and it has managed to produce 51
million litres in 2011 through an initiative that was spearheaded by the
Zimbabwe Dairy Industry Trust. Government has also moved in to halt the
continued and disruptive acquisition of dairy farms to save the industry from
collapse.

The country has a potential to process 400 million litres of milk per year.

Mr Coetzee said the company was looking for partnerships with local milk
producers as they are looking to meet the three million litres milk requirement
for its new Tetrapak plant.

Dendairy invested US$7 million for the purchase of a Swedish-made Tetrapak
processing plant which has seen the company becoming the first local dairy firm
to introduce long shelf-life milk on the market.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               Berwick Advertiser

                               November 24, 2005

Racial tensions on the rise with influx of European immigrants

LENGTH: 501 words


RACIAL tensions are on the rise in towns like Berwick and Duns which have seen
an influx of European immigrants.

Police on both sides of the border admit there has been an increase in race
related trouble which they are now taking steps to nip in the bud.

Insp Ken Simpson of Lothian and Borders Police said: "There was quite a lot of
tension in the Duns community last year when there was a large influx of
foreigners, predominantly Portuguese. Many of them have decided to stay in the
community, while this year they have been joined by a lot of Poles and
Lithuanians. That creates its own problems, particularly the differences in
culture which we as a police force are having to come to terms with and put more
resources into. We are having to deal more frequently with issues such as
alcohol related problems, drink driving, carrying knives and domestic violence.

"What we have to do is try to educate them that they have moved into our
confines and those actions will not be tolerated but it is a difficult issue
that has posed us major challenges."

Dozens of immigrants have been tempted to these shores by the opportunity to
earn a better wage and enjoy a higher standard of living that they could in
their home country. In this area that means jobs in the agriculture sector at
places like Duns-based fish processing factory Farne Salmon.

Insp Simpson said: "We have to be more welcoming and are now working far closer
with their major employers, for example in setting up a strategic group to look
at the difficulties they can face in health and education and to help them
integrate better into the local community."

Concerns have been raised that Duns' social problems are now starting to
transmit to Berwick aswell where incomers have recently been involved in late
night disorder.

However, Simon Lord, principal housing officer at Berwick Borough Council, said:
"We are now starting to house Portuguese people so over time there is a
community going to develop.

"They have got rights for services and housing, just as anyone else would. These
people are making their homes here so we do need to get together and look to see
how we can help them integrate into the community."

There was also a warning that agricultural services in the region would collapse
if it was not for the immigrant population willing to take on these jobs.

Jim Manning, head of community safety at Ipswich Borough Council who was
visiting Berwick for an alcohol related crime conference, said: "Portuguese
migrant workers have every right to be here, as much as we would to go and work
in other parts of the EU. We need to make this better known to the local
population who often see these immigrants as a threat to their jobs.

"However, I know that in Ipswich's case - and probably Berwick's aswell - that
our agriculture services would seize up without these migrant workers who are
prepared to work in the farming and food processing sectors while many locals
aren't."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc


                              103 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

influx of poultry 'raises bird flu danger' Poultry influx 'raises danger of bird
flu outbreak';
With live chicken imports banned, alternatives like the silkie fowl are allowed
into HK despite being as susceptible to viruses, expert warns

SECTION: /EDITORIAL/CONTENT/SCMP/NEWS/CITY; nws front .pgl; Pg.3

LENGTH: 679 words


An influx of alternative birds to feed a gastronomic gap in the Hong Kong market
left by a ban on live chicken imports increases the risk of a deadly bird flu
outbreak, an expert has warned.


The concern was raised after it emerged that of the 5,643 birds that were
slaughtered in a cull at Cheung Sha Wan wholesale ­market last week, only 48
were chickens.


The rest were silkie fowl, ­pigeons, chukars and pheasants.


According to Dr Howard Wong, a former government ­adviser on avian flu who is
now a consultant for the United ­Nations, silkie fowl - also known as Chinese
chicken - are just as susceptible to bird flu as the common chicken but continue
to be imported from the and sold in Hong Kong's wet markets.

It's a mistake to import these birds from China - no other country would take
that riskDr Howard Wong

The strange-looking bird, which is notable for its poodle-like plumage, is not
bred in Hong Kong and as such could only be entering the city from farms on the
mainland, where this year at least 16 people have died following two outbreaks
of avian flu.


"It's a mistake to import these birds from China [given the outbreaks] - no
other country would take that risk," Wong said.


"Common chickens are generally thought of as the culprit for avian flu, but
that's just because of their high volume on the market," the former principal
veterinary officer for Hong Kong's Food, Agriculture and Health Department and
executive director at City University's School of Veterinary Medicine said.


"While there isn't much ­research into the susceptibility to avian flu of birds
like the silkie fowl, there is no evidence that would suggest they are any less
of a risk."


Aside from common chickens, only pigeons are known to be less susceptible to
avian flu.


Sales of live chickens resumed last Thursday after more than 3,000 samples taken
from local poultry farms were found to be clear of bird flu.


Meanwhile, the Food and Environmental Health Department is carrying out a study
into its policy of allowing the sale of live chickens in wet markets.


"The government is conducting a consultancy study on the way forward of the live
poultry trade in Hong Kong, including whether the sale of live poultry should
continue," a spokesperson for the department said, adding that a public
consultation on the subject would take place later this year.


"Imported food poultry - such as chicken, silky chicken, pigeon, guinea fowl,
pheasant and chukar - must be sourced from registered farms under the
supervision of the mainland authority.


"The government is adopting very stringent biosecurity and quarantine measures
at various levels of the live poultry supply chain to prevent avian influenza
and protect public health."


Since 2014, 7,209 poultry have been culled at wet markets, according to figures
from the Agriculture, Fisheries and Conservation Department. Of these, 28,827
were common chickens, 8,038 silkie fowl, 2,775 chukars and 1,625 pheasants.


The keeping of live birds for consumption in wet markets across Hong Kong
remains a contentious subject for public health and animal welfare reasons.


"The Food and Environmental Health Department are doing a review into the wet
market from a public health angle, but we're also being consulted from the
animal welfare perspective," Karina O'Carroll, of NGO Animals Asia, said.


She expressed concern about the transportation methods through which live
poultry are brought to Hong Kong. Birds are kept in such close proximity that
cross-contamination of disease is likely. "We don't agree with the traumatic
methods [used] and we believe the poor hygiene standards increase public health
risks," she said.


The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also weighed in, adding
that bringing in live poultry for public display was an antiquated practice.


"Historically Hong Kong wet markets kept live poultry so that people could check
the conditions of the birds, and also so that meat was fresh," said Dr Fiona
Woodhouse of the SPCA. "But now we have refrigerators and quality control,
there's no justification for the practice anymore."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

Fresh crop slices veggie rates by 25%

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 272 words


The arrival of fresh vegetables in the market has brought down their prices in
retail as well as in the wholesale market. Vegetable prices in wholesale have
come down by nearly 25% while in the retail market, the rates have declined by
10% to 20% only.

A fortnight back, at least six vegetables were selling at over Rs 100 a kg.

On Wednesday , however, no vegetable was priced at Rs 100 or more in the retail
market. Even the tomato -it was selling at Rs 100 a kg earlier this month -is
now available for Rs 80 a kg in Satellite area of the city . Officials of the
APMC said fresh influx of vegetables in the market had led to reduction in their
prices.

However, officials said that compared to prices at this time last year,
vegetable prices where still around 20% higher in the retail market.Rates are
expected to further stabilize by mid-September.Usually, the market stabilizes by
the end of August but this year the delayed arrival of the monsoon had led to
delay in sowing and, hence, the reduced influx of vegetable crops in the market
as compared to last year.

Officials said they are expecting vegetable prices to be higher as compared to
last year as sowing too had been

adversely affected this year.Sowing of vegetables usually takes place in 2.26
lakh hectares of land in the state. But this year so far, it had taken place
only in 1.46 lakh hectares as against 1.80 lakh hectares that were sown by this
time last year.

It was the successful sowing of onion that had given agriculture officials a
reason to cheer. Onion had been sown in around 60,000 hectares -the same acreage
as previous years -in Bhavnagar and nearby areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            June 24, 1987, Wednesday

WASH. FARMERS ARE CONFIDENT FRUIT WILL MOVE

BYLINE: GREGORY S. JOHNSON; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: TRUCKING, Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 546 words


Despite an an early harvest, fruit producers in northern Washington said
shipments of their crops will move with or without badly-needed migrant farm
workers.

The big problem is we are two weeks earlier than normal in picking time for
cherries and apple finishing time, said Bill DeWitt, manager, Wenatchee Valley
raffic Association of Wenatchee, Wash.

WVTA represents the fruit industry in north central Washington as a freight
association, Mr. DeWitt said.

We normally start picking cherries in late June but we're starting earlier this
year because of weather, he explained. Optimum weather conditions have made
harvesting ideal, he said.

Migrant workers don't want to come in 10 days ahead of time, they don't read the
papers so they figure the time of last year's harvest will begin around the same
time, he said.

But growers complain another reason they are having a hard time finding laborers
to pick perishable crops is because the new immigration reform law is slowing
the influx of Mexican workers.

The administration says it is trying to cut some of the red tape that has helped
delay the flow of Mexican field workers needed in the harvest areas, but
officials concede results may take a while.

Ewen Wilson, acting assistant secretary for economics, Department of
Agriculture, said the Immigration and Naturalization Service was told to work
with the State Department to see what could be done about speeding up the
paperwork that workers must complete in Mexico.

We'll begin to see an influx of people next week or so, he said.

Apples shipments from Washington are not affected because much of the Washington
apple crop has been picked months ago and stored, said Fred Tolan, president of
Fred H. Tolan Freight Co. of Seattle, a non-profit shipper's agent.

But there is a problem with the soft fruit, such as cherries, Mr. Tolan said.

Tony Alegria, traffic manager for Snow Kiss Growers Cooperative, a Yakima,
Wash., cherry pro ducer, agreed.

Snow Kiss sometimes ships as many as 30 truckloads of cherries a day, although
it is presently moving 11 truckloads a day, he said.

Shipments have dropped for two reasons, he said. It's getting near to the end of
last season's apples, which were harvested in September and Oct ober of 1986, he
said. The apples we have stored are now being shipped out.

Mr. DeWitt said about 10 percent of the state's apples and pears move by rail.
The state ships out about 5,500 and 6,900 truckloads of apples in December, he
said. But in May we shipped 4,370 truckloads, he said.

He said there are 4,300 truckloads of D'Angau (winter) pears, while the Bartlett
(summer) crop is about 1,700 truckloads.

He said this season's cherry crop could be about 2,500 total truckloads, a tad
higher than the previous year's crop of 2,200 truckloads. The cherry shipments
should begin to run in the latter part of July, he said.

But Washington is not alone in its largesse, he added. California, Michigan, New
York, Pennsylvania and Virginia are all expecting bumper apple crops as well, he
said.

Bumper crops or no, Mr. Alegria said transport in the rich farming area is never
a problem. The area is served by a network of over-the-road truck firms and a
larger number of owner-operators, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: A SHIPPER SPEAKS

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              106 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                             April 30, 2001, Monday

Exports of Farm, Fishing Goods on Steady Rise

LENGTH: 401 words


   The nation's exports of agricultural, livestock and fishing products have
continued to increase this year.

According to the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry yesterday, exports of
related goods stood at $347.7 million in the first three months of the year, up
10.5 percent from a year earlier.

The outbound shipment of related products continued to surge, with the exception
of pig meats whose exports have been severely hit due to the outbreak of
foot-and-mouth disease starting in March, said the ministry.

The exports of fruits, in particular, registered a phenomenal growth rate of
68.9 percent year-on-year, reaching $10.2 million in the first quarter, largely
boosted by the brisk overseas sales of apples and pears.

Ginseng exports, amid prospering sales in the Japanese market, also rose by 28.9
percent from a year earlier while the shipment of vegetables soared by 13.3
percent, encouraged by the flourishing sale of strawberries and paprika.

The export volume of forestry by-products and kimchi continued to increase but
the exports in value terms contracted by 11.7 percent and 6.3 percent,
respectively, edged by the drop in export unit prices and the devaluation of the
Japanese yen.

Of processed goods, the export of instant noodles surged by 26.4 percent year-on
while the overseas sales of confectionary and wood products rose by 2.8 percent
and 5.6 percent, respectively.

In the meantime, pork exports that were discontinued last year when the
foot-and-mouth disease broke out were resumed beginning at the end of last year,
mainly to the Philippines.

The Ministry said pig meat exports hit $12.80 million between January and March,
down 80.8 percent from a year earlier.

In contrast to the generally sluggish sale of general manufactured goods, the
export of agricultural products have continued to increase, helping the nation
in its bid to cope with the economic hardship through exports, said a ministry
official.

In conclusion the official warned that The establishment of free trade accords
is expected to prompt the influx of low-priced foreign agricultural products,
undermining the foundation of the domestic agricultural market.''He failed to
mention, however, that Korea's economy is mostly industry and service oriented,
not agricultural, and that consumers would get cheaper food with the influx of
more low-priced agricultural products.''

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2001 Hankook Ilbo


                              107 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                           August 23, 2006, Wednesday

WELCOME TO THE UK ..ALL 427,000 OF YOU;
32K EAST EUROPEANS GETS SCOTS JOBS

BYLINE: By Magnus Gardham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 587 words


MORE than 427,000 eastern Europeans jobseekers have flocked to Britain during
the last two years.

A Home Office report published yesterday revealed 32,135 of them had settled in
Scotland.

It follows the admission of eight former Eastern Bloc countries to the EU in
2004.

Most workers were from Poland, where unemployment is 15 per cent. There were
also significant numbers of Czechs, Lithuanians and Slovakians.

The UK total of 427,095 is dramatically more than the 13,000 each year that the
Government had predicted.

And it only includes those registered to work by an employer, not the
self-employed, suggesting the true totals may bemuch higher still.

Only 344 of the immigrants to Scotland received any benefits during the last two
years.

The hotel and catering trade was the biggest employer of new arrivals, with 27
per cent north of the Border working in the sector.

Others have found work in agriculture, office work, food processing and
manufacturing.

The Executive said the influx was a boost to their Fresh Talent initiative.
Launched in 2004, it aims to recruit up to 8000 skilled immigrants a year to
stem a fall in Scotland's population.

Since 2004, 76,200 people arrived in and 53,000 left the country - a net gain of
23,200.

An Executive spokeswoman said: "It proves Scotland was and continues to be an
attractive destination for migrant workers.

"We welcome skilled, talented and hard-working people who can make a positive
contribution to the Scottish economy.

"Obviously we will consider the report carefully and see how it can help us take
forward the Fresh Talent initiative."

Murdo Fraser, deputy leader of the Scottish Tories, said: "The experience of
immigration into Scotland was generally positive, with immigrants making an
important contribution providing skilled and unskilled labour.

"However, we have to be aware that our public services and housing facilities
will struggle to accommodate an endless supply of immigration.

"There is also a question about indigenous Scots who are not working or in
low-paid jobs."

East Anglia saw the biggest influx in the UK, more than 64,000 workers. This was
attributed to the number of farm workers needed in the area.

Next most popular destination was London, with 58,000 new workers.

Home Office minister Tony McNulty said: "Migrant workers from the accession
states are benefiting the UK, by filling skills and labour gaps that cannot be
met f rom the UK-born population."

But shadow immigration minister Damian Green called for curbs on workers
entering the country when two more countries join the EU next year.

Pressure group Migration-watch, who campaign against mass immigration, predict
300,000 Romanians and Bulgarians will arrive.

Green said: "Controlled immigration makes life much better for everyone
involved.

"It ensures the public service and housing infrastructure can cope and avoids
people coming here only to end up without work and on the streets."

Poland, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovakia and
Slovenia joined the EU in 2004, along with Malta and Cyprus.

HOW IT ALL WORKS OUT

More than 32,000 east Europeans have found jobs in Scotland in the last two
years.

Office jobs 4905

Hospitality/catering 8540

Agriculture 6410

Manufacturing 1915

Food processing 4185

Health/medical 1485

Retail 795

Construction 2040

Transport 780

Entertainment/leisure 385

Others 695

Total 32,135

The figures cover those registered to work by an employer but not those who are
self-employed, a category which includes many in the building trades.

RECORD VIEW: Page 8

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Fresh crop slices veggie rates by 25%

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 334 words


AHMEDABAD: The arrival of fresh vegetables in the market has brought down their
prices in retail as well as in the wholesale market. Vegetable prices in
wholesale have come down by nearly 25% while in the retail market, the rates
have declined by 10% to 20% only.

A fortnight back, at least six vegetables were selling at over Rs 100 a kg. On
Wednesday, however, no vegetable was priced at Rs 100 or more in the retail
market. Even the tomato ? it was selling at Rs 100 a kg earlier this month ? is
now available for Rs 80 a kg in Satellite area of the city. Officials of the
APMC said fresh influx of vegetables in the market had led to reduction in their
prices.

However, officials said that compared to prices at this time last year,
vegetable prices where still around 20% higher in the retail market. Rates are
expected to further stabilize by mid-September. Usually, the market stabilizes
by the end of August but this year the delayed arrival of the monsoon had led to
delay in sowing and, hence, the reduced influx of vegetable crops in the market
as compared to last year.

Officials said they are expecting vegetable prices to be higher as compared to
last year as sowing too had been adversely affected this year. Sowing of
vegetables usually takes place in 2.26 lakh hectares of land in the state. But
this year so far, it had taken place only in 1.46 lakh hectares as against 1.80
lakh hectares that were sown by this time last year.

It was the successful sowing of onion that had given agriculture officials a
reason to cheer. Onion had been sown in around 60,000 hectares ? the same
acreage as previous years ? in Bhavnagar and nearby areas.

Richa Patel, a resident of Satellite, claimed there had been no change in prices
in the retail market. The retailers, despite fall in wholesale prices, are not
cutting rates. She said that while the price of good quality onion was around Rs
22 a kg in Jamalpur wholesale market, the retailers were charging around Rs 35.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2014 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                            RECIPIENT: Mamas Kitchen
                               DONOR: Influx Cafe


                          LAST UPDATED: March 3, 2014
                              DONATION YEAR: 2012

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  In-Kind
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Mamas Kitchen
TAXCODE:  33-0434246
URL:  http://www.mamaskitchen.org
LOCATION:  San Diego, CA, 92105
CATEGORY:  Food Agriculture and Nutrition

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Influx Cafe
DONOR TYPE:  Corporations

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014


                              110 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Independent - Business & Money

                               February 11, 2007
                                 First Edition

Over the hill and far away;
Hit by health scares, low prices and low wages, the countryside might seem to be
sinking into a bog. But the rural economy is no longer dominated by farming

BYLINE: Tim Webb

SECTION: BUSINESS & MONEY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1522 words


What do the director of the brewer Adnams, an organic entrepreneur in Suffolk, a
Yorkshire sausage maker, a crisp maker in Herefordshire and a Cornwall
accountant have in common? They all live in rural areas, albeit in different
corners of the country, and there, you might think, the similarity ends. But
these five represent something more - the new rural business class.

Gone are the days when the local farmer was the mainstay of the community, as
cheap imports and rising costs maketra-ditional farming less and less viable.
Rural business people - often former farmers themselves - have taken on the
mantle, and are adapting to meet the demands of new consumer trends.

This month's outbreak of bird flu in Suffolk, which triggered memories of the
devastating foot-and-mouth epidemic in 2001, has again raised fears for the
health of agriculture. But the countryside is, in fact, much less dependent on
farming now than it was even six years ago. Changes in demographics, migration
and even the climate are presenting a host of challenges and opportunities to
what is becoming a more diversified rural economy.

According to figures from the Office for National Statistics, only 160,500
people - 3.3 per cent of the rural workforce - were employed in agriculture and
fishing last year (although another 350,000 are self-employed farmers, partners
and spouses according to other government figures). The public sector, including
hospitals and schools, was the largest employer, providing jobs to just over one
in four rural workers. Hotels, restaurants and distribution companies such as
road hauliers employed one in five workers, followed by manufacturers (14.7 per
cent) and banking, finance and insurance (12.7 per cent).

Farming's economic contribution has been falling for decades. According to the
Small Business Service, a government agency, the number of businesses related to
agriculture, forestry or fishing fell 15 per cent between 1994 and 2004. Martin
Haworth, the policy director of the National Farmers' Union (NFU), says this is
partly due to a fall in the number of medium-size, family farms. These have
either been gobbled up by larger farms or broken up to become part-time
smallholdings or extended grounds for an adjoining farmhouse. A typical arable
farm 20 years ago might have been 100 hectares (250 acres). Now viable arable
farms are around 1,000 hectares. Farming contributes just over 1 per cent of
Britain's GDP, compared, for example, with 22 per cent from the retail sector.
Some 40 years ago, agriculture made up 3 per cent of GDP.

The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs estimates that farmers
got 23 per cent less for their contribution to the average grocery basket in
2005 than they did in 1988.

Farmers have had to adapt - or become extinct. Take the case of Andrew Keeble, a
co-founder of Yorkshire's Debbie & Andrew's sausages. He used to be a pig farmer
with 350 sows, but in 1999 he faced going out of business because of cheaper pig
import prices and a general downturn in the market. "Our backs weren't against
the wall - we were well past that stage," he recalls. So he and his wife,
Debbie, started making products such as sausages and bacon. After rebranding the
company to stress the personal touch, they now have an annual turnover of £2m.

Supermarkets, which mercilessly drive down the prices they pay, have been blamed
for the woes of many rural suppliers. But often, the alternative for suppliers,
whether farmers or manufacturers, is even worse.

Mr Keeble recalls how, in the early days, he used to sell mainly to local shops,
but found this was costly and inefficient. "The village shop was disappearing
because of all the closures. It was also expensive driving around in a van
delivering to individual shops. Now we sell to the supermarkets."

William Chase, the founder of Tyrrells Potato Chips, is another example of a
former farmer who was forced to adapt.

He used to just grow potatoes on his Herefordshire farm, making meagre profits.
But in 2002 he set up Tyrrells and started manufacturing his own crisps. He
admits now that if he had stayed as he was, he might have gone out of business.

Not that running his new business has been plain sailing. Land has doubled in
price in his area as hobby farmers move in. And like many other rural
businessmen, he complains of the difficulty of attracting well-trained staff.

Paul Pennycook, the policy director at the Commission for Rural Communities
(CRC), a government agency, agrees: "It's harder to hire the right people with
the right skills from a smaller pool of labour, particularly as rural industry
diversifies."

One reason for the difficulty in attracting staff is that city pay is higher.
The gap between average weekly wages for rural and urban workers has grown from
£90 in 1998 to £130 last year, according to the CRC.

Compounding this widening disparity is the influx of migrant workers from the EU
who, says Mr Pennycook, have pushed pay rates down in the British countryside.
In remote rural areas, the amount of foreign workers almost doubled between 2002
and 2004, according to the Government, while levels rose by only 14 per cent in
the big cities.

Despite the gripes, this influx has been welcomed by rural businesses - not
least, employers say, because the migrants are often better workers than their
British counterparts and are prepared to do previously unfilled jobs.

It would be simplistic, though, to portray the countryside and its businesses as
homogenous. There are huge disparities in wealth. Mr Pennycook says: "We do have
a bit of a rose-tinted view of the countryside. Many rural areas are doing well
economically. But the idea of a rural idyll is not as accurate as people might
think, as there are pockets of severe rural deprivation that are hard to spot."

Parts of Cornwall, Devon, East Anglia, the Wash, the North-West and Yorkshire
record the worst economic performance among rural economies. According to the
CRC, the poorest households are found in the most remote areas. Between 2004 and
2006, the number of rural households in "income poverty" (earning below 60 per
cent of the English average) in places way off the beaten track increased from
26 per cent to 30 per cent. The number of businesses is falling in some coastal
areas of the countryside. Conversely, households in hamlets and villages in
rural areas are getting wealthier.

Simon Loftus, a non-executive director (and former chairman) of Suffolk brewer
and pub owner Adnams, is well placed to judge the disparity in wealth, even
within one county. He is also director of 1st East, an urban regeneration
company responsible for Great Yarmouth and Lowestoft. "Parts of Suffolk are
doing well from the growing popularity of organic produce and have benefited
from the London-Suffolk axis. But Lowestoft and Great Yarmouth, for example,
have suffered massively in recent years and have much higher levels of
unemployment than the regional average. Organic food would be seen as a luxury
by many of those living in these towns."

One recent trend that has boosted the rural economy, though, is the influx of
middle-aged or retired people from the towns. With improved communications and a
desire for a better quality of life, the number of financial workers living
outside cities has risen dramatically. Some 50 per cent more financial services
businesses were in rural areas in 2005 than in 1994.

Sue Cave left London in 1988 and set up her own accountancy firm, Cave Mason
Associates, in Lanreath, Cornwall. She now has around 300 clients. "There has
been an influx of people into Cornwall who may have taken redundancy money or
sold their property in London."

Often, she says, they have set up tourism-related businesses such as B&Bs or
gift shops.

Clearly, the countryside cannot be seen in isolation; commuters make the link
between the urban and rural economies even stronger. But farming - the only big
industry exclusive to rural areas - could be on the cusp of a comeback thanks to
climate change. Mr Haworth at the NFU says higher temperatures and the need for
biofuel crops have reduced the amount of land available for food production
abroad. Countryside plc could be about to change again.

'PEOPLE DON'T WANT MASS PRODUCTION'

Entrepreneur William Kendall says that the craze for locally grown and organic
produce presents new business opportunities for farmers.

Mr Kendall is director of organic chocolate company Green & Black's and the
former managing director of New Covent Garden Soup Company and has converted his
farm in Suffolk into an organic operation. He is also the chairman of Moyses
Stevens, a flower shop chain that recently started selling sustainably sourced
flowers.

"There's a growing interest in where produce comes from and a yearning for
authentic and local farm-produced goods," he says.

"More and more people don't want mass production. Small farmers now have the
opportunity to reinvent themselves as farmers who deal with the public just like
their grandparents did."

As if to underline his point, there are now 500 farmers' markets in the UK, just
a decade after the first was set up in Bath in 1997.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 20, 2011 Saturday

Record gold prices bring influx of business

BYLINE: Jill Cowan, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 893 words


Aug. 20--"We buy gold."

That's what boldly colored signs in the windows of downtown pawn shop M.A.
Griffin & Sons say.

Across the street from Griffin & Sons, a storefront labeled "CashGOLDEN.com"
advertises the same, as does Globe Loan Jewelry Company, located just a bit
farther down 19th Street.

But even with gold prices hitting record highs this week, with an ounce rising
to $1,881.40 on Friday, Chris Rios wasn't concerned with the precious metals
market Thursday.

He was getting a used iPod he'd bought at Griffin & Sons repaired.

His wife, Heather Rios, remembered when Rios had pawned her engagement ring -- a
$1,300 ring for which they received a $70 loan with about $20 in interest -- in
order to pay a cell phone bill while he was unemployed.

"When you're broke, you pawn stuff," she said.

While Kern County has seen a spike in businesses trying to cash in on what
officials have called a "gold rush," the volatile economy responsible for
soaring gold prices means average people with gold to sell are more likely just
looking for fast funds anywhere they can get them.

Though Rios said selling or pawning jewelry at a fraction of its retail value
feels like a "rip-off," he added, "it's a convenient way of getting a quick buck
for now."

Within the last year, the number of scales the county department of agriculture
and measurement standards has approved for weighing precious metal and jewelry
has multiplied, said Manuel Villicana, deputy director of the department.

And officials from both the Bakersfield Police Department and the Kern County
Sheriff's Department said they've seen sharp increases in the number of
secondhand dealer licenses they've processed, but they didn't have exact
figures.

"They are springing (up) everywhere," Villicana said of gold-buying locations,
"from traditional jewelry stores to supermarkets and flea markets."

Customers can drive up to a small hut in a parking lot near McDonald's on 24th
Street to receive cash for gold at an outpost of an older Dollars for Gold
storefront, which is located on Niles Street.

The 24th street location has been open for about seven months, though the one on
Niles Street has been around much longer, employee Leo Faria said Thursday.

He said the influx of new gold-buying businesses has actually cut down on
profits.

"Every portion (of the market) is less," he said, "but we still have our
portion."

Damien Zegers, manager of Gold Buyers of Bakersfield on Ming Avenue, said gold
prices don't really affect the business' profit margin because they have to pay
out more for the gold they buy -- even if there's more of it.

"We have many repeat customers," he said. "They use us like an ATM."

Mother of two Lorena Garcia said her 6-year-old son rarely wore the small, round
2.2-gram charm she cashed in at Gold Buyers Friday.

She said he'd rather use the $40 she got for it to buy a Nintendo DS game.

Garcia had shopped around before trading a bracelet and a chain for about $500
at Gold Buyers recently, but gold prices weren't a factor in her decision to
sell, she said.

"I just had the gold sitting there, so I was like, oh, I'll just try it," she
said.

The $500 from the other two pieces, she said, was "way more" than she'd
expected.

Gail Magnus, who has co-owned Globe Loan with her husband, Steve, for decades,
said she's seeing a lot of "new faces" lately.

"Some people need a tank of gas, some people need to pay their mortgage," she
said of her clientele -- who have the option of pawning or selling jewelry at
Globe Loan. "It's two extremes."

Jon Hall, owner of Don Hall Jewelers, said his business, like Globe Loan, bought
gold long before other retailers started doing it.

He said "gold fever" is "a plus and a minus" for retailers.

"Our inventory is worth a lot more as gold goes up, but nobody's buying it," he
said.

Hall said he's melted down some older inventory to help pay bills, and that
while other retailers remark their inventory to reflect gold prices, his store
does not.

At a bustling Valley Plaza Mall around lunchtime Friday, Josh Schweighart and
his young fiancee, Krysten Long, browsed the diamond ring selection at Kevin
Jewelers. They were the lone shoppers, while a few customers lined up to sell
their gold at another counter.

"We're just kind of looking at prices," Schweighart said. "I'm just kind of
trying to wait for the prices to go down so I can buy her actual ring and
propose to her right."

Long showed off a sparkling -- though fake -- diamond ring she wears now.

Schweighart said the first time he looked for a ring more than a year ago, a
ring Long wanted was about $1,000.

Now, he said, "it's about $1,800."

Earlier Friday afternoon, Tiffany Thompson proudly displayed another ring
outside Gold Buyers.

She was there to get rid of it, along with a gold necklace with a heart charm
she wore.

Thompson said she had heard about soaring gold prices, but ultimately, school
supplies for her children were more of a motivating factor.

"My kids -- their school," she said, "is more important than me just trying to
look good."

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110820-BK-Record-gold-prices-bring-influx-of-business-0820-20110820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2011 The Bakersfield Californian


                              112 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Many thousands may lose jobs

                          November 10, 2001, Saturday

Lawrence Chung, Straits Times Taiwan Bureau


ENTRY OF CHINA AND TAIWAN WTO Impact on Taiwan

On the gloomy side ...

Influx of cheap imports could throw 270,000 out of jobs. More than 70 per cent
of these are low-skilled workers

TAIPEI -- Taiwan's entry into the World Trade Organisation (WTO) is in a stage
of final countdown, but what is good news for the government will, in fact, be
short-term misery for tens of thousands of Taiwanese who could lose their jobs
during the first three years of accession.

The entry is expected to wipe off at least NT$38.5 billion (S$1.9 billion) in
production value from the agriculture sector in Taiwan, thereby affecting the
livelihood of 46,000 farmers on the island.

Other industries that could be hit badly include the car, home electric
appliances, heavy electrical engineering and paper industries, analysts said.

"In the first year after we enter the WTO, there will be a reduction of NT$11.8
billion worth of farming output, NT$8.7 billion worth of animal husbandry output
and NT$4.2 billion in fishery," said Mr Lee Jen-chyuan, vice-chairman of the
Council of Agriculture.

Mr Lee added that the council was helping farmers to move into other businesses
such as tourist farms. It has also provided special vocational training schemes
to equip farmers with new skills.

The council has budgeted NT$11.9 billion to help cushion any plunge in local
farm product prices should the market prices fall below the production costs by
10 per cent or more.

According to government studies, 270,000 people stand to lose their jobs when a
number of manufacturing companies are forced out of business by the expected
influx of cheap imports.

Of these, more than 70 per cent are low-skilled workers, the studies showed.

"The loss of government protection for local home electric appliance, car, steel
and fertiliser industries will bring forth stiff competition from foreign firms
and threaten the survival of a number of companies from these industries," said
a report by the Council for Labour Affairs.

Economists said that even though Taiwan's bid to enter the WTO began 12 years
ago, several industrial sectors have been slow to readjust to meet the
challenges ahead.

Under the island's accession agreement, Taiwan will gradually reduce import
tariffs on 5,301 items which include cars, paper and steel. The import tariffs
for cars, for instance, will be lowered from 30 per cent to 17.5 per cent.

Agricultural tariffs will drop from the current 20.02 per cent to 14.01 per cent
in the year following Taiwan's accession. The target is 12.86 per cent.

Tariffs on industrial items will first be cut from 6.03 per cent to 5.78 per
cent and then eventually to 4.15 per cent.

The tariff cuts will reduce government tax incomes by NT$5.11 billion in the
first year. In the long term, a NT$34-billion market could be created for
imports.

SECTION: East Asia, Pg. A2

LENGTH: 482 words

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2001 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              113 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Bane or boon: Urbanisation, displacement pushes Peshawar's population over 2.5m

LENGTH: 626  words


The city's population has crossed 2.5 million owing to the widescale
displacement of people from other districts of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa (K-P) and the
tribal areas, according to a United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) report.

During the last decade, 63% of all internal migrants moved to an urban area
either from a rural district or from another urban district. Out of these,
nearly 56% moved to the provincial or federal capital, the report stated.

It further adds that population wise, K-P is the third largest province in the
country with an estimated population of 22 million. "The province has not only
witnessed rapid urban growth but also large movements and displacements during
the past two decades because of militancy, military operations and natural
disasters in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) and Malakand
region."

The influx of Fata's migrant population to adjacent safer districts like
Peshawar, Mardan, Kohat, Bannu, Lakki Marwat and DI Khan, combined with the
influx of internally displaced persons (IDPs) has generated socio-economic
problems for the cities.

Speaking to The Express Tribune, UNFPA Provincial Coordination Officer Lubna
Tajik said one of the reasons behind the growing population of K-P was lack of
planning.  "A growing population has strong effects on the development of the
economy and the society because of changes in labour supply, family structure,
education and health management systems," she said.

Limited livelihood and employment opportunities in Pakistan's agriculture
sector, rising poverty and social conflicts are causing large exodus of rural
population to major urban centres, particularly the young and educated people,
said Tajik.

"Therefore, the capacity of cities and towns to assimilate the migrants while
providing employment, access to land, social services and basic amenities such
as water, electricity and sewerage are becoming limited," she added.

The emerging trend of concentration of migrants in urban areas and big cities is
leading to regionally unbalanced urbanisation, existence of squatter settlements
and environmental deterioration.

"Better employment opportunities, more knowledge and skills, access to improved
education and health services are the perceived benefits from a migratory
movement, but at the same time social discontent, economic insecurity and
displacements by natural disasters likes earthquakes and floods are the expected
costs borne by migrants," she pointed out, adding these issues need to be
properly assessed to make effective policies.

According to Professor Niaz Ahmad of the University of Peshawar, growing
population and urbanisation in the province has increased the crime rate and
created more health problems with inadequate sanitation and poor medical
facilities. "The government should carry out proper planning and policies to
deal with migrant populations and its needs," he insisted.

Changing demographic

According to the 1998 census, K-P constituted 13.4 % of the population of
Pakistan with an average annual growth rate of 2.82% as compared to the national
growth rate of 2.69%. The urban population of K-P was 2,994,084 or 16.9 % of the
total population of the province which grew at an average rate of 3.5% during
1981-98.

The 1998 census estimates the total number of lifetime migrants in K-P were
647,356 or 3.7% of the population of the province. Out of these migrants 68.6%
came from other districts of K-P, 14.9% from Sindh, Punjab, Balochistan and
Islamabad, 12.8% from Fata, 0.8% from Azad Kashmir and the then Northern Areas,
while the remaining 2.9% were Pakistanis who repatriated from other countries.

In 2013, K-P's population stands at 22 million, and is rising with resources
rapidly dwindling to cater to the public's needs.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 21, 1997, Friday

IT'S FLAP, FLAP, WHAP!
LIVE PRODUCE BIZ BOOMING IN BORO

BYLINE: By PAUL H.B. SHIN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 477 words


Unlike most of the turkeys that will grace Thanksgiving dinner tables across the
land, the gobblers at Anand Raghoo's poultry store in Ozone Park never have and
never will see the inside of a freezer.

Raghoo runs a live poultry store one of a burgeoning number that have popped up
in the city, especially in Queens and Brooklyn, where an influx of immigrants
has boosted demand.

"It's juicier," said Raghoo, 32, owner of RD's Live Poultry Market, which opened
three years ago, riding the crest of an industry boom. "We've grown quite a
bit."

In addition to your garden-variety white hens, the store does a brisk business
in Muscovy duck, preferred for its leaner meat; older brown hens, used mostly by
Latinos for soup stock; and, around this time of year, turkeys.

In Queens, the number of live poultry markets has more than tripled in the past
four years, from six in 1993 to 21 today, according to the state Department of
Agriculture and Markets, which oversees inspections of these businesses.

Citywide, the number has climbed 68% during the same period to a total of 69.
There are now 14 in the Bronx, 26 in Brooklyn and eight in Manhattan.

The growth is "primarily in the city," said Pete Gregg, spokesman for the
Department of Agriculture and Markets. The new boom mirrors the surge in live
poultry markets earlier this century driven by an influx of immigrants from
Europe, he said.

The proliferation of live poultry markets has not been without its critics
mostly nearby residents who complain about the smell.

But it has been a boon for shoppers like Lima Mohammed, 31, an immigrant from
Trinidad, who usually buys two chickens a week from Raghoo's store.

"I do buy frozen meat sometimes, but the taste is completely different," she
said. "The chicken from here the meat is so fresh and tasty."

"When you get used to live chicken, you can't go back," she said recently,
waiting outside the pungent store while Raghoo's employes processed the flapping
fowls she picked out.

It's not only taste that keeps customers coming back. For Muslims, meat must be
handled according to Halal standards much like Kosher food for Jews.

At the Zaika Restaurant in Jackson Heights, for instance, only Halal meat is
used. Chicken or lamb from a regular meat market just doesn't cut it, co-owner
Madhu Mishra said. Zaika's menu includes what is billed as the "only Halal
Chinese food in New York."

Poultry at live markets is generally weighed before the bird is slaughtered.

In a 20-pound turkey, about 2 to 3 pounds will be trimmed away, Raghoo said.
"Those who want to watch, they can look through the window, but we don't really
encourage it," he said.

Mohammed said she was more than happy to let professionals handle that part of
the preparation.

"I've never done it myself, and I can't look at it," she said.


LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: JOE DeMARIA WEIGHT A MINUTE: Mickey Harispersald puts turkey on a scale
at live produce market.
JOE DeMARIA SKINNED goat is trimmed by butcher Aslam Rana in Jackson Heights
shop. Queens has seen a boom in live poultry and meat businesses.

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                              115 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday

Immigrant labor in California doesn't hurt natives' wages

BYLINE: By JESSIE MANGALIMAN/MediaNews Group

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 448 words


The influx of immigrants to California has raised the wages of some native-born
workers in the state, according to a report released Tuesday by the Public
Policy Institute of California that refutes common public perception and
previous studies on the subject.

The new report, which analyzes wage and employment data, finds that some
better-educated workers   with at least a high school diploma   saw wage
increases ranging from 3 percent to 7 percent between 1990 and 2004, a period
when the state experienced a record influx of immigrants.

Rather than competing with native workers, immigrants "complement" certain work
sectors _ agriculture and construction, for example _ by helping native workers
who have the language and local networking skills to ascend to better-paying
supervisory and managerial jobs. The influx of cheap labor, the report said,
allows companies in some labor markets to expand jobs in management and
training.

"There are some types of tasks and jobs, that as immigrants come in, they
preferentially take because they're good at those," said Giovanni Peri, who
analyzed U.S. Census wage and employment data, "and that frees up native workers
for the better-paying jobs."

The real losers among low-skilled workers in California, the report said, are
other immigrants who compete for those same low-end jobs, experiencing
significant wage declines. During the same period, foreign-born workers suffered
an average wage decline of 13 percent to 20 percent.

Authored by Peri, an associate professor of economics at the University of
California, Davis, the report is the first to detail the impact of immigrants on
employment and wages of native Californians. Yet, he concedes, it's unlikely to
settle the contentious national debate among economists and policy-makers.

There are some who believe immigrants take jobs from native workers and depress
wages. Others contend that in the long term, the negative impact on wages of a
small sector of low-skilled, low-educated workers is small to negligible.

In the PPIC study Peri used data from 1960 to 2004, estimated wage gains and
loses in percentages and ultimately refuted a commonly held assumption that a
growing immigrant labor force displaces native workers.

For the past four decades, the number of California's foreign-born workers has
grown steadily. In 1960, less than one in 10 of all state workers was foreign
born. In 2004, the latest data analyzed by Peri, a full one-third, or about 5.4
million, of California's work-force is foreign-born.

"It's like a man-bites-dog story, isn't it?" said an unconvinced Roy Beck,
executive director of NumbersUSA.

Jessie Mangaliman is a reporter for the San Jose Mercury News.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                         September 12, 2001, Wednesday

Boost for dairy industry Influx of workers fills farming jobs

BYLINE: McKINLAY Tom

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4; REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 426 words


The Canterbury dairy industry says it is getting on top of its employment
difficulties.

Labour shortages and a reputation for poor work conditions have dogged the
industry. But with the new season under way, Dairy Farmers of New Zealand South
Island representative Frank Brenmuhl said yesterday a predicted labour crisis
had not happened.

"There are a few ads in the paper from time to time but I have not seen the huge
numbers screaming out. It may not be as bad as first thought," he said.

With about 100 new dairy conversions coming on line for the new season, there
was concern last autumn whether a predicted 600 new jobs could be filled.

Mid-Canterbury Agriculture ITO senior training advisor Margaret Rickard said an
influx of older people on to dairy farms was meeting some of that demand.

Workers were also beginning to pour out of the cities into the dairy shed.

A full class of 17 older people, many with families, are on the Mid-Canterbury
training organisation's books this year, which is a first.

"There's a much greater awareness out there of it being a really good career,"
Mrs Rickard said.

The AgITO distributed a booklet at the National Field Days this year, a guide to
good employment practices, as part of a growing realisation that solving labour
shortages has to involve better treatment of staff.

Pay increases are reflecting the returns to dairy farmers.

Mid-Canterbury farm consultant Paul Brown, of South Island Dairy Farmers, said
the industry had suffered from a dreadful reputation.

However, he had not seen workers walking off the job this season as had happened
in the past.

And calving from August to October is the pressure time.

Andrew Moore, of Christchurch, is one of the growing number of younger New
Zealanders finding a career path in dairying.

The 20-year-old tried his hand at several jobs before choosing to help milk 500
cows on farmer David Geddes' property just outside Ashburton.

He sees his on-farm work and training through the AgITO leading to university
study and bigger and brighter things.

"I have tried different jobs but I had to look at something that was going to
take me somewhere," he said.

Mr Brenmuhl said it was not uncommon to find people in their early 20s earning
close to $ 50,000.

Perceived shortages were driving improved conditions, he said.

With the industry poised to keep expanding it would not be turning away good
people.

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: TOM McKINLAY Dairy worker Andrew Moore finds life good on the farm.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              117 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            December 19, 2008 Friday

Mass influx of migrants triggers job fears inland

BYLINE: Stephen Chen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 521 words


Up to 9 million migrant workers have left coastal areas this year amid
diminishing job prospects and falling wages, prompting fears that unemployment
in inland provinces may increase sharply next year.

Home-bound migrant workers have packed major railway stations in major cities,
catching the central government by surprise because the traditional passenger
peak arrives just before the Lunar New Year, which  is late next month.

Investigations by three central government bodies revealed a gloomy picture of a
reverse labour flow that is almost unprecedented in recent history.

The first figure for the exodus, produced by the Ministry of Human Resources and
Social Security  early last month, was 7 million people.

The Ministry of Agriculture  yesterday raised it to 7.8 million.

After a quick survey of Sichuan , Henan , Anhui , Hubei  and Hunan  this month,
the National Bureau of Statistics  estimated that the maximum number of rural
returnees was more than 9 million.

The figure accounts for just 7 per cent of the country's total migrant workforce
of 130 million, but labour authorities in inland regions have begun to worry.

An official at Jiangxi's  Labour and Social Security Department confirmed that
the influx of returnees occurred much earlier this year and government job fairs
were bursting with job seekers.

"Most of them are looking for a short-term job, to work for one or two months,
and then they will quit to enjoy the Lunar New Year," the official said.

"Only when the festival ends will farmers begin seriously looking for a job.

"But our fear is that many will lose interest in going to Guangdong or Shanghai
because of the global financial crisis. The central government has ordered us to
closely monitor the situation and prepare for the worst.

"Stability will be gone if so many people are suddenly unemployed."

Stories about farmers who returned to the countryside and became rich and famous
with a spark of entrepreneurship have filled mainland media recently.

But an article yesterday by a migrant worker about the difficulty and risk of
doing business in the countryside hit the headlines of  Mingong123.com,  the
biggest  website dedicated to the rights and interests of migrant workers.

The article said migrant workers had few options to make a living when they
returned to the countryside: they could either grow fruit, raise animals, sell
vegetables or go into rural tourism if they were close enough to the city.

Even these limited number of business models contained high entry barriers and
risks that could quickly deplete the returnees' hard- earned  money, the article
said.

It pointed out that government bureaucrats who oversee rural businesses were
difficult, expensive and time-consuming  to deal with, while the market for
agricultural products was volatile.

In addition, most returnees had no business experience.

"The best thing  returnees can do in this economic crisis is spend time with
their parents, taking care of their children and reclaiming a sense of community
that they have lost in the past," the article suggested.

"Let's take a rest and wait for opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

Pakistan: Call to avoid mini-budgets, indirect taxes on people

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Feb. 16 -- Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be
discouraged after the annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public
worries; the taxation system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect
taxes is extra burden on people.

These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem.

He said small scale manufacturing was adversely affected due to energy crisis
while the government had failed to come up to the public expectations. He called
for utilising the full impact of declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues.

He believed that cost of production of everything would have been reduced after
decline in petroleum prices which increase the profits and savings rates while
ensuring transfer of its benefit was the government responsibility.

He said circular debt could be controlled with good governance. He said by
spending tax money on documented economy employment opportunities could be
increased, which could decrease inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors.

He said burdening the people with extra taxes in the ongoing circumstances was
cruelty to public. He said easy taxation system was necessary for documentation
of economy and ending the fear of taxes among public, reducing the rate of
indirect taxes so that public could get relief. He called for comprehensive
reforms to end imbalance in the economy and society

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

Pakistan: Call to end mini-budgets, indirect taxes

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Feb. 16 -- Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be
discouraged after the annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public
worries; the taxation system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect
taxes is extra burden on people.

These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem. He said small scale manufacturing was
adversely affected due to energy crisis while the government had failed to come
up to the public expectations. He called for utilising the full impact of
declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues. He believed that cost of
production of everything would have been reduced after decline in petroleum
prices which increase the profits and savings rates while ensuring transfer of
its benefit was the government responsibility. He said circular debt could be
controlled with good governance. He said by spending tax money on documented
economy employment opportunities could be increased, which could decrease
inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors. He said burdening the people with extra
taxes in the ongoing circumstances was cruelty to public. He said easy taxation
system was necessary for documentation of economy and ending the fear of taxes
among public, reducing the rate of indirect taxes so that public could get
relief. He called for comprehensive reforms to end imbalance in the economy and
society

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 30, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Feral hog influx poses problems

SECTION: SPORTS; Robert Pavey; Pg. C13

LENGTH: 502 words


Columbia County is well known for deer-vehicle accidents, but most residents are
unaware of an escalating problem with a more serious nuisance: wild hogs.

Wildlife officials suspect the influx of feral hogs turning up in creek drains
from Evans to Appling is because of more than natural migration.

"We think people are dumping them, moving them around," said Georgia Wildlife
Resources Division biologist I.B. Parnell. "What ends up happening is people
will use dogs or catch them in traps and transport them to someplace other than
their own property and turn them out."

Once established, the nomadic hogs reproduce rapidly and will follow creek and
river basins in search of food sources.

In environmental circles, feral pigs are about as welcome as nuclear waste. Some
hunters, however, think it might be fun to have another species to pursue, even
when deer season is over, Parnell said.

"They don't consider what these animals do to the environment."

Although hog dumping is illegal, the offense can't be prosecuted by state
wildlife authorities because pigs aren't wildlife. Hogs can be regulated by the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

In Columbia County, areas infested by hogs are creeping closer to inhabited
areas, while development creeps ever closer to habitat overtaken by hogs.

Local hunter Frankie "Boobie" McCauley said hogs have multiplied rapidly on land
near Grovetown where her family has hunted for a decade.

"We had game cameras out from June 'til hunting season started in September,"
she said. "Usually we get pictures of piles of deer. This year we're not getting
any deer pictures; it's all hogs."

Although her family has killed plenty of hogs, including one that weighed more
than 300 pounds, McCauley she would prefer to have deer instead.

"The hogs are eating everything and running the deer off," she said. "It's not
good."

Because Columbia County is so densely populated, conflicts with an expanding hog
population are inevitable.

"Hogs are destructive to gardens and agriculture but they can also hurt deer
management programs," Parnell said. "In particular, hogs are prone to destroying
chufas and other plantings that benefit wild turkey, deer and other wildlife."

William Hooker, a professional nuisance trapper and owner of Hooker's Trapping
Service, said hog populations are spiraling in some of the county's most
populated and fast growing areas.

"In some places, especially down behind Greenbrier where the golf course is,
they're thick as fleas," he said. "The average person living up here doesn't
have a clue what's out there unless they're in the woods all the time."

Hooker said he has trapped and removed approximately 70 hogs from county
property and rights of way along Blanchard Road and Euchee Creek. The trapped
hogs are killed and used for barbecue.

Most hogs Hooker sees are small, but some have weighed 300 to 350 pounds or
more. Most residents never see the animals, though, because they are mostly
nocturnal.

Reach Rob Pavey at 868-1222, ext. 119

or rob.pavey@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Zimbabwe Standard (Harare)

                                  October 2010

Political Stability Needed to Lure Lines of Credit

LENGTH: 308  words

DATELINE: Gweru


Government's efforts to attract lines of credit can only yield fruit if there is
political stability, Finance minister Tendai Biti told the Midlands 2011
National Budget stakeholders' consultative meeting recently.

The minister is on a nationwide exercise to get input into the 2011 national
budget. Speaking in Gweru, Biti said political stability in the country was of
crucial importance.

"Capital needs security and there is also need for clarity on politics. Noise in
the inclusive government will cause capital to run away," he said.
Liberalisation of the economy, Biti said, was also another key factor to growth
but said government should not interfere in business operations.

Participants at the meeting said money should be set aside for recapitalising
huge companies in the province that have collapsed. Companies that have
collapsed or are on the verge of collapse include Zimalloys, Zimglass, Bata and
several others.

Stakeholders campaigned for value-addition saying the country should export
finished products rather than raw materials. Farmers' representatives said
government should increase support for the agriculture sector which is the
backbone of the economy.

The farmers said subsidies from GMB were only being accessed by those with
either political or financial muscle and advocated subsidies at a micro level.
Business executives complained about the influx of cheap Chinese and South
African imports and said it was killing local industries.

Biti said having policies that discourage imports has to be balanced by ensuring
continued supply of basics goods at low prices. Imports tend to be cheaper than
local products as industries still use old equipment that increases the cost of
production.

The influx of imports has led to some analysts equating Zimbabwe to a
"supermarket economy" with little local products on the shop shelves.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Feds expected to announce influx of skilled immigrants as part of new Atlantic
strategy

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 941 words


ST. PETERS BAY, P.E.I. * Immigration Minister John McCallum is expected to
announce an influx of skilled immigrants to the region as part of a "massive
step forward" towards spurring economic growth in the Atlantic provinces.

It will come as part of a new Atlantic growth strategy between Ottawa and the
four eastern provinces, efforts to be put in motion as a handful of federal
cabinet ministers and the region's four premiers gather in the secluded seaside
community of St. Peters Bay, P.E.I.

In an interview on Sunday, Beauséjour MP and House Leader Dominic LeBlanc says
McCallum's presence represents "very good news for the Atlantic Canadian
economy."

Premier Brian Gallant added that New Brunswick comes to the table in hopes of
securing an increase of roughly 1,000 new economic immigrants annually.

The premiers and federal ministers were slated to meet for a private dinner on
Sunday night.

A press conference is slated for Monday at noon.

There is a long list of attendees.

Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains, who is also responsible for the Atlantic
Canada Opportunities Agency will attend.

The Atlantic region's four federal cabinet ministers - LeBlanc, Agriculture
Minister Lawrence MacAulay, Procurement Minister Judy Foote, and Scott Brison,
president of the Treasury Board will also be at Monday's meetings.

McCallum's presence at what is the latest meeting of the region's premiers
signals a significant change in stance toward a longstanding call by provinces
like New Brunswick for an increase in the number of skilled immigrants it can
select and settle.

The ask has been in efforts to address stagnant population levels and aid in
offsetting a rapidly aging workforce.

"We have an Atlantic growth strategy that we have been working on that we are
hopeful will be finalized coming out of the meetings," Gallant said in an
interview with the Telegraph-Journal on Sunday. "This is a strategy in which we
will all be working together with the feds to improve many things that we think
will improve the Atlantic economy.

"One of things we have been working on pretty heavily has been an immigration
piece to help us with ensuring that Atlantic Canada has the best skilled
workforce possible."

He added: "We have made some real gains."

Gallant said the region must buck the trend of an aging population.

It's a multifaceted problem - efforts needed to keep New Brunswickers from
leaving, bring Atlantic Canadians back who once left, as well as welcome more
new Canadians.

But that immigration influx must be targeted, Gallant said.

"We want to be able to bring new Canadians that will have the skills necessary
for the jobs that they can fill now, meaning that we need some flexibility in
determining [who resettles in New Brunswick] instead of having a cumbersome
approach where the federal process may not reflect the realities of Atlantic
Canada," he said. "We are looking for more flexibility."

The last several labour force surveys from Statistics Canada have highlighted a
dire long-term trend in New Brunswick of an aging population eating into the
size of the workforce.

There are currently 5,000 fewer workers aged 15 to 54 in New Brunswick than a
year ago.

At the same time, the population of people 55 and over has increased by roughly
6,400.

The number of people either with a job or looking - the size of the labour force
- stands at roughly 386,000. The figure hit a low of 383,900 just a few months
ago, a level not seen since April 2007.

New Brunswick needs new, younger people to grow the economy.

Regardless, the Gallant government's call for an influx of immigrants with
specific skill sets went unanswered last year, Ottawa deciding against expanding
the number of newcomers the province can nominate through the Provincial Nominee
Program in the year ahead.

Gallant had asked Ottawa for the current cap of 625 to jump to 1,500 nominations
in 2016.

But since that initial request was rejected, Gallant has met with McCallum and
several others on that file to reaffirm the request.

Dominic LeBlanc has said that Ottawa is listening and a larger number of skilled
immigrants will be settled in New Brunswick, the country's immigration minister
"acutely aware of the demographic challenges in Atlantic Canada."

LeBlanc suggested that a greater number of immigrants may come through other
economic streams beyond the nominee program.

In an interview on Sunday, LeBlanc said talks took off after a meeting in
Fredericton earlier this year and that Gallant's subsequent visits to Ottawa
forwarded those discussions.

"One of the key priorities raised in February by all of the premiers was
immigration and the inability of businesses in Atlantic Canada to recruit
immigrants and match them to jobs that are available," LeBlanc said. "We have
been working since then with John McCallum.

"Premier Brian Gallant's meetings in Ottawa really drove the immigration
challenge as a priority that could be rectified."

He added: "McCallum's presence at the meetings [Monday] should be very good news
for the Atlantic Canadian economy. Our meeting in Prince Edward Island will be a
massive step forward in focusing all the resources of the government of Canada
on economic growth in the Atlantic provinces."

Gallant said that initial call for roughly 1,000 more economic immigrants
annually is still the goal.

"That's the number we will strive for," he said. "In the talks with the federal
government, we have made that clear.

"We're going to discussing over the next 24 hours what the pool of a potential
increase could look like. We are certainly still optimistic we will be able to
get a number similar to that." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               September 01, 2016

Our Problems With Quality in Nigeria Are Imported Products - Dr. Angya
[interview]

BYLINE: Francis Arinze Iloani

LENGTH: 912 words

What is the level of adherence to standards and quality by manufacturers in
Nigeria?

I think it is good. The level of acceptance of standards by manufacturers in
Nigeria is good. I will give them above 70 percent. That translates directly to
the quality of products that they make in Nigeria. I can tell you that we don't
have any problems with products made in Nigeria. Our problems with quality in
Nigeria are products that come in from overseas because local industries that
are under our supervision and constant surveillance are applying the standards
and are producing to standard requirements.

Overall, their product quality is fair and good. The products from abroad are
not meeting the Nigerian industrial standards. I will say that the application
of standards in the industry in Nigeria is good. The levels that there are
challenges are at the small and medium scale enterprises. They are so many; they
are in millions and knowledge of standards and application is limited. We are
organising forums to inform them about the benefits of standardisation in their
enterprises and the available standards on what they do.

What is SON doing to check the influx of substandard products into the country
since imported products are the major problem you face in enforcing
standardisation?

With respect to products that are coming into Nigeria, SON needs the support of
the government because that is an issue that is not completely within our
control. It has to do with controls at the border stations and the seaports of
the country. SON is not in control of the borders and the seaports. So, what we
have resorted to is collaboration with the Customs and with the other security
agencies. Though the law says SON should man the seaports, check the quality of
the products and prevent the influx of substandard products, the last
administration expelled SON from the ports and that has accounted for the
widespread availability of substandard products in Nigeria.

Since I came on board, I have initiated series of consultations and
collaborations with the Customs. I have visited the CG of Customs two or three
times and we had an understanding. He has directed his people to work closely
with us. I'm also visiting individual Customs formations across the country. We
are trying to do a difficult job in a difficult situation. But thankfully we are
now receiving more co-operation from the Customs than we did before and we hope
that with that kind of situation, we will be able to make a difference.

But apart from that, we are also trying to strengthen our relation with the
Chinese quality control authorities so that they can also assist us to check the
export of these products to Nigeria from China. We've had series of discussions
with them. We've drafted MoUs which we are hoping that the government will be
able to persuade the Chinese authorities to persuade their standards bodies to
sign; that they can officially deal with substandard products that are coming
from China right there in China. We have also made our case to the government to
allow us back at the seaports so that we can do our job effectively.

For long now, there has been a ban on export of beans to Europe due to quality
issues. What has SON done to standardise our beans to meet international
standards for export?

Frankly, if the problem with export of beans was with SON alone, I would have
told you it was already solved. Of course, the truth of the matter is that the
problem with beans is an issue with standards application, knowledge of the
standards requirements of the export market and applying the standards to the
products. It's a whole spectrum, from soil preparation to harvesting, storage,
packaging and export.

Since 2015, SON has developed a standard for beans cultivation. That was the
problem with beans. It has to do with residue content of the chemicals in the
beans because probably the kinds of chemicals and pesticides used in the
preservation were unacceptable to the European market. That was the basis for
the rejection and we have since developed a standard to solve it. The problem is
making the concerned people, stakeholders and the farmers aware of these
standards and implement them to avoid this kind of situation.

We are working very hard with the Ministry of Agriculture and other agencies in
the Ministry of Industry, Trade and Investment to expose the standards to them.
We are taking the standards to the farmers. We are going round the states. We
were in Katsina State with this sensitisation and our focus was on how standards
can improve in agriculture and agro-allied products to improve yield and quality
for export. That means standards application to the production process. So, we
are taking this campaign around.

How far have you gone on the laboratories you are setting up to test product
quality?

The labs are priority projects for us. Right now, the national laboratory
complex which we have developed in Lagos is nearing completion and in order not
to be weighed down in the process of construction, we have already ordered more
than 90 percent of the equipment. About 50 percent have already been supplied.
So we expect that before the end of this year the entire building complex would
have been completed. Already they have started installing some of the equipment
where finishing is not a problem. We are taking the construction together with
the equipment installation. We expect that by the end of this year, that lab
should be up and running.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Feds expected to announce immigrant influx as part of plan

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 941 words


ST. PETERS BAY, P.E.I. * Immigration Minister John McCallum is expected to
announce an influx of skilled immigrants to the region as part of a "massive
step forward" towards spurring economic growth in the Atlantic provinces.

It will come as part of a new Atlantic growth strategy between Ottawa and the
four eastern provinces, efforts to be put in motion as a handful of federal
cabinet ministers and the region's four premiers gather in the secluded seaside
community of St. Peters Bay, P.E.I.

In an interview on Sunday, Beauséjour MP and House Leader Dominic LeBlanc says
McCallum's presence represents "very good news for the Atlantic Canadian
economy."

Premier Brian Gallant added that New Brunswick comes to the table in hopes of
securing an increase of roughly 1,000 new economic immigrants annually.

The premiers and federal ministers were slated to meet for a private dinner on
Sunday night.

A press conference is slated for Monday at noon.

There is a long list of attendees.

Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains, who is also responsible for the Atlantic
Canada Opportunities Agency will attend.

The Atlantic region's four federal cabinet ministers - LeBlanc, Agriculture
Minister Lawrence MacAulay, Procurement Minister Judy Foote, and Scott Brison,
president of the Treasury Board will also be at Monday's meetings.

McCallum's presence at what is the latest meeting of the region's premiers
signals a significant change in stance toward a longstanding call by provinces
like New Brunswick for an increase in the number of skilled immigrants it can
select and settle.

The ask has been in efforts to address stagnant population levels and aid in
offsetting a rapidly aging workforce.

"We have an Atlantic growth strategy that we have been working on that we are
hopeful will be finalized coming out of the meetings," Gallant said in an
interview with the Telegraph-Journal on Sunday. "This is a strategy in which we
will all be working together with the feds to improve many things that we think
will improve the Atlantic economy.

"One of things we have been working on pretty heavily has been an immigration
piece to help us with ensuring that Atlantic Canada has the best skilled
workforce possible."

He added: "We have made some real gains."

Gallant said the region must buck the trend of an aging population.

It's a multifaceted problem - efforts needed to keep New Brunswickers from
leaving, bring Atlantic Canadians back who once left, as well as welcome more
new Canadians.

But that immigration influx must be targeted, Gallant said.

"We want to be able to bring new Canadians that will have the skills necessary
for the jobs that they can fill now, meaning that we need some flexibility in
determining (who resettles in New Brunswick) instead of having a cumbersome
approach where the federal process may not reflect the realities of Atlantic
Canada," he said. "We are looking for more flexibility."

The last several labour force surveys from Statistics Canada have highlighted a
dire long-term trend in New Brunswick of an aging population eating into the
size of the workforce.

There are currently 5,000 fewer workers aged 15 to 54 in New Brunswick than a
year ago.

At the same time, the population of people 55 and over has increased by roughly
6,400.

The number of people either with a job or looking - the size of the labour force
- stands at roughly 386,000. The figure hit a low of 383,900 just a few months
ago, a level not seen since April 2007.

New Brunswick needs new, younger people to grow the economy.

Regardless, the Gallant government's call for an influx of immigrants with
specific skill sets went unanswered last year, Ottawa deciding against expanding
the number of newcomers the province can nominate through the Provincial Nominee
Program in the year ahead.

Gallant had asked Ottawa for the current cap of 625 to jump to 1,500 nominations
in 2016.

But since that initial request was rejected, Gallant has met with McCallum and
several others on that file to reaffirm the request.

Dominic LeBlanc has said that Ottawa is listening and a larger number of skilled
immigrants will be settled in New Brunswick, the country's immigration minister
"acutely aware of the demographic challenges in Atlantic Canada."

LeBlanc suggested that a greater number of immigrants may come through other
economic streams beyond the nominee program.

In an interview on Sunday, LeBlanc said talks took off after a meeting in
Fredericton earlier this year and that Gallant's subsequent visits to Ottawa
forwarded those discussions.

"One of the key priorities raised in February by all of the premiers was
immigration and the inability of businesses in Atlantic Canada to recruit
immigrants and match them to jobs that are available," LeBlanc said. "We have
been working since then with John McCallum.

"Premier Brian Gallant's meetings in Ottawa really drove the immigration
challenge as a priority that could be rectified."

He added: "McCallum's presence at the meetings [Monday] should be very good news
for the Atlantic Canadian economy. Our meeting in Prince Edward Island will be a
massive step forward in focusing all the resources of the government of Canada
on economic growth in the Atlantic provinces."

Gallant said that initial call for roughly 1,000 more economic immigrants
annually is still the goal.

"That's the number we will strive for," he said. "In the talks with the federal
government, we have made that clear.

"We're going to discussing over the next 24 hours what the pool of a potential
increase could look like. We are certainly still optimistic we will be able to
get a number similar to that." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 The Daily Gleaner
(Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday

Food Drive Powered By Manheim Central Ffa, Young Farmers

BYLINE: Rochelle A. Shenk Correspondent

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY ROCHELLE A. SHENK

Correspondent

The agriculture education department's classrooms at Manheim Central High School
are busier than usual as FFA students prepare for the 59th Manheim Community
Farm Show Oct. 8 to 12.

Austin Horning, Manheim chapter FFA vice president, said the annual events finds
members involved in showing livestock and a food drive, parade float and the
children's area in the dairy barn

FFA and the Manheim Young Farmers banded together for the food drive. Doreen
Shearer, president of the Manheim Young Farmers, said the organization has been
doing a food drive since 2006.

"Our members first went into Stiegel Elementary School and discussed agriculture
with one of the classes," she said. "While we no longer visit with the students,
that outreach project has evolved into distributing bags to all third-grade
students to collect items for the food drive."

Bags for donations went out last week to third grade students at Manheim
Central's three elementary schools. Shearer said bags will be collected by the
two organizations during the parade, which is scheduled to step off at 7 p.m.
Wednesday, Oct. 10.

Horning said FFA students have helped design and create the float for the
parade. This year's theme is "FFA-Lighting the Way," and the float will showcase
FFA's community outreach activities such as an annual blood drive that's held
during National FFA Week in February, planting memorial trees in Baron Grove in
Manheim Veteran Memorial Park, and the annual food drive.

In addition to the parade effort, the FFA is coordinating a food drive at the
high school. Horning said it is a competition between the first block classes.
Classes may bring in donations to the Manheim food bank now through the end of
the Farm Show, Oct. 12. The class with the highest number of items will win a
pizza party.

Community members are encouraged to donate items at the Farm Show itself. FFA
and Young Farmers will have a collection bin in the children's farm show area.

Items will be greatly appreciated by the Manheim food bank, which serves about
140 families. It has a new location - it moved from the basement of the Zion
Evangelical Lutheran Church, 2 S. Hazel St., to the former parish house of Salem
United Methodist Church, 334 W. Gramby St. - and it has a new name: the Manheim
Food Pantry.

Barb Pierce, chair of the food pantry's steering committee, said that the name
reflects the fact that with the larger location clients may now select items
based on family size rather than being provided with prefilled bags. She said
there's a need for personal-care products such as shampoo, body wash,
toothpaste, bath soap, mouthwash, paper towels, toilet paper and tissues as well
as nonperishable food items.

Donna Dieter, parish secretary at Zion, has worked with the food bank for the
past 12 years. She said the ag groups' efforts help stock the shelves for the
winter season.

"The volume of items that were collected during the Farm Show has certainly
grown over the years," she said. "Now it's one of one of the largest influx of
items that we have. The largest influx of items is from the postal workers'
'Stamp Out Hunger' campaign in May."

For more information about the Manheim Young Farmer's and FFA's food drive, call
Shearer at 368-2494. For more information about the Manheim Food Pantry, call
665-3331 ext. 13.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                           December 1, 2005 Thursday

EU deal 'will leave new states awash with cash'

BYLINE: PAUL WAUGH

SECTION: C MERGE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 461 words


TONY BLAIR today shrugged off claims that his plans to solve the EU's budget
crisis would leave Eastern Europe out of pocket.

As he prepared for a crunch meeting with Poland, Hungary and others, the Prime
Minister accepted he would be "attacked from all sides" for his compromise deal
on Brussels finances.

Mr Blair has been accused of behaving like "the Sheriff of Nottingham" in
robbing poorer EU states to pay for richer ones such as Britain. But officials
made clear that his plan to cut 10 per cent of funds to the newer countries
would still leave them with a net influx of huge amounts of money.

The officials said the Eastern European countries would not see a cut in their
funds but a cut in the rate of increase planned at a Luxembourg summit earlier
this year.

There are even fears in the Foreign Office that some states will have trouble
"absorbing" the sheer amounts of cash that will be transferred from 2007-2013,
the next EU budget period.

As the money is awarded in line with population, big countries such as Poland
will get Pounds 45 billion in the six-year period even after the British cuts.

The Poles get the most because they depend so much on agriculture and will
benefit from the Common Agricultural Policy.

Mr Blair flew into Estonia declaring that Britain would not give up its Pounds 3
billion-a-year rebate without a "fundamental" change in the CAP.

But in a bid to avoid total failure in his EU presidency, he called for the
union's budget to be revisited in five years.

The EU budget for 2007 to 2013 has not been settled amid rows over the size of
Britain's rebate, leaving new Eastern European members worried about a cash
shortfall.

After his meeting in Tallin with the Baltic states, Mr Blair was travelling onto
Budapest tonight for another tense meeting with Hungary, Poland, the Czech
Republic and Slovakia. Each was

expected to be a "lions' den" summit, officials said.

But Mr Blair said his proposals were the only way through the impasse. He added:
"These problems are not going to get any easier in the next year or the next two
years. Until we get a fundamental reform of the budget it is always going to be
a little bit like this."

The Prime Minister has refused to back down on his belief that there had to be a
"smaller" EU budget than that proposed by the European Commission.

As part of a compromise deal, Britain would agree to smallerthanexpected rises
in its rebate over the next few years.

WHAT THE NEW STATES WILL GET FROM 2007-2013

Even after British plans to cut their cash increases by 10 per cent, the new EU
states will see a bumper influx of cash.

POLAND Pounds 45 billion

CZECH REPUBLIC Pounds 17 billion

HUNGARY Pounds 16 billion

LATVIA Pounds 7 billion

LITHUANIA Pounds 5 billion

ESTONIA Pounds 2.5 billion

SLOVAKIA Pounds 2 billion

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Mail & Guardian

                               February 13, 2015

Reel in Botswana's wild west

BYLINE: Roman Grynberg

SECTION: AFRICA (BUSINESS)

LENGTH: 661 words



HIGHLIGHT: Fishing licences for locals and the influx of traders from Zambia and
the DRC should be controlled, writes Roman Grynberg.


 In 2010 the Tahal group presented a bold idea to the Botswana ministry of
agriculture - that the landlocked semi-desert country develop a fishing
industry. Part of the 420-million cubic metres of water that could be taken from
the Zambezi as part of the country's riparian rights would be used for a project
that would include, among other things, an aquaculture industry that would
export about 13 000 tonnes of fish a year. The idea that Botswana would become a
major exporter of fish products was beyond the imagination of those in the
ministry and the idea was canned. Now, without a litre of water being lifted
from the Zambezi and with little investment, Botswana is becoming a significant
exporter of unknown quantities of tilapia and catfish to water-rich countries
such as Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). Next month the 2015
fishing season will begin again on Lake Ngami.

The Congo and Zambezi rivers were once considered an important source of fish
for local people but, say several environmental specialists in Botswana, poor
management of fish stocks and rising populations have resulted in there being
not enough fish for residents of these countries. Lake Ngami is a seasonal body
of water filled by the Taughe River, which is part of the Okavango system. When
it comes back to life, consumers, particularly those in urban areas, are
delighted by the sudden influx of relatively cheap fish. But since last year
fishermen found they could get better prices from the hundreds of Zambian and
Congolese "salters", who gut and salt fish. They live in tents next to the lake.
In 2014 there were 11 camps with a population of about 1?000 people surrounding
the lake, say environmentalists working on conservation measures for Lake Ngami.
About 300 Batswana get permits to fish. A medium-sized fish costs about three
pulas at the lake, but when sold in Gaborone it sells for up to 10 pulas. The
dried and salted fish sold in Lubumbashi can treble in price, according to Neo
Ntshwabi. She drives to the DRC four times a year and says she sells 6 000 fish
a trip at 27 pulas a fish. Ntshwabi would thus bring home a gross income of
about $72 000 a year, which, after costs, is enough to pay for a home for her
and her two children. But, according to Botswana Unified Revenue Service (Burs)
figures, only 300 tonnes of fish were exported to Zambia and on to Katanga in
the DRC in the period up to November 2014 at a value of less than a million
pulas. Either Burs is not receiving the correct value and volume figures for
fish leaving the country, or the 16-wheel trucks full of fish that leave Maun
during the fishing season, in addition to the 1 000 Zambian and Congolese, are
making a huge loss. The Ngamiland fishery has become a lawless "wild west" and
the government should act before the next fishing season begins at the end of
this month. The Lake Ngami fishery may become unsustainable because the lake
could one day disappear, as it did in the 1965-1966 drought. But it will also be
unsustainable if the rate of extraction of fish is not sufficiently controlled.
If the lake is overfished there is a potential danger to the ecology should the
fishermen and salters shift from Lake Ngami to the rest of the Okavango
ecosystem. Overfishing there could harm the economy of the country as the
Okavango, a world heritage site, is Botswana's main tourist destination.
Immigration officials should check whether the Zambians and Congolese are in the
country legally and Burs needs to record the real volume and value of fish sold
locally and leaving Botswana. Fisheries officials need to better police the
number of fishermen, monitor the size of their nets and ensure that the number
of fishermen per licence is adhered to.  These are the views of Professor Roman
Grynberg and not necessarily those of any institution with which he may be
affiliated. For transparency purposes, Neo Ntshwabi is a cousin of his wife,
Doris Shalie Grynberg.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 M and G Media (Pty) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Lint prices remain under pressure at cotton market

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 9

LENGTH: 388  words


Physical prices remained under stress conditions with higher influx of lint with
range bound trading and firm spot rate, traders at the Karachi Cotton
Association (KCA) said on Monday.

The KCA kept the spot rate unchanged at Rs 5,500 per maund, floor brokers said.
Floor brokers said the buyers in Punjab and Sindh stations bought selective
grades on competitive prices, while sellers withholding raw stocks were bent to
offer produce on slightly lower rates.

They said buyers in Punjab stations bought second grade stocks at around Rs
4,300 per maund during the trading session. They said buyers and sellers in
Sindh and Punjab stations made some forward deals on a month's delivery basis
while private sector commercial exporters made deals in all grades. The prices
of raw grade lint remained on the lower side as it was traded at around Rs 3,800
per maund in Punjab and Sindh stations, brokers said.

Around 85 percent of the total market volume to 18,000 bales changed hands in
Punjab stations during the trading session, said floor brokers. "The higher
influx of lint pushed sellers withholding fine lint in Punjab and Sindh to offer
their produce on slightly lower prices," said fibre analyst Shakeel Ahmad.
"Correction in New York Futures market besides Indian selling put some pressure
on local market prices."

He said according to United States Department of Agriculture the world demand
for lint witnessed a decline around 13.5 percent despite the international
production rose by 6.6 percent.

He said Pakistan also witnessed an increase in production, which was registered
at around 12 percent to anticipate the total output at 15.2 million bales at the
end of April 2012. He said fine lint remained in focus in Punjab stations as
prices were registered at around Rs 6,000 per maund per maund during the trading
session. Ahmad said buyers in Sindh stations remained eager for fine grade,
while the sellers offered their better grade above Rs 5,850 per maund.

The cottonseed prices in Sindh remained under Rs 1,600 per maund to Rs 2,100 per
maund and in Punjab they were at around Rs 2,400 per maund to Rs 2,800 per maund
depending on grade.

The New York Futures market remained stable as March Futures 2012 stood at 95
cents per pounds and May Futures 2012 at 96 cents per pound. Cotlook A index
stood at 100 cents per pound.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            August 25, 2011 Thursday

Kenyan premier urges Western nation to solve Somalia crisis

LENGTH: 396 words


Text of report by Moses Njagih entitled "Raila urges western nations to solve
Somali crisis" published by Kenyan privately-owned daily newspaper The Standard
website on 25 August

Prime Minister Raila Odinga has lobbied the international community to arrest
the crisis in Somalia, which is worsening the humanitarian crisis in the Horn of
Africa.

Raila suggested the zeal that the Western countries and America have exhibited
in their attempt to dethrone Libyan President Mu'ammar Gadhafi should be
employed to bring stability in the war-torn Somalia.

Speaking after briefing ambassadors and heads of international agencies on
preparations being made to host an international summit in September on the
ongoing drought crisis in the Horn of Africa, Raila said fixing the woes in
Somalia was key to addressing the humanitarian challenges facing the region. "I
wish similar pressure like that put on Libya is exerted on Somalia," said Raila,
who was accompanied by Agriculture Minister Dr Sally Kosgei and Internal
Security Minister George Saitoti.

He said the hunger crisis and challenges in relief food distribution in the
worst hit areas of Somalia had been hampered by war in the country, which has
caused an influx of refugees in Kenya and Ethiopia. Raila said the number of
refugees coming into the country from Ethiopia had risen from about 200 per day
to more than 1,500, creating a bigger humanitarian challenge even to agencies
distributing relief food in camps.

The prime minister called for creation of security zones within Somalia to
accommodate those fleeing due to hunger and instability in the country, saying
Kenya and Ethiopia may not be able to host the large numbers of people running
away from the troubled country. Raila said the government had considered closing
the border with Somalia to contain the influx of the refugees, but changed the
decision in the interest of those who were coming in for survival. "We thought
that the closure of the border would be tantamount to condemning them (refugees)
to death on the other side of the border," he said.

The Nairobi summit is expected to be held on 8 and 9 September under the
chairmanship of President Kibaki and United Nation Secretary General Ban
Ki-moon. The summit's theme will be "Ending Drought Emergencies: A commitment to
sustainable solutions."

Source: The Standard website, Nairobi, in English 25 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Asia News Network (ANN)

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Vietnam struggles to control influx of substandard produce By Business Desk in
Hanoi/Viet Nam News/16 December 2014

LENGTH: 490  words


Ho Chi Minh City (Viet Nam News/ANN) - High demand for farm produce and the
sheer variety of ways in which it is brought into the Ho Chi Minh City (HCMC) in
Vietnam from other localities makes quality control a very difficult task,
officials say.
They admit tighter control of the production and trading of farm produce,
including meat, was needed during the months leading to the New Year to prevent
a strong influx of substandard products.
The Thu Duc District's Veterinary Division reported to have fined 255 businesses
700 million dong (US$33,000) and destroyed 11 tonnes of plant and animal
products since the beginning of the year.
During the same period, the municipal Health Department has fined 41 businesses
a total of 600 million dong ($28,500), shut down four businesses, and destroyed
unregistered products found on the premises of 15 businesses.
Phan Xuan Thao, director of the HCMC Veterinary Department, says the constantly
high demand for farm products has created some management headaches.
City agencies are unable to monitor everything because traders keep finding new
ways to bring the products in, he says.
Nguyen Van Duc Tien, director of the city's Plant Protection Department, says
that food quality has improved since the city started controlling the process at
production sites.
Only one of 20 plant product samples collected from 22 businesses had pesticides
and other plant protection drugs exceeding the accepted standard, and none of
5,000 collected samples from three distribution markets were found violating the
regulation, he says.
Huynh Le Thai Hoa, director of city's Food Safety Agency, says that the city
should encourage consumers to avoid unsafe, unregistered farm products and
educate producers on food safety standards.
The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development has requested provincial
departments to develop production chains that encourage food enterprises to work
with farmers and produce safe products.
Chu Phu My, director of the Ha Noi Agriculture and Rural Development Department
has told the Kinh te & Do thi (Economic and Urban Affairs) newspaper that there
are problems with the new policy that requires food producers to register and
label their products before selling them.
He says that food enterprises, individuals and farming households are not used
to working together within the new production - sale model.
He says the government should provide greater incentives to address this issue,
given that agriculture is typically a low-profit venture with high risk,
depending on the vagaries of the weather and the market, not to mention being
prone to losses inflicted by diseases.  Even those selling meat preferred to
slaughter the animals and sell fresh meat instead of processing and preserving
it, he notes.
The government should educate enterprises, individuals and farming households
about the benefits of joining production chains and selling safe farm products,
he says.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 2075


                       Copyright 2014 Asia News Network.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                  May 26, 1999

Beijing rift over accession

BYLINE: Willy Wo-Lap Lam

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1069 words


The mainland's trade and agriculture ministries have clashed over China's
accession to the World Trade Organisation (WTO). While the showdown between
cadres from the Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Relations (Moftec) and
the Ministry of Agriculture (MOA) was over the extent of market access for
foreign goods, it shone light on factional dynamics within the leadership - and
the country's readiness to make a clean break with the past.

Anti-United States emotions have cooled more than two weeks after the bombing of
the Belgrade embassy, yet meetings of trade negotiators from both sides have
been postponed, and anti-WTO sentiment is high.

This is despite the fact that Premier Zhu Rongji, the mastermind behind the
accession campaign, wants to stick to the original timetable for WTO entry.

According to mainland sources, anti-WTO feelings climaxed at a recent meeting
where Moftec's trade specialists tried to persuade agriculture officials to
accept an accord reached between China and the US early last month. Under the
agreement, the mainland market would be thrown open to farm produce such as
wheat, citrus, meat and poultry.

While there is a phase-in period for the imports, the impact on rural China
could be devastating since US farm products are higher quality and cheaper - by
an estimated 30 per cent on average - than Chinese ones.

A trade source said Moftec officials were overwhelmed by the hostility of
agriculture cadres, who had mobilised scores of experts to buttress claims that
the concessions were unacceptable.

The pro-accession officials, however, were unable to give even a guesstimate of
financial and job losses that would be sustained by farmers, who already have
difficulty selling grain.

MOA cadres were furious when told that it was a "world trend" for governments to
abolish farm subsidies. They became angrier upon learning that wheat from the
northwest Pacific states infected with TCK smut (a fungus which can affect
soybeans and corn) would be allowed into China after being rendered harmless in
a plant to be built on Hainan Island.

"MOA officials cited figures on the state subsidies enjoyed by farmers in
countries including the US and Japan," the source said. "They asked the trade
specialists if they were willing to take responsibility in the 'calamitous
event' that the TCK smut was to spread to wheat-producing provinces such as
Heilongjiang. The latter bowed their heads and couldn't say a word."

Moftec officials were similarly grilled when they tried to explain the planned
concessions to ministries in areas ranging from banks and videos to cars and
telecommunications.

Conspiracy theories surrounding the so-called "Washington-led Nato military
machine" have inflamed xenophobic feelings and made the job of pro-WTO cadres
doubly difficult.

Officials from sectors and regions which will suffer from an influx of foreign
goods have been joined by leftists and army officers who inveigh against US
"neo-imperialism".

Ominously, PLA hawks and leftists, or quasi-Maoists, have won the support of a
number of members of the National People's Congress and the eight democratic
parties. The conservatives have vowed to offer "protection" to anti-WTO cadres.

"Normally, the fire-spitting Zhu can ram unpopular decisions through the State
Council bureaucracy," said a party cadre. "Yet the economic tsar knows what he
is up against and he has kept a low profile."

The premier himself was under fire for pandering to the Americans.

"The leader of one democratic party scolded Zhu for going to the US and
conducting WTO negotiations when bilateral ties were poisoned by allegations of
Chinese espionage," the cadre said.

The premier's addresses in the US - which contained messages aimed at currying
favour with US politicians and businessmen - were never reported in detail in
mainland media.

Yet after the embassy bombing, leftists have circulated the "pro-US speeches"
among Beijing's political circles.

They included Mr Zhu's statements in Washington and New York that if ordinary
Chinese knew what he had yielded to the US, he might be "driven from office".

One charge levelled against Mr Zhu is his failure to tell mainlanders -
particularly workers and farmers - the concessions he has made and their
implications for unemployment.

The premier has reportedly tried to defend himself by saying that WTO entry
belongs in the area of "governmental behaviour" and that there is no need for
every citizen to be apprised of the details.

Worse, President Jiang Zemin, the "core" of the leadership, has kept silent over
the controversy. While he has largely endorsed Mr Zhu's WTO plan, he is said to
be taken aback by the backlash - particularly from disgruntled farmers.

"One reason why the party was able to contain the disruptions of the Cultural
Revolution was that the main participants were workers," Mr Jiang reportedly
said earlier this month. "Nobody knows what will happen if peasants are to play
an active role in politics to fight (for their interests)."

The president, whose obsession is stability, is also worried about the bigger
picture. Three months after Mr Zhu and and his reformist aides decided to adopt
a fast-track accession strategy, the socio-political implications of membership
in the world body have become clearer.

What is at stake is not just trade and jobs but whether China can remain
socialist. Apart from bona fide leftists, cadres working in units such as the
party's Publicity Department and the Ministry of State Security have warned
against the infiltration of bourgeois-liberal values and their threat to
communist orthodoxy.

Will state security be jeopardised if a US company acquires a chunk of a
sensitive entity such as a national telecommunications company?

What will be the consequences on people's thinking if US videos, internet access
and other cultural products are allowed to flood the market?

And what about impact on political reform, which the Communist Party has
resisted.

WTO accession will not only bring news about democratic developments in other
countries; it will be a shot in the arm of the already fast-growing non-state
enterprises, whose owners want a bigger say in politics. A few years down the
road, the party leadership may have no choice but to cede considerable power to
the "quasi-capitalist bosses".

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Photo: AFP); Heavy burden . . . the impact of WTO entry, with an
influx of US farm products, could be devastating on rural China.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              132 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Berwickshire Advertiser

                               November 24, 2005

Influx of immigrants causing problems

LENGTH: 521 words


RACIAL tensions are on the rise in towns like Duns and Berwick which have seen
an influx of European immigrants.

Police in both Berwickshire and north Northumberland admit there has been an
increase in race related trouble which they are now taking steps to nip in the
bud.

Speaking at an alcohol related crime conference in Berwick last week, Inspector
Ken Simpson of Lothian and Borders Police said: "There was quite a lot of
tension in the Duns community last year when there was a large influx of
foreigners, predominantly Portuguese.

"Many of them have decided to stay in the community, while this year they have
been joined by a lot of Poles and Lithuanians.

"That creates its own problems, particularly the differences in culture which we
as a police force are having to come to terms with and put more resources into.

"We are having to deal more frequently with issues such as alcohol related
problems, drink driving, carrying knives and domestic violence.

"What we have to do is try to educate them that they have moved into our
confines and those actions will not be tolerated but it is a difficult issue
that has posed us major challenges."

Dozens of immigrants have been tempted to these shores by the opportunity to
earn a better wage and enjoy a higher standard of living than they could in
their home country.

In this area that means jobs in the agriculture sector at places like Duns-based
fish processing factory Farne Salmon.

Inspector Simpson said: "We have to be more welcoming and are now working far
closer with their major employers, for example in setting up a strategic group
to look at the difficulties they can face in health and education and to help
them integrate better into the local community."

Concerns have been raised that Duns' social problems are now starting to
transmit to Berwick as well where incomers have recently been involved in late
night disorder.

However, Simon Lord, principal housing officer at Berwick Borough Council, said:
"We are now starting to house Portuguese people so over time there is a
community going to develop.

"They have got rights for services and housing, just as anyone else would.

"These people are making their homes here so we do need to get together and look
to see how we can help them integrate into the community."

There was also a warning that agricultural services in the region would collapse
if it was not for the immigrant population willing to take on these jobs.

Jim Manning, head of community safety at Ipswich Borough Council who was
visiting Berwick for the alcohol related crime conference, said: "Portuguese
migrant workers have every right to be here, as much as we would to go and work
in other parts of the EU.

"We need to make this better known to the local population who often see these
immigrants as a threat to their jobs.

"However, I know that in Ipswich's case - and probably Berwick's as well - that
our agriculture services would seize up without these migrant workers who are
prepared to work in the farming and food processing sectors while many locals
aren't."

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc


                              133 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

A word with Barry Carlman of American Staffing Inc.

BYLINE: Anne Wallace Allen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 980  words


Barry Carlman is Fruitland branch manager at American Staffing Inc., a Meridian
labor company with offices in several Idaho cities and Elko, Nev.

In 21 years at his job, Carlman has never seen demand as high as it is now for
workers in early summer. In May, the office hired 130 people - a new high for
the Fruitland office, which fills many positions in agriculture and food
production and processing in a region that includes Oregon's Malheur County,
right across the river from Fruitland. The company finds workers for everything
from onion-sorting positions that start at $8.25/hour to electrician jobs that
pay $30/hour. With agriculture a huge portion of the local economy, hiring picks
up considerably at harvest time, which is generally between August and October.

Payette County, about 45 miles west of Boise on I-84, has an economy that is in
some ways typical of those in rural areas in Idaho and elsewhere. Although the
area is home to some large companies such as the Fruitland-based Woodgrain
Millwork, which is expanding its plant in Nampa;  Internet Truckstop in nearby
new Plymouth, and health centers recently built by both the Saint Alphonsus and
the St. Luke's health systems, the area remains heavily agricultural. Many of
the ag-related jobs are in agricultural production, with hard work, low pay, and
not much opportunity for advancement. Employers have a hard time filling those
positions.

Carlman spoke to Idaho Business Review about the western Idaho labor market and
his thoughts on the labor force. The interview has been edited for length and
clarity.

What are some of the reasons you're seeing for the labor shortage?

The hardest thing right now is the transition to social media, and how to
attract millennials.

Also transportation is always an issue, because there is no public
transportation, or very little. Or things like a lack of transportation combined
with a DUI, so they can't drive to work.

The younger people don't want to work. I see it all the time. I see people come
up in cars that are duct-taped together, with three young people in the back.
You run 10 jobs by them, they turn them down. There's only one reason: there's a
roof and food someplace for them, because when you are hungry, you'll take
anything.

Working around cut onions is not an easy job; not everybody is cut out for it.
But there's work everywhere. Last week, Wal-Mart moved their hiring desk to the
front of the store.

I don't think we're doing a very good job of educating people that employment is
actually a process, that you start with entry-level stuff, you learn how to be
an employee, how to show up, follow instructions, deal with the boss structure,
and then advance by showing that you're capable of doing jobs with more
responsibility.

The whole idea is, "I'm not going to be onion-sorter, I'm going to be president.
"

Are there enough people here to work these jobs?

We're not going to get a big influx of new people. We'll have a small influx of
new people, as time goes on.

Would raising pay help?

Only if it is raised a lot. Right now, although, the minimum wage is $7.25 in
Idaho and $9.50 in Oregon, it's pretty much $10 an hour around here to get
interest.

Anything less than $10, it's a revolving door, because as soon as people find
something closer to home, or that has a little more money, or they have a friend
who works there, or there's any reason to not be there, they'll not be there.

Is the Fruitland area different in this regard from other rural areas?

Small towns have some challenges. We still have agriculture, but we're
transitioning to production, manufacturing, retail. We've seen big growth in
retail, but those jobs aren't usually paying high-end wages.

Probably the biggest challenge I see overall is regardless of the industry,
there are a lot of jobs that pay roughly the same, with the same kind of hours,
the same kind of either limited or restricted advancement. If there's a handful
of superior or higher quality employers with better opportunity or better pay,
none of them are doing enough to stand out to do the next step.

Pay is still typically less here than in Nampa and Boise, within a dollar or
two. And there's not good mobility. We don't have lots of call centers or places
that have large employment of clerical skills and office workers. We have more
production, manufacturing, retail and ag jobs. That makes it difficult, because
for a lot of people who went to college and could probably put computer-related
or office-related skills to work, there's very limited places for them to go.

So then they have to take other types of employment that aren't necessarily in
their skill set.

What can employers do?

Lots of hard work and trial and error. You probably have to give more people
opportunities that have already proven not to be the best at those
opportunities.

At this point, we are literally telling people, especially when it's conflict
resolution or having difficulties or thinking about terminating someone, that it
is better to work with the individual and hope for improvement, than to let them
go when you have no idea when the next person might be available.

And it's not necessarily going to be what the employer wants, always - you're
going to have to take into account what the employees, especially the younger
ones, need.

You always need to make sure people feel wanted, that they're an integral part
of your company. People usually only hear when they made a mistake, not when
they did a good job. Younger people are going to need more of that reassurance
and patting on the back than previous generations did. You're going to have to
offer the flexible scheduling type of thing, a little more accommodating.
Employers are going to have to make some of those changes.



http://www.idahobusinessreview.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Migration of the 'Plain People' Revitalizes Farming

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 25; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 956 words

DATELINE: PENN YAN, N.Y.


While farmland lies fallow in much of rural New York, an influx of Mennonite
families is making agriculture a viable way of life once more in the central
part of the state.

"Yates and Seneca Counties are the only two counties in the state to show an
increase in the number of farms," said Charlie Elrod, a dairy specialist with
Cornell Cooperative Extension. "That's entirely due to the Mennonites."

Many of them come from Lancaster County in Pennsylvania, famed for its
population of "plain people." The greatest catalyst for their migration has been
the price of farmland, which is much cheaper here.

While most of the Mennonites run dairies, some raise hogs, beef cattle and
vegetable crops. Still others have opened support businesses, where they make
harnesses and furniture, build and repair buggies or sell bulk food, shoes and
dry goods.

Tripling Numbers

Leroy Sensenig, a Mennonite who has a sewing-machine repair business, publishes
a map pinpointing the home farms of his fellow church members in Yates County
and neighboring Schuyler and Ontario Counties. He said that the influx began
spontaneously in 1974 with two families, and more followed, with the population
tripling in the last 10 years.

The April 1993 edition of Mr. Sensenig's map shows 186 Mennonite households, all
affiliated with the Groffdale Conference of churches, a traditional group,
although most local estimates put the present number of all Mennonites in the
area at more than 200 families.

The community comprises perhaps 1,000 people, served by four Mennonite churches
and 11 parochial schools. More than 20 families make up the nearby Crystal
Valley conference, a less conservative group whose members drive cars, and
several other area households are Horning Mennonites, also a less conservative
group.

As one of the first Mennonite farmers to move to central New York from Lancaster
County, Pa., Amos Horning, 76, helped many others follow. He was reluctant to
draw conclusions about why his people are succeeding as farmers when many
non-Mennonite farms are struggling.

"I don't want to brag or nothing," he said, "but maybe it's a little smaller
way. Some of these extremely big operations may be too much. If you try to have
everything at once, it costs a lot to operate."

Jim Capron, a field crops specialist with the extension, agreed the Mennonite
farms were succeeding. "Stand on a hill in Penn Yan looking south and count the
new silos," he said.

Lower Labor Costs

Like Mr. Horning, Mr. Capron suggested that the Mennonites' economic success
came from things other than the way they farm. The Mennonites do not necessarily
differ from non-Mennonites in their use of purchased feed, seed, fertilizers or
herbicides. Many use tractors.

But, said Mr. Capron, "If you buy $16,000 pickups and $50,000 tractors and
choppers, you have to have a bigger business to support that. They continue to
thrive and do well because they accept a simpler life style than the rest of
us."

The Mennonites' labor costs are also a factor. "Every person on those type of
farms is productively busy -- whether they're 4 or 40. Their labor costs are low
because the workers are kids -- they're family," Mr. Capron said. "It's
difficult for the existing community of farmers to compete."

Furthermore, he noted, the profitable sale of a Pennsylvania farm also meant a
sound financial base in New York, allowing the Mennonites to remodel barns and
invest in some fundamental agricultural improvements. "They've taken some poor
farms that needed tile drainage, lime, crop rotation," he said, "and now that
land's growing some pretty decent crops."

Buying More for Less


 Nancy Augustine, a real-estate agent in Lancaster County, Pa., whose
grandparents were Mennonites, said a farm of 70 to 100 acres near Lancaster
could cost $5,000 to $15,000 an acre.

"When you pay $15,000 an acre for a farm, you're going to have a hard time
making that pay," she said.

Jim Moon, a Penn Yan real-estate agent, said a similar farm in sparsely
populated Yates County would sell for $500 to $1,500 an acre. Often, he said, a
Mennonite farmer who has sold a farm of 50 to 70 acres in Pennsylvania at a
profit will buy a 200-acre spread in New York, then divide it for several family
members.

As the Mennonites' numbers have grown, the prevailing local rumor has been that,
through their strong church affiliations, the Mennonites did not pay taxes. But
in answer to those rumors, Mr. Moon, the real-estate agent, said: "Tell me a tax
they don't pay. They pay a lot of school tax dollars, but don't ask for
schooling for their kids. They're building bigger and better buildings and
barns, which adds to the property tax base. They use the roads, but they
probably don't beat them up like we do -- and you won't see them down at the
social services office looking for welfare."

The Mennonites are good neighbors, too, he said, adding, "If you have a problem,
they're probably going to be the first ones there."

Mr. Moon cited the Mennonites' participation in the booming, six-year-old
Windmill farm and craft market, a 26-acre cornucopia of farm produce, flea
market finds and food, which draws thousands of visitors every Saturday from May
to December and has brought dozens of new jobs to the areas. "I don't believe it
would have happened without them," he said.

At the Penn Yan branch of the National Bank of Geneva, Jeff Franklin, assistant
cashier and agricultural loan officer, said the Mennonites' farm accounts were
in excellent shape. Although he acknowledged antipathy from some non-Mennonite
farmers toward the newcomers, he said the Mennonites' presence was good for the
area. "Economically," he said, "it's terrific."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Pupils at the Chubb Hollow School, one of 11 Mennonite schools
in the Penn Yan, N.Y., area, gathered around the water pump after recess. The
Mennonite population in Yates, Schuyler and Ontario Counties has tripled in the
last 10 years. (Michael J. Okoniewski for The New York Times) (pg. 25); Pauline
Weaver, a Mennonite, with her daughter, Rosalyn, 2 years old, and Gus
Hainsworth, a child for whom she baby-sits, after arriving at the McDonald's in
Penn Yan, N.Y., in her carriage. (Michael J. Okoniewski for The New York Times)
(pg. 29)

Map of Penn Yan, New York (pg. 29)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              135 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                         September 12, 2001, Wednesday

Dairy crisis averted Worker influx fills jobs

BYLINE: Tom McKinlay

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 4; REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


The Canterbury dairy industry says it is getting on top of its employment
difficulties.

Labour shortages and a reputation for poor work conditions have dogged the
industry. But with the new season under way, Dairy Farmers of New Zealand South
Island representative Frank Brenmuhl said yesterday a predicted labour crisis
had not happened.

"There are a few ads in the paper from time to time but I have not seen the huge
numbers screaming out. It may not be as bad as first thought," he said.

With about 100 new dairy conversions coming on line for the new season, there
was concern last autumn whether a predicted 600 new jobs could be filled.

Mid-Canterbury Agriculture ITO senior training adviser Margaret Rickard said an
influx of older people on to dairy farms was meeting some of that demand.

Workers were also beginning to pour out of the cities into the dairy shed.

A full class of 17 older people, many with families, are on the Mid-Canterbury
training organisation's books this year, which is a first.

"There's a much greater awareness out there of it being a really good career,"
Mrs Rickard said.

The AgITO distributed a booklet at the National Field Days this year, a guide to
good employment practices, as part of a growing realisation that solving labour
shortages has to involve better treatment of staff.

Pay increases are reflecting the returns to dairy farmers.

Mid-Canterbury farm consultant Paul Brown, of South Island Dairy Farmers, said
the industry had suffered from a dreadful reputation.

However, he had not seen workers walking off the job this season as had happened
in the past.

And calving from August to October is the pressure time.

Andrew Moore, of Christchurch, is one of the growing number of younger Kiwis
finding a career path in dairying.

The 20-year-old tried his hand at several jobs before choosing to help milk 500
cows on farmer David Geddes' property just outside Ashburton.

He sees his on-farm work and training through the AgITO leading to university
study and bigger and brighter things.

"I have tried different jobs but I had to look at something that was going to
take me somewhere," he said.

Mr Brenmuhl said it was not uncommon to find people in their early 20s earning
close to $ 50,000.

Perceived shortages were driving improved conditions, he said.

With the industry poised to keep expanding it would not be turning away good
people.

--------------------

CAPTION:

PHOTO: TOM MCKINLAY Dairy worker Andrew Moore finds life good on the farm.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand


                              136 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           March 23, 1994, Wednesday

A rural revolution in China

BYLINE: Shigeo Motoike; Yomiuri Shimbun Foreign News Editor

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 794 words


Until recently, I was optimistic that there would be no major changes in China
in the post-Deng Xiaoping era. As former U.S. Secretary of State Henry Kissinger
has pointed out, there are vast farming regions that have remained largely
unchanged even after major events. The feeling I had was based on my judgment
that "nothing has changed" in the years after the 1989 Tiananmen Square
incident.

The great Chinese revolution that set the foundations for the country's
development today succeeded because it originated with the Long March by the
late Mao Zedong and his followers, by which they penetrated agricultural areas.
History has shown that change does not come to China unless it spreads to
farming districts or unless there is a fundamental transformation in agrarian
villages.

Calls for narrowing the gap between cities and farming villages have been heard
for years. Yet, the gap has widened instead. Because of this situation, there is
the impression that nothing is happening to provoke a dramatic change in China.

Of late, however, there has been a stream of information foreboding upheaval in
China's rural areas. There have been reports about a huge influx of farmers into
cities, revision of the Chinese family register system to cope with that influx,
the prosperity of agricultural enterprises, and farmers' violence that swept
Sichuan Province and other areas from spring to summer last year.

My premonition was strengthened by Deputy Premier Zhu Rongji in a lecture he
delivered recently in Japan. He is governor of the People's Bank of China and
regarded as steering China's economic reforms.

"The Chinese economy has achieved growth of about 13 percent in the last two
years," he said. "Large economic developments are occurring not only in big
cities and coastal areas but also in agricultural and inland areas."

These offhand remarks Zhu made at the outset of his lecture curiously stuck in
my mind. I reflected back on a prediction China's supreme leader Deng Xiaoping
once made: "If there is an economic problem in the 1990s, it will be agriculture
."

The purpose of Zhu's lecture was, of course, to relate to as many Japanese
people as possible how smoothly the Chinese economy has been making strides in
shifting to a socialist market economy. That was why he even stressed that "if
reforms proceed this year according to plan, (the economy) will be on track
toward a market economy in two years."

However, as I stated earlier--and this may sound somewhat rude--if economic
development reaches rural areas, it could strengthen elements that threaten
upheaval across the land. As seen by the influx of people from rural regions to
metropolitan areas, there is a widespread feeling among farmers that it is more
profitable to work at construction sites in the cities than to plant rice and
wheat.

A chronic shortage of arable land and modernization of agriculture has created a
redundant work force of 116 million people in farming regions. In the cities,
where a rush to build is under way, there are those who wish to make use of such
surplus workers.

The cities can absorb only a part of them. But, with such mass shifts of people
and when an information-relay network is developed, there is bound to be change,
unlike after the Tiananmen Square incident five years ago. The farm village
population will be on the march from now. It has been reported that recently the
pro-democracy movement has spread to rural areas.

On the other hand, rampant corruption and public disorder are growing more
serious by the day in the cities because of the idea that money is everything
and because of gaps in income.

Liu Guoguang, former vice president of the China Academy of Social Sciences and
a prominent reformist economic scholar, recently issued a stern warning against
the overheated economic conditions, citing the economic confusion in 1988 that
triggered the Tiananmen Square incident.

In light of this warning, the situation in China will surely become grave
considering the changes in rural areas, the bedrock of the society. The recent
rearrest of pro-democracy activist Wei Jingsheng after his release from prison
last autumn may not be totally unconnected with these conditions in China.

The fifth anniversary of the Tiananmen Square incident is coming up in June.
June 3 is the deadline for extension of most favored nation status for China by
the United States. Deng, who looked frail on television recently and provoked a
sense of anxiety among many Chinese, will be 90 years old in August.

Of course, China is a nation that views things from a time frame of a hundred or
a thousand years. Little things will not rock it. Still, I may not be alone in
somehow feeling that upheaval lies ahead.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1994 The Daily Yomiuri


                              137 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                              June 20, 2008 Friday

Beirut business meet looks to tap Gulf oil windfall

BYLINE: Elias Sakr

LENGTH: 577 words


As domestic conditions gradually improve in the wake of the May 21 Doha accord,
the worldwide rise in oil prices is expected to bring a large influx of Arab
investments to Lebanon and its economy is likely to blossom, speakers said at
the opening of the 12th Arab Investors and Businesspeople Conference in Beirut.

BEIRUT: As domestic conditions gradually improve in the wake of the May 21 Doha
accord, the worldwide rise in oil prices is expected to bring a large influx of
Arab investments to Lebanon and its economy is likely to blossom, speakers said
at the opening of the 12th Arab Investors and Businesspeople Conference in
Beirut.

With a long tradition of liberal investment policies, coupled with a vibrant
banking sector, Lebanon's economic future is promising - if political stability
is maintained, because fulfilling the potential of the growing tourism and the
service sectors depends on such stability, said Economy and Trade Minister Sami
Haddad.

The minister stressed that the remittances sent by Lebanese expatriates were
estimated at around $6 billion in 2007 and helped Lebanon overcome the
enervating political crisis that overshadowed the entire year.

Furthermore, the excess of available liquidity would create more job
opportunities for the Lebanese, leading to an increase in growth and a reduction
in public debt, said Central Bank Governor Riad Salameh.

He added that economic reforms should be implemented alongside the expected rise
in investments in the country, if Lebanon were to reduce its annual budget
deficit and the albatross of public debt.

With the incessantly rising prices of oil leading to a boom in the economies of
many Arab countries, Lebanon is primed to attract a variety of projects and
investment ventures with the nation's qualified workforce and its relatively
free economy, said the head of the Chamber of Commerce, Ghazi Koraytem.

One of the aims of the conference was to support Lebanon after the country's
political leaders managed to settle the 18-month political stalemate, a crisis
that heavily taxed the entire economy, said Arab Institute for Insurance
director Fahd Rashid al-Ibrahim.

In the post-Doha period, he said the the Arab Institute for Insurance would
expand its efforts to provide coverage for investors and exporters against many
kinds of risk.

"Our goal is to directly advertise and encourage investment projects in the
public and private sectors," he said.

Many attendants stressed the  importance of boosting trade and implementing
commercial agreements among Arab countries, in order to face economic challenges
and encourage local investments instead of establishing ventures outside the
Arab world.

Many also called for further investment in the agricultural sector and asked for
the development of necessary infrastructure for agriculture and food-production
industries.

"We should provide investors with exceptional incentives to put money in this
sector, especially after the large spike in food prices worldwide," said Economy
and Business Group director Raouf Bou Zaki.

One main concern was to deal with inflation, as it will greatly influence Arab
economies because they import the vast majority of their food products, said
Adnan Kassar, chairman of the General Union of Chambers of Commerce, Industry
and Agriculture.

"The Arab countries together annually import the equivalent of $30 billion in
food products," said Mervet Telaoui, representative of Arab League Secretary
General Amr Moussa.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2008 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to end mini-budgets, indirect taxes

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem. He said small scale manufacturing was
adversely affected due to energy crisis while the government had failed to come
up to the public expectations. He called for utilising the full impact of
declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues. He believed that cost of
production of everything would have been reduced after decline in petroleum
prices which increase the profits and savings rates while ensuring transfer of
its benefit was the government responsibility. He said circular debt could be
controlled with good governance. He said by spending tax money on documented
economy employment opportunities could be increased, which could decrease
inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors. He said burdening the people with extra
taxes in the ongoing circumstances was cruelty to public. He said easy taxation
system was necessary for documentation of economy and ending the fear of taxes
among public, reducing the rate of indirect taxes so that public could get
relief. He called for comprehensive reforms to end imbalance in the economy and
society.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to avoid mini-budgets, indirect taxes on people

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem.

He said small scale manufacturing was adversely affected due to energy crisis
while the government had failed to come up to the public expectations. He called
for utilising the full impact of declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues.

He believed that cost of production of everything would have been reduced after
decline in petroleum prices which increase the profits and savings rates while
ensuring transfer of its benefit was the government responsibility.

He said circular debt could be controlled with good governance. He said by
spending tax money on documented economy employment opportunities could be
increased, which could decrease inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors.

He said burdening the people with extra taxes in the ongoing circumstances was
cruelty to public. He said easy taxation system was necessary for documentation
of economy and ending the fear of taxes among public, reducing the rate of
indirect taxes so that public could get relief. He called for comprehensive
reforms to end imbalance in the economy and society.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                             May 10, 2001, Thursday

Cattle influx sparks concern

SECTION: FARMING Pg. 17

LENGTH: 461 words


THE expected arrival of 15,000 cattle in Southland next month, with feed in
short supply, has sparked concern the environment could be placed under
unsustainable pressure.

Environment Southland is concerned the soil, buffer zones protecting waterways
and wetlands will suffer as farmers seek alternative feed and places for stock
to graze.

A report to councillors a week ago proposed staff ask council to reaffirm that
its regulation and enforcement policies would be applied with the "usual
diligence".

The report, by general manager Lindsay McKenzie, also invited Environment
Southland councillors to consider what action it should take in response to the
influx of cattle.

"We say that this is not an unforeseen event and that, in the circumstances, the
costs should not be borne by the environment," Mr McKenzie's report says.

There were economic solutions and remedies, but not all of those were
environmentally acceptable, including excessive and late use of nitrogen used to
promote grass growth, the report said.

"There is a risk that raising this issue will be seen by some as being akin to
Doomsday prophets." Not so, Mr McKenzie said. "Our interest is in being part of
the equation, if not the solution, despite the limited scope we have to do so."

Environment Southland voted to consider various ways of assisting without -- as
deputy chairman Stuart Collie put it -- telling farmers "how to suck eggs".

Mr McKenzie said he understood 15,000 cattle were expected, but Invercargill
farm management consultant Bruce Beckingsale said it could be up to 50,000.

Mr Beckingsale said there were 51 new dairy farm conversions being readied for
August and September, and it was expected each would stock 600 to 800 cows to
supply the Edendale milk factory.

"There would also be some build-up on existing farms so it's possible it could
get to 50,000," he said.

There were about 200,000 dairy cows in the province now.

An Edendale milk factory spokesman said 25,000 extra cows would be supplying the
plant this season.

Environment Southland staff are looking at giving one-on-one farm and field day
advice, and advising lessees of its land about the concerns and its policy of
environmentally sensitive stewardship. Also being looked into is monitoring of
the feed shortage situation and responses to it.

Federated Farmers Southland president John Morrison said extra feed was there,
but it was very expensive and could be uneconomical.

Environment Southland's moves to assist farmers were "reasonable" but he
questioned the concern about the influx of cattle. "Is it a lift in the actual
stock units in Southland? Because there could be the equivalent in sheep going
off." -- NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              141 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to end mini-budgets, indirect taxes

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem. He said small scale manufacturing was
adversely affected due to energy crisis while the government had failed to come
up to the public expectations. He called for utilising the full impact of
declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues. He believed that cost of
production of everything would have been reduced after decline in petroleum
prices which increase the profits and savings rates while ensuring transfer of
its benefit was the government responsibility. He said circular debt could be
controlled with good governance. He said by spending tax money on documented
economy employment opportunities could be increased, which could decrease
inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors. He said burdening the people with extra
taxes in the ongoing circumstances was cruelty to public. He said easy taxation
system was necessary for documentation of economy and ending the fear of taxes
among public, reducing the rate of indirect taxes so that public could get
relief. He called for comprehensive reforms to end imbalance in the economy and
society.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to avoid mini-budgets, indirect taxes on people

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem.

He said small scale manufacturing was adversely affected due to energy crisis
while the government had failed to come up to the public expectations. He called
for utilising the full impact of declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues.

He believed that cost of production of everything would have been reduced after
decline in petroleum prices which increase the profits and savings rates while
ensuring transfer of its benefit was the government responsibility.

He said circular debt could be controlled with good governance. He said by
spending tax money on documented economy employment opportunities could be
increased, which could decrease inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors.

He said burdening the people with extra taxes in the ongoing circumstances was
cruelty to public. He said easy taxation system was necessary for documentation
of economy and ending the fear of taxes among public, reducing the rate of
indirect taxes so that public could get relief. He called for comprehensive
reforms to end imbalance in the economy and society.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to avoid mini-budgets, indirect taxes on people

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem.

He said small scale manufacturing was adversely affected due to energy crisis
while the government had failed to come up to the public expectations. He called
for utilising the full impact of declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues.

He believed that cost of production of everything would have been reduced after
decline in petroleum prices which increase the profits and savings rates while
ensuring transfer of its benefit was the government responsibility.

He said circular debt could be controlled with good governance. He said by
spending tax money on documented economy employment opportunities could be
increased, which could decrease inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors.

He said burdening the people with extra taxes in the ongoing circumstances was
cruelty to public. He said easy taxation system was necessary for documentation
of economy and ending the fear of taxes among public, reducing the rate of
indirect taxes so that public could get relief. He called for comprehensive
reforms to end imbalance in the economy and society.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to end mini-budgets, indirect taxes

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


Introducing mini-budgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.



These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices - increase in taxes - what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem. He said small scale manufacturing was
adversely affected due to energy crisis while the government had failed to come
up to the public expectations. He called for utilising the full impact of
declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues. He believed that cost of
production of everything would have been reduced after decline in petroleum
prices which increase the profits and savings rates while ensuring transfer of
its benefit was the government responsibility. He said circular debt could be
controlled with good governance. He said by spending tax money on documented
economy employment opportunities could be increased, which could decrease
inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors. He said burdening the people with extra
taxes in the ongoing circumstances was cruelty to public. He said easy taxation
system was necessary for documentation of economy and ending the fear of taxes
among public, reducing the rate of indirect taxes so that public could get
relief. He called for comprehensive reforms to end imbalance in the economy and
society.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

Influx of fake agro-chemical products worrying

LENGTH: 530  words


Source: Kizito Cudjoe | B&FT Online | Ghana

The influx of fake and adulterated agro-chemical products on the market is a big
concern for agri-businesses, and there has been a call for the collective
support of all stakeholders in the agro-chemical industry to overcome this
menace.

The development where people continue selling fake products to farmers poses a
big challenge particularly to industry players, despite ongoing effort to tackle
it; such products flooding the market are part of the reasons for low yields
being recorded by farmers across the country.

The use of such chemicals in farming not only affects the finances of farmers
due to the low productivity, but also damages the soil's fertility. The irony of
the situation is that some of these products are not imported but produced
within the country for use.

The Managing Director of Regional Marketing Group (RMG) Ghana Ltd., an
agricultural input and services provider, William Kotey made these remarks in an
interview at the official launch of its operations in Ghana and opening of the
Company's Kumasi office.

According to him, it will require regular engagement and education of farmers to
enable them to distinguish between a fake and a genuine product when confronted
with one.

He has therefore underscored the need for regulatory bodies like the
Environmental Protection Agency to enforce the country's laws to stop people
from bringing such products onto the markets.

RMG Ghana Limited, born out of the partnership between RMG Concept Limited -- a
leader in Crop Protection Products (CPP's) in Africa -- and Wienco Ghana
Limited, a leader in the agricultural sector of Ghana, has now commenced full
operations in the country with a commitment to bring improvement into the
agricultural sector.

With this partnership, RMG Ghana Limited will be responsible for supplying
Agro-Inputs while Wienco Ghana Limited focuses on commodities and agricultural
production.

The Head of Business, Roland Nii Ayi Quaye, explained that the most appropriate
way to ensure food security in Ghana and wealth-creation for farmers is to
improve their productivity -- and the best way to achieve this will be to ensure
availability of the best and most advanced technology in agriculture to farmers.

He said the products offered by the company come at rates that can meet the
expenses of farmers in the country.

"The vision of ensuring the profitability of Ghanaian farmers will still be very
much emphasised to improve their productivity.

"The Ghanaian farmer will continue to be offered quality agricultural inputs
with much wider choice inputs, and a wider distribution network to improve
access to inputs," a statement released by the company stated.

It further indicated that it will increase its technical capability, and by so
doing improve technical and agronomic delivery as best as possible in order that
its services to farmers becomes meaningful toward helping them achieve
profitability.

In addition to the Kumasi office, RMG Ghana has also established offices in
Takoradi, Tamale and Techiman, with the head office in Accra.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/46/145751981079.jpg

Influx of fake agro-chemical products worrying

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                             August 26, 2011 Friday

The Task Before the New Secretaries [analysis]

BYLINE: Catherine Agbo

LENGTH: 1609  words


President Goodluck Jonathan recently approved the appointment of new secretaries
for the mandate secretariats of the FCT administration. The secretaries have
since assumed office. CATHERINE AGBO writes on the challenges before them

When the federal government, under former President Olusegun Obasanjo introduced
the office of mandate secretaries in the Federal Capital Territory
Administration (FCTA), the aim was to divest the amount of power the president
held as the administrator of the FCT.

The motive was to put people directly in charge of critical areas where they
will relate and connect directly with the people and the challenges confronting
the development of Abuja.

About a fortnight ago, President Goodluck Jonathan approved the appointment of
six new mandate secretaries for the secretariats and a new coordinator for the
Abuja Metropolitan Management council (AMMC).

The new secretaries who were sworn-in by the FCT minister, Senator Bala
Mohammed, were charged with a mandate to coordinate the affairs of the
secretariats for effective service delivery to the residents of the FCT.

Those sworn in were Alhaji Kabiru Usman who is to take charge of the Education
Secretariat; Dr. Onakomaiya Ademola for Health and Human Services Secretariat
and Mrs. Blessing Onuh, in charge of the Social Development Secretariat.

Others are Engr. Jonathan Achara (Transportation Secretariat); Alhaji Yahaya
Ibrahim (Area Council Services Secretariat) and Mrs. Olvadi Madayi (Agriculture
and Rural Development Secretariat).

Also sworn-in was the coordinator AMMC, Architect Reuben Okoya.

In his inauguration address, the minister told the newly constituted cabinet to
keep track with president Jonathan's transformation agenda of economic reliance,
prosperity, infrastructural development and good governance in the FCT.

He charged them to buckle up and brace up to the new challenge before them as
government business was considered serious business in the FCT, saying, "We are
running a city with daily influx of people where the best services are required
24 hours with expectations that we keep up with this pace," and added that they
should set aside all distractions as the days of politicking were over.

In her maiden interactive session with the secretaries under the supervision of
her office, the FCT minister of state, Chief Olajumoke Akinjide charged them to
work as a team with a view to achieving success in the overall interest of the
residents.

She said, "Transformation is no longer a slogan since it is measurable, it has
brought into fore a new era of accountability where performance indicators would
be used to assess records of efficiency or otherwise of all duty bearers".

Beyond the fanfare of celebrations of making the list, as a popular saying goes,
"To whom much is given, much is expected," the secretaries have to settle down
to the real task of developing the mega city, in line with the dream of its
founding fathers.

A cross-section of residents who spoke with LEADERSHIP recently counseled the
new secretaries to initiate programmes that would apart from develop the city,
have direct impact on the lives of the citizens.

Abuja, still a growing city, is saddled with a lot of challenges ranging from
health, education, infrastructure, satellite towns development, traffic control
and effective transportation system.

Hon. Olvadi Madayi is the secretary in charge of Agriculture and Rural
Development Secretariat. She holds a Higher National Diploma in Business
Administration and Management from Federal Polytechnic, Mubi, Adamawa State.

As agriculture scribe, her efforts should be geared towards ensuring that the
FCT is self sustaining in the area of food production and maintain its pride of
place in agriculture.

A large majority of the Abuja natives are farmers who have the capacity to
produce enough for the FCT and the whole country, considering the fertile land
they exist on.

Timely provision of agricultural input such as fertilizers, improved crop
varieties and herbicides at affordable rates would go a long way in ensuring
that food availability.

The transport sector is one of the most challenging sub-sectors in the FCT. This
is primarily because of the chaotic transport system operated in the city.

The new transport secretary, Engr. Jonathan Achara, who has been re-appointed to
the position, must ensure that a workable transport policy is put in place in
the FCT, which must be citizen and operator friendly.

The secretariat must also look at the issue of road expansion and creation of
additional roads in the city, as well as provision of adequate traffic control
mechanism in the city.

A situation where a city like Abuja exists without traffic lights and other
traffic markings is totally unacceptable.

Work on the Abuja Light Rail project must alos be fast tracked as this would
help reduce the number of cars on the roads, thus reducing accidents and
improving traffic.

The new education secretary, Alhaji Kabir Usman, holds Master degree in Guidance
and Counseling from the University of Ibadan.

A trained educationist who has serviced in different capacities in his state,
Kebbi State, Usman must address the challenges of overcrowding in FCT schools,
the problem of inadequate teachers and classrooms in FCT schools and
second-grade schools in the FCT.

It is no longer news that schools in the FCT, especially at the basic education
level are overcrowded because of the high influx of people to the FCT, just as
people from neighbouring suburbs, come to the FCT to enjoy the free education.

The Universal Basic Education programme must be looked at closely to plug any
loopholes militating aginst giving the children of the FCT, the best education
possible.

The social development secretariat, one of the most vast of all the secretariats
is saddled with the responsibility of ridding the city of hawkers, beggars and
all manner of destitution.

The secretariat also provides social welfare services and rehabilitation
services for those in need of such services in the FCT.

With a Master of Sociology from the University of Abuja, the new secretary for
social development, Mrs. Blessing Onuh, who was re-appointed to the position, is
a 'round peg in a round hole' for the position.

Onuh who was popular for her advocacy and campaigns against the activities of
commercial sex workers in the FCT must step up the campaign in her new
appointment.

Other critical areas to be addressed in this area include sports and youth
development, youth empowerment, vocational training and rehabilitation of
destitute persons.

The secretary must work towards ensuring that the vocational and rehabilitation
centres are habitable and the programmes are adequately funded, as this has been
discovered to be the bane of the programmes.

The health sector is one of the most challenging sectors as the importance of
good health care delivery and healthy living in the society cannot be
overemphasized.

This sector is bedivelled with a myriad of challenges including dearth or near
absence or primary health care centres, inadequate hospitals, over-crowding in
the hospitals, lack of bed space, inadequate personnel and operational vehicles
for emergency services and general poor service delivery in the hospitals.

As health scribe, the new health secretary, Dr. Onakomaiya Ademola must rise up
to the challenges.

Ademola who is a graduate in Public Health from University of Wolverhampton,
United Kingdom must approach the job of ensuring good health service delivery to
the people with commitment.

Emphasis should be paid to primary health care as this would help check the
influx of patients to secondary health institutions.

A goal of a primary health care centre for each village could be worked out in
this regard.

Efforts must also be made to open up more district hospitals and employ more
personnel for the existing ones, just as the provision of medical equipment must
not be over looked.

In his capacity as secretary, area council services secretariat, Mr. Yahaya
Ibrahim, must ensure accountability in area council administration.

Area councils must be made to work as the majority of Abuja residents live in
the satellite towns in the area councils.

Provision of roads and other infrastructure within the purview of the area
councils must be strictly enforced as the area council is the level of
government closest to the people.

Sanitation of the area councils must also be ensured as guarantee for good
health.

Arch. Reuben Okoya is the present coordinator of the Abuja Metropolitan
Management Council (AMMC). He is currently undergoing his PhD programme in
environmental management.

The AMMC has several departments under it including development control, urban
affairs, parks and recreation and fire service.

As coordinator of the city management arm of the FCT administration, he must
ensure that every department is up and doing in the provision of its duties and
services, to avoid breakdown of services in the city.

Enforcement, especially in the area of development control must be taken
seriously to avoid contentious demolition cases.

Approval of building plans which fall under the development control office must
also be fast tracked as it has been discovered that plot owners sometimes wait
over two years to get same.

The department must also work towards the provision of public conveniences in
the city, one of the crucial infrastructure that has evaded the city.

Given the numerous challenges facing the nation's capital especially in the area
of provision of basic infrastructure, it is expected that the present
administration would be true to the people and respond to their yearnings by
providing succor in those critical areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               November 17, 1999

The barriers that still remain

BYLINE: Willy Wo-Lap Lam

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 1112 words


Various departments and bureaucrats are already trying to erect roadblocks to
slow the influx of goods, services and ideas that is expected into China after
World Trade Organisation (WTO) accession.

And despite the perception that WTO membership will be a catalyst for thorough
-going economic - and later political - reform, the impact will be much slower
than most people think.

It is instructive that after the six-day negotiations ended with Monday's Sino
-US agreement, it was the American delegation that released the details of
Chinese concessions in market access and other areas. Yesterday's mainland
papers carried hardly any information on tariff reductions and the opening of
markets.

Opposition to WTO accession remains strong among State Council ministries and
most regional administrations.

Soon after the WTO talks were resumed in September for the first time since the
Nato bombing of the Chinese embassy in Belgrade, a number of senior cadres asked
advisers to concoct open and hidden barriers to imports that will dilute or even
override terms spelled out in the eventual deal.

Such attempts at quasi-sabotage will be made easier by the fact that Monday's
agreement was much less detailed and specific than the document on the "Chinese
concessions" unilaterally publicised by Washington during Premier Zhu Rongji's
visit to the US in April.

Take agriculture. While attention in the past week has been focused on
telecommunications and finance, it is in rural areas, home to 800 million
Chinese, where the adverse impact will be most felt.

In internal discussion with Beijing's trade negotiators, mainland agriculture
officials reiterated that since Chinese produce was at least 30 per cent more
expensive than that on the international market, even a slight opening of the
door could translate into the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs.

The Sino-US WTO agreement cannot stop the central or local administrations
continuing to subsidise farmers either openly or through indirect means.

During Mr Zhu's trip to the US, Beijing agreed to lift the ban on the import of
wheat from the Pacific Northwestern states that is infected with the fungus TCK
smut.

Both sides also settled on an elaborate mechanism to settle disputes concerning
the sanitary standards of other agricultural products. For example, the Chinese
are to build inspection facilities and laboratories in Hainan Island and other
places.

A Beijing-based trade specialist pointed out, however, that "the devil is in the
implementation". Based on the sanitation issue alone, customs and quarantine
stations in different provinces could slow the influx of Western farm produce by
a big margin.

The specialist cited other existing or imminent hurdles for agriculture,
industry and the services. It is understood that a couple of State Council units
are drafting regulations on the environmental impact of imports. According to
one version, the mere assessment of whether a foreign product can satisfy
safeguards against pollution and other ills can take months.

Then there is the question of provincial protectionism. Even huge domestic
conglomerates in areas ranging from cars to mobile phones have found it hard to
penetrate regions that are the turf of rival groups.

Questions about the quantity and worth of Western products and services that
will hit post-WTO China, however, pale beside these much more crucial issues.
Will membership of the world body bring about fundamental changes in how
enterprises - and the Communist Party and government apparatus - are organised
and run? Will there be political reforms commensurate with market
liberalisation?

It is almost a truism that the open door and integration with the world economy
- which underlies China's WTO membership - will not go far unless there is a
drastic cut in the party and government's control of enterprises and
mainlanders' everyday lives.

The April document published by Washington said Beijing had agreed to gradually
curtail the "high degree of state involvement in the economy". It said China
would let enterprises operate solely on commercial considerations and that the
authorities "will not influence these commercial decisions (either directly or
indirectly) except in a WTO-consistent manner".

There is evidence Beijing will keep WTO-related requirements in mind when
drafting economic policies such as the 10th Five-Year Plan for 2001 to 2005.

However, basic elements in the party orthodoxy - such as tight party and
government control of major enterprises, enshrined by the Central Committee
plenum in September - are unlikely to change in the foreseeable future.

The same goes for mutations in the political and social systems that are
required for real integration with the world marketplace. Liberal officials such
as Chief Trade Negotiator Long Yongtu are aware of the political implications of
WTO membership.

"There will be a dovetailing with global norms," he said at a WTO seminar in the
summer. "The degree of transparency of the (Chinese) system will be boosted, and
this will make it easier to crack down on corruption."

Surely, basic institutions and practices such as party control of ideology and
information - and much of the legal and judicial apparatus - are at odds not
only with market-access provisions but the general spirit of matching global
standards.

Major beneficiaries of Monday's agreement are telecommunications firms, which
can finally exploit the Chinese Internet market.

However, there seems little doubt Beijing will stick to its time-honoured,
double-fisted policy: taking steps to tighten ideological and political control
even as it goes about liberalising the economy. There is speculation the
authorities will soon pass additional regulations forbidding the flow of
anti-socialist or anti-party information.

In the final analysis, free trade only thrives in a free society. Soon after
concluding the deal, US chief negotiator Charlene Barshefsky denied reports that
Washington wanted to use the WTO to promote the "peaceful evolution" of China
into a capitalist nation.

"We have to be realistic about the prospects for change in China because there
are elements of the country that will never change," Ms Barshefsky said. "I am
cautious in making claims that a market-opening agreement leads to anything
other than opening the market."

The Jiang leadership realises, of course, the interlinkage between economics and
politics. But for as long as is possible, it will seek to keep them in
watertight compartments.

Willy Wo-Lap Lam is a South China Morning Post Associate Editor.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1999 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              148 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to end mini-budgets, indirect taxes

SECTION: Vol. 24 No. 358

LENGTH: 591  words


Introducing minibudgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.

These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices  increase in taxes  what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem. He said small scale manufacturing was
adversely affected due to energy crisis while the government had failed to come
up to the public expectations. He called for utilising the full impact of
declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues. He believed that cost of
production of everything would have been reduced after decline in petroleum
prices which increase the profits and savings rates while ensuring transfer of
its benefit was the government responsibility. He said circular debt could be
controlled with good governance. He said by spending tax money on documented
economy employment opportunities could be increased, which could decrease
inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors. He said burdening the people with extra
taxes in the ongoing circumstances was cruelty to public. He said easy taxation
system was necessary for documentation of economy and ending the fear of taxes
among public, reducing the rate of indirect taxes so that public could get
relief. He called for comprehensive reforms to end imbalance in the economy and
society.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Call to avoid mini-budgets, indirect taxes on people

SECTION: Vol. 24 No. 358

LENGTH: 590  words


Introducing minibudgets on a regular basis should be discouraged after the
annual budget in the country as such budget adds to public worries; the taxation
system in the country is unbalanced and influx of indirect taxes is extra burden
on people.

These views were expressed by the experts at Jang Economic Session on 'Decline
in petroleum prices  increase in taxes  what public get'. The panellists were
Imtiaz Cheema, Hussain Ahmed Sherazi, Hamid Malhi, Munir Ahmed Khan and Manzoor
Malik while the session was hosted by Sikandar Lodhi.

Imtiaz Cheema said taxation system in the country was unbalanced and influx of
indirect taxes was pushing society backwards. He believed that indirect and
sales taxes could neither run the states nor increase savings. He said ratio of
decline in petroleum prices in Pakistan was lower than the international rates
while it did not have any positive impact on prices of edibles or other items
which was a major public problem.

He said small scale manufacturing was adversely affected due to energy crisis
while the government had failed to come up to the public expectations. He called
for utilising the full impact of declined petroleum prices for economic gains.

Hussain Ahmed Sherazi said the solution of all public problems was linked with
good governance in which Pakistan was lacking far behind. He said taxation
system in Pakistan was based on injustice in which 80 percent taxes were
indirect which was major cause of public problems. He said decline in petroleum
products prices did not resolve public issues.

He believed that cost of production of everything would have been reduced after
decline in petroleum prices which increase the profits and savings rates while
ensuring transfer of its benefit was the government responsibility.

He said circular debt could be controlled with good governance. He said by
spending tax money on documented economy employment opportunities could be
increased, which could decrease inflation and stabilise the value of rupee.

Hamid Malhi said that consumption of petroleum products was minimum in Pakistan,
while diesel rates were not reduced. He said it was fact that government did not
have resources for subsidies but facilitating steel sector and given import
duties rebate was injustice with agriculture sector which was affecting its
performance. He said $6 billion relief in import bill for government should also
be shifted to public. He called for increase in literacy rate, focusing on human
resource development for rural development.

Munir Ahmed Khan said reduction in petroleum price was not any favour of
government to public rather its impact of international prices passed on. He
said it was the provincial governments' responsibilities to ensure its benefits
to public. He called for ending mini budget after annual budget as it was insult
of parliamentarians who approved the budget in assembly. He said if government
could not control energy crisis, then at least stop electricity and gas theft.

Manzoor Malik called for protecting the industrial sector and industrialisation
for employment generation. He said comprehensive policies required for both
agriculture and industrial sectors.

He said burdening the people with extra taxes in the ongoing circumstances was
cruelty to public. He said easy taxation system was necessary for documentation
of economy and ending the fear of taxes among public, reducing the rate of
indirect taxes so that public could get relief. He called for comprehensive
reforms to end imbalance in the economy and society.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                              April 3, 2009 Friday

States want more say in stimulus spending

BYLINE: By Kevin Bogardus

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 837 words


State utility commissioners and tech companies are fighting over how Washington
should distribute $7 billion in stimulus funds to increase Internet broadband
access across the country. State government officials want a greater say in
where the money goes out of fear that the federal agencies responsible for the
broadband grants will be overwhelmed by an influx of applications for broadband
grants seeking the new stimulus money. Silicon Valley feels, however, that the
federal government will be better able to take a big-picture view and
efficiently pass out the broadband grants. Company executives worry too much
state involvement could delay the distribution of the grant money, thereby
reducing its effectiveness in stimulating the economy.

Two little-known federal agencies will be responsible for the deployment of
broadband access under the stimulus package: the Rural Utilities Service (RUS)
under the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) under the Commerce
Department. Brad Ramsey, general counsel for the National Association of
Regulatory Utility Commissioners (NARUC), said both agencies are "massively
understaffed" and would have trouble in moving quickly on the stimulus funds. In
addition, the federal government could benefit from the local expertise provided
by state officials, he said. "When you open up a fire hose like this, some of it
is going down the rat hole," Ramsay said. "The best way to keep the rat holes to
a minimum is have the state experts help out with the process." NARUC sent a
letter Thursday to Commerce Secretary Gary Locke, Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack and other officials on how broadband grants should be distributed. In
the NARUC proposal, state officials would rank the priority of each of their
broadband grant applications from their state for the federal government. In
addition, states would be given a deadline to "use or lose" broadband funding to
encourage states to distribute the money quickly. This approach "saves
resources, puts the people with the information needed to make reasonable and
rapid decisions in a strong advisory role, provides an additional layer of
accountability, and significantly increases the chances that the money will
actually get disbursed as States will have proper incentives to both opt-in and
complete the task," the letter says. Eighty-seven regulators from 38 states
signed onto the NARUC letter. State governors have pushed for similar proposals
suggested by NARUC as well. For example, in a March 18 letter to the Commerce
Department, Oregon Gov. Ted Kulongoski (D) asked that stimulus broadband grants
be given to his state in one allocation so his administration could help
streamline the process. But advocates for the tech industry believe adding state
agencies to the mix could further complicate and delay the distribution of
broadband stimulus money. "We are confident that NTIA and RUS have the resources
to do this job, and more chefs in the kitchen aren't needed to achieve these
important goals," said Mike Dabbs, a director of government relations for the
Information Technology Industry Council, a tech trade association. Dabbs and
others in the tech industry believe state officials should be involved in the
process of doling out funds to increase broadband access, but federal officials
should remain in the lead and should not cede control to anyone else. "If the
state utilities received these grants and they are the right applicants, that's
fine," Dabbs said. "Again, it should not be about the type of the applicant, but
the value of the project on how best to get broadband out there." The stimulus
package allows federal agencies to add staff in order to handle the increased
workload. A USDA official said that RUS has no plans to hire more people to
handle the extra work. But Mark Tolbert, a spokesman for NTIA, said the agency
is hiring right now "to handle the influx of grant requests so we can process
applications in a timely manner." USDA's Rural Development division, which RUS
is a part of, has about 6,000 employees nationwide. NTIA has roughly 300
employees. Tolbert said that NTIA also plans to work with state officials on the
stimulus's broadband deployment. "We plan to work closely with state and local
governments. We believe collaboration is critical to delivering viable projects
that can be implemented effectively," Tolbert said. President Obama has moved
quickly to get both agencies up and running. He has nominated former Federal
Communications Commissioner Jonathan Adelstein as the RUS administrator. In
addition, Obama has nominated Lawrence Strickling, another former FCC official,
to head up NTIA. Both agencies are drafting guidelines for the broadband grant
application process. The public comment period for RUS's guidelines will end on
April 13; the guidelines are expected to be finalized sometime in June. The
first round of stimulus broadband funding should be allocated by this summer.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2009 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 18, 1992, Friday, City Edition

Suncoast Catholics send $ 450,000 in aid

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; ANDREW DIGEST; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG; FORT MYERS



Donations for hurricane victims in Florida, Louisiana and Hawaii totaled  $
450,000 from parishioners at 76 Catholic churches in the Diocese of St.
Petersburg, a spokeswoman said Thursday. Of that, $ 250,000 went to Miami;  $
50,000 to Venice; $ 60,000 to Lafayette, La.; $ 25,000 to New Orleans; and  $
15,000 to the Diocese of Houma-Thibodaux, La. The rest is going to Hawaii.

Southwest Florida

expects refugee influx

FORT MYERS - Southwest Florida may have escaped costly physical damage from
Hurricane Andrew, but the region is seeing a surge of hurricane victims from
Dade that may cost millions of dollars. Lee, Collier, Charlotte and Sarasota
counties estimate that up to 11,600 people will move to Southwest Florida in
the next 12 to 18 months, and those people will need everything from housing  to
food stamps. The influx is expected to cost the area $ 15-million to  $
20-million more for education, transportation, social services, health
services, law enforcement, capital improvements and water/sewer expansion.
Estimates were compiled for U.S. Rep. Porter Goss, R-Sanibel.

Briefly . . .

Insurers get deadline: State regulators Thursday gave insurance companies  until
Oct. 15 to get adjusters to every home and auto damaged by Hurricane  Andrew to
put an end to what anxious policyholders feared could be an endless  wait. The
deadline gives companies less than a month to complete the key stage  of claims
service but more than seven weeks since the storm produced a  projected 700,000
claims, a record for any natural disaster in U.S. history.

USDA promises quick relief: The Agriculture Department on Thursday promised  to
help farmers trying to rebuild after Hurricane Andrew, Florida's top  lawmakers
reported after a meeting in Washington, D.C., with Agriculture  Secretary Edward
Madigan. Attending the meeting were U.S. Sens. Bob Graham and  Connie Mack and
Gov. Lawton Chiles. Madigan told the Floridians that farmers  will not have to
wait months or even years for disaster assistance checks.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              152 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Cyprus Mail

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday

Authorities 'turned a blind eye to 20 tonnes of Turkish tomatoes'

LENGTH: 387 words


Author:
Patrick Dewhurst

DISY deputy Kyriakos Hadjiyiannis yesterday claimed 20 tonnes of Turkish
tomatoes were smuggled unnoticed through the Pergamos crossing point.

According to Hadjiyiannis, who is also chairman of a farmers' union, the
tomatoes were immediately distributed throughout the island's markets and
supermarkets, where they were relabelled and sold as Cypriot produce for as
little as EUR1 per kilo.

The influx followed a sharp increase in the cost of locally produced tomatoes,
to EUR3.50 per kilo in some stores last week, after a blight wiped out 80 per
cent of the tomato crop last month.

According to media reports, the price of tomatoes could fall to as little as
EUR0.60 per kilo as Greek Cypriot farmers are expected to soon have a
disease-free crop back on the market.

Hadjiyiannis said yesterday that the shipment he says was from Turkey was
illegal for two reasons "Firstly, it was a transport of goods from outside of
the EU, through the Turkish occupied area and into the EU market. Secondly, they
managed to sell the tomatoes with Cypriot labels on them. They were in every
supermarket."

The import and sale of unregulated produce is against EU law, since it dodges
any import tariffs, health requirements and taxes. Under the EU-brokered Green
Line regulation goods originating from the north can be brought south if
certified by the Chambers of Commerce on both sides.

Hadjiyiannis said that there was a lack of control at the Pergamos crossing, and
limited police presence. "We know who is transporting the tomatoes through but
this is not the point. The point is to stop tomatoes coming in," he said.

He said Greek Cypriot farmers were angry "because they are required to produce
tomatoes in strict hygienic conditions and in line with European conditions,
while the Turkish tomatoes are not."

In response to the influx Hadjiyiannis has drafted a bill for parliament to
ensure that tomatoes are correctly labelled.

But with parliament in recess for the summer, it is unlikely that the draft
legislation will be implemented before September. In the mean time, Hadjiyiannis
called on the relevant authorities to investigate the matter further. "We are
waiting for police to investigate this. National authorities, such as the
agriculture ministry, sanitation departments and customs are also responsible."

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 70


               Copyright 2010 Cyprus Mail - Cyprus Mail Co. Ltd.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Pretoria News (South Africa)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

SA to give aid to stricken Sahel countries

BYLINE:  Peter Fabricius  Foreign Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 407 words


SOUTH Africa is providing major humanitarian assistance to four countries of the
Sahel region in north Africa that have been struck by drought, famine, terrorism
and a huge influx of people from the war in Libya.

SA is to give "impressive" amounts of food and agricultural supplies to Niger,
Mali, Chad and Mauritania as well as an undisclosed sum of money.

The Minister of International Relations and Co-operation, Maite
Nkoana-Mashabane, announced the aid package after attending an AU Peace and
Security Council meeting, called in response to the Sahel humanitarian crisis,
in Bamako, Mali on Tuesday.

She said the council had expressed deep concern about the crisis that faced
several Sahel countries because of environmental degradation, climate change and
food insecurity.

These problems had been aggravated by the crisis in Libya, the influx of
internally displaced persons and the increase in transnational organised crime,
terrorism activities and the proliferation of weapons.

The council had called for a more comprehensive and better-co-|ordinated
approach by Africa in helping Sahel countries to tackle the crisis.

Nkoana-Mashabane said that SA would, as a matter of urgency, send Niger aid,
including 877 tons of fertiliser, 11 000 tons of animal feed, nine million
vaccine doses for livestock,103 500 tons of grain, and nutrition for 22 000
children and pregnant women.

The Mali government had asked for 45 886 tons of sorghum and millet, 35 000 tons
of rice, 14 500 tons of animal feed, and other supplies.

Nkoana-Mashabane added that the SA government was discussing the needs of Chad
and Mauritania with their governments.

The minister told the meeting that SA had also undertaken to contribute to
efforts to help the Sahel by international donors, including|the World Food
Programme, the|UN Food and Agriculture Organisation, and SA's Gift of the Givers
charity.

SA had also agreed to give money directly to the four governments, "with a
suggestion that the funds be pooled with inputs from other donor sources
relating to the emergency plan".

Nkoana-Mashabane did not specify the amounts of money that SA would give.

Imtiaz Sooliman, head of Gift of the Givers, said yesterday: "If you examine
what SA has committed itself to in terms of the items, the tonnage and the value
attached to that tonnage and those items, add the logistics and transport
cost,|it's really an impressive, relevant, appropriate intervention and
contribution."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PN


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                            February 15, 2013 Friday

Rural land prices hit new high

BYLINE: Phillip Inmanguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 419 words

ABSTRACT

Cost of farmland increased 2% to £6,783 an acre as commercial farmers expand
production of cereals to take advantage of rising prices

FULL TEXT

The constant rain and lack of sunshine that damaged crop harvests last year have
failed to dampen rural land prices, which reached record levels in 2012,
according to a report by the chartered surveyors body RICS.

The cost of farmland increased 2% in the second half of 2012 to £6,783 an acre
while farmland with one or more homes on it increased by the same percentage to
£8,520.

RICS said prices were driven primarily by the demand from commercial farmers
"who remain keen to expand production given high agricultural commodity prices
in many sectors", despite a poor harvest in 2012.

Land prices have risen sharply since 2009, when a commodity price shock sent
wheat and barley prices spiralling. Cereals have remained highly prized on world
markets and remain the driving force of the demand for rural farmland, said
RICS.

"Price increases are being driven predominately by commercial farmers, who
remain keen to expand production given high agricultural commodity prices in
many sectors," it said.

Prime agricultural land has grown strongly while less fertile land has been left
behind. Part of the reason is the collapse in sheep and lamb prices, which have
fallen following an influx of cheap imports from Australia and New Zealand. Many
sheep farmers have been forced to sell up at distressed prices.

According to the latest figures from the Department for Environment, Food and
Rural Affairs, cereal prices increased by 38% in 2012. By contrast, sheep and
lamb prices have fallen 28% since November 2011.

But an influx of foreign and City investors, keen to safeguard their money
during a period of economic turmoil, have also pushed up prices after a period
when many quit the UK land market.

A recent report by the estate agents Savills forecast that prices will grow 40%
over the next five years on average, a trend that will mirror the rise in prime
residential land in central London, it said. The highest rises were in the east
of the country and the south west. East Anglia topped the price charts at £8,074
an acre.

Germans remain one of the biggest foreign investors alongside Irish and Greek
investors.

Savills said another reason for the jump in values was the lack of land coming
to market, reducing the supply at a time of bouyant demand.

It said 134,000 acres of land was marketed across Britain in 2012 compared with
155,00 the year before, a 14% decline.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              155 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

Food basket program sees influx of requests

BYLINE: Sarah Hofius Hall, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 573 words


Nov. 13--Each day since Nov. 3, the line of people waiting to register for
Thanksgiving food baskets at United Neighborhood Centers of Northeastern
Pennsylvania has grown.

The causes are many, but the reason is one -- to provide their families with a
traditional Thanksgiving meal.

About 1,000 people have already requested dinner fixings through the
Feed-A-Friend Food Basket program -- 300 more than this time last year. Total
requests are expected to increase to more than 2,000 -- 30 to 50 percent more
than in 2007 -- by the registration deadline.

And this time, there may not be enough turkeys to go around.

"I've never seen this amount of people come through our doors," said Michael
Hanley, executive director of UNC. "Right now our donations are coming, but not
nearly enough to be able to fill this gap. We're very concerned."

The baskets, filled with staples like turkey, sweet potatoes, stuffing and
pumpkin pie fixings, have been distributed by UNC for 29 years.

Funding for the baskets is paid for entirely by community donations. Last year
the program cost about $22,000. It's likely that at least $30,000 will be needed
this year, Mr. Hanley said.

UNC is not surprised by the high demand for food baskets this year, given the
increased demand seen at its food panty. In the first six months of this year,
the center saw an increase of 77 percent in people seeking food assistance, from
the first six months of 2007.

In early October, the food pantry shelves were bare. Now the food is "going out
as quickly as it's coming in," said Lisa Durkin, director of community services.

The staff at UNC hears the stories of those who need help, many whom for the
first time this year are having trouble affording a turkey.

"The economy is really taking a toll on everyone," Ms. Durkin said.

Some of the people now standing in line once donated to the Feed-A-Friend
program, before economic times grew tougher. Many have recently lost their jobs
or have had their hours reduced, or have seen their mortgage rates increase, she
said.

But all cannot imagine a Thanksgiving dinner table without a turkey as the
centerpiece, Mr. Hanley said.

"It's not only a hunger thing. It's a whole psychological thing," he said.
"These families are struggling everyday. For one day for them to celebrate with
everyone else ... is very important."

Contact the writer: shofius@timesshamrock.com

Helping hands

How to donate

Monetary donations may be sent to the UNC administrative office at 425 Alder
St., Scranton, PA 18505.

Need help?

Registrations for food baskets continue until Nov. 21, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on
Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Fridays and from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on
Thursdays, at UNC's Community Service Center, 410 Olive St., Scranton.

Carbondale area residents can register at the Marian Community Hospital
auditorium on Monday from 3 to 6 p.m.

All registering families must bring proof of income to qualify and any form of
documentation of family members in the household. All families must have
children ages 18 or younger.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081113-YT-Food-basket-program-sees-influx-of-requests-1113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2008


                              156 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            December 24, 2012 Monday

Bassil draws racism charges over call to expel refugees

BYLINE: Hussein Dakroub

LENGTH: 1108 words


Energy Minister Gebran Bassil has called on the government to expel Syrian and
Palestinian refugees who have flooded into Lebanon to flee the fighting in
Syria.

BEIRUT: Energy Minister Gebran Bassil has called on the government to expel
Syrian and Palestinian refugees who have flooded into Lebanon to flee the
fighting in Syria, a stance that quickly drew fire from a Cabinet member and a
Future bloc MP.

The growing refugee crisis in Lebanon threatens a split within the Cabinet as it
grapples with the rising influx of displaced people from the neighboring
country.

Social Affairs Minister Wael Abu Faour said the issue of Syrian refugees was
imposed on Lebanon and there was no reason to seek "revenge or racism" against
the Syrian or Palestinian people.

Future MP Oqab Saqr accused Bassil and his father-in-law, Free Patriotic
Movement leader MP Michel Aoun, of making statements aimed at appeasing the
Christians ahead of the 2013 parliamentary elections.

Bassil warned that the influx of Syrian and Palestinian refugees into Lebanon -
which already had a large Syrian and Palestinian population even before the
outbreak of the popular uprising in Syria - would compete with the Lebanese in
their livelihood.

"When we say we do not want Syrian and Palestinian refugees to take our place,
this matter should be implemented in deeds and not in words. With their
presence, work and earning their living, they [refugees] are taking the place of
the Lebanese," Bassil said in a speech Saturday at a ceremony launching the
Lebanese Wine Day to be organized in France on May 16, 2013. He was acting on
behalf of Agriculture Minister Hussein Hajj Hasan.

"How can the Syrian curriculum be taught in some schools in Lebanon? Where are
our sovereignty and dignity in this matter?" Bassil said, adding: "Is there any
country in the world that teaches the curriculum of another country on its
territory? Isn't it enough for us the Palestinians [who are already] in Lebanon,
for the rest of [Palestinian] camps to come to Lebanon too?"Of the more than
160,000 Syrian refugees registered with the U.N. refugee agency, there are
currently over 32,000 Syrian students enrolled in Lebanese schools, the
government said. In addition to an increased load on the school systems, refugee
populations are taking a heavy toll on host communities that are running out of
resources.

"We call on the Lebanese government, in which we are represented - and we demand
a special [Cabinet] session on this issue - to seriously discuss the expulsion
of the refugees," Bassil said. He added that Turkey, Jordan, Iraq and Syrian
territory under the control of Syrian rebels and the opposition can accommodate
the refugees from Syria.

The Cabinet will hold a special session Thursday to grapple with the rising flow
of refugees coming from strife-torn Syria into Lebanon. The Lebanese government
has launched an international appeal for nearly $180 million to help it deal
with the massive numbers of Syrians in the country.

Nearly 3,000 Syrian and Palestinian refugees arrived in Lebanon last week
following the bombardment of the Palestinian refugee camp of Yarmouk near
Damascus. Adding to the plight of refugees, 38 cases of tuberculosis have been
discovered among Syrian refugees, raising fears of the spread of diseases.

In his speech, Bassil, who last week called for closing the border with Syria in
order to halt the flow of refugees, said his stance was not "a racist one at
all, but stemmed from a national thinking of which we are proud."

"We did not say we want to close our border [with Syria]. But the border is to
export through it goods to the outside [world] and to protect ourselves and our
country, Lebanon, against anything bad," he said.

"Therefore, we must distinguish between the refugee convoys when Lebanon is no
longer able to accommodate [refugees] and a trade and industrial convoy. We have
called for a halt to receiving people whom we are unable to accommodate. This is
what Turkey, Jordan and Iraq have done when they stopped the flow of refugees,"
Bassil added.

In what appeared to be a response to Bassil's remarks, Abu Faour rejected what
he called "racist" practices against the Syrian and Palestinian people.

"The subject of Syrian refugees in Lebanon has imposed itself on all the
Lebanese. The matter is not a choice of any of the Lebanese or political
parties. There is no reason to seek revenge or racism against the Syrian or
Palestinian people who were forced to come to Lebanon," Abu Faour told reporters
after a tour in the district of Rashaya.

Abu Faour, who belongs to MP Walid Jumblatt's parliamentary bloc, said Prime
Minister Najib Mikati had received assurances from the United Nations, the
European Union and more than one Arab state that Lebanon would get assistance to
help it cope with the refugee issue.

Abu Faour met Saturday with German Economic Cooperation and Development Minister
Drik Niebel, who told him Germany had decided to give $14.5 million to U.N.
agencies to help the Lebanese state in dealing with refugees.

Speaking at a news conference Sunday, Niebel said Germany would donate $6.1
million to the U.N. Children's Fund to meet emergency needs of thousands of
Syrian children who fled with their families to Lebanon, the state-run National
News Agency reported.

Saqr slammed Bassil for his call to expel the Syrian and Palestinian refugees
from Lebanon: "For days, we have been hearing statements and speeches by some
Lebanese politicians, on top of them Michel Aoun, who have been repeating an
outdated individual language, part of the fading racist history, in order to
insult and slander the Syrian refugees."

He scoffed at Bassil's criticism of teaching the Syrian curriculum in Lebanese
schools, reminding the energy minister that he himself had graduated in Lebanon
from an American university.

"The foreign - American and Iranian - curriculum, universities and schools are
competing with their Lebanese counterparts. This is the case in various world
states," Saqr said. "What is dangerous in this logic is that [Aoun's and
Bassil's] statements are intended to appease the Christians before the
elections."

Meanwhile, a senior Fatah official said that the flow of Palestinian refugees
into Lebanon was temporary and was linked to an improvement in the security
situation in Syria.

Speaking after meeting with Sidon MP Bahiya Hariri in Majdalyoun, east of the
southern city, Fathi Abu Ardat, representative of Fatah and PLO factions in
Lebanon, said an agreement reached in Damascus between Palestinian factions, the
Syrian government and the opposition would allow a number of Palestinian
families to return to the Yarmouk camp.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2012 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

Do proper study on foreign workers, says MTUC

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 330 words


KUALA LUMPUR: The government needs to conduct a comprehensive study on local
needs for foreign manpower and come up with a mechanism to manage the influx of
those who come in and out of this country.

Most foreign workers plying their trade in the agriculture, construction and
service sectors, as well as domestic helpers, fail to return to their countries
of origin once their tenures of service are over.

These were the views of Malaysian Trades Union Congress (MTUC) president Khalid
Atan when asked to comment on the government's move to legalise more than
500,000 illegal Indonesian workers in the country.

The decision was a result of a meeting between Home Minister Datuk Seri Dr Ahmad
Zahid Hamidi and Indonesian Manpower and Transmigration Minister Muhaimin
Iskandar in Putrajaya.

"The influx of foreign workers is huge and they work in almost all sectors. Till
today, there is no specific data or study conducted by government or its
agencies to see how many of them are here, how many have left, how many have
overstayed and how many we actually need."

He added there was an urgent need to have a comprehensive study to ensure the
government did not over-employ foreign workers and put a stop to the presence of
illegal workers.

Khalid said MTUC was concerned with the influx of foreign workers as it
jeopardised the chances of locals obtaining a job.

"I can't deny that we need them, but there must be a control to this. Our locals
are getting unemployed as a result of the influx."

Khalid added that by legalising illegal workers, the government was not going to
the root of the problem. He said the problem lay with the agents who abused the
law by bringing in foreign workers.

"Some are even smuggled in. We need to put a stop to this. I am not blaming the
government, but those agents," adding that he felt with proper procedures,
agents bringing in illegal workers could be curbed while the government should
take charge of the process of bringing in foreign workers.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                 April 23, 2006

Business & Media: Business: Migrants boost UK's growth: Influx of workers from
eastern Europe has steadied interest rates and filled Treasury coffers,
according to Item Club report

BYLINE: Heather Stewart , Economics Correspondent

SECTION: OBSERVER BUSINESS PAGES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 606 words


EASTERN EUROPEAN migrants have brought powerful benefits to Britain's economy
since 10 new countries joined the European Union in 2004, according to research
by the Ernst & Young Item Club.

Item, which uses the Treasury's forecasting model, says interest rates are half
a percentage point lower than they would have been without the influx of
low-cost workers from the new members of the EU club. It calculates that
economic growth will be boosted by 0.2 per cent this year, and 0.4 per cent in
2007.

Britain was one of only three EU members to give citizens of the 'acces sion
countries' full rights to come and join its workforce. Peter Spencer, the author
of the Item Club report, says the 300,000 or so people who have chosen to do so
have helped to keep inflation under control, and their taxes will boost the
Treasury's coffers by £ 300m this year.

'From Poland to Slovenia, these individuals have plugged gaps in a variety of
industries, from agriculture to hospitality and catering,' says Spencer.

Government research about accession-country workers shows that in general they
are young, with few dependants, and that they are widely spread across the
country. Many of them are thought to stay in Britain for only a short time
before returning to their home country.

'Unlike previous immigration waves, which were initially confined to the east
end of London and other major conurbations, this influx has benefited a wide
swathe of regions and industries,' Spencer says. 'As a direct result, the UK
workforce has become younger, more flexible and economical, easing the pensions
burden and keeping interest rates lower than many commentators could have
predicted.'

He believes that the wave of immigration could also help to explain some of the
puzzles in the economy's recent performance: the fact that business investment
has been growing at unusually slow rates, for example. Spencer says that may be
because firms are responding to short-term bottlenecks by hiring more staff
instead of investing in new equipment.

Another apparent paradox is that unemployment has begun to increase while
employment is also rising. Spencer says that is because the migrants are
increasing the size of the workforce - and adds that higher unemployment is a
price worth paying for the other advantages the eastern European workers bring.

'Even with a modest rise in unemployment numbers, we are looking at a very
favourable cost-benefit ratio.'

Spencer also uses his quarterly snapshot of the economy to back Gordon Brown's
expectation that the economy will pick up steam from next year. Item Club
forecasts show growth accelerating to 2.6 per cent next year, and 3 per cent in
2008. The Bank of England, which cut interest rates last August to support
consumer confidence, is predicted to leave them on hold until at least the end
of the year.

'On the whole, inflation has been performing well, due to spare capacity and
competition undermining pricing power, globalisation, greater price transparency
and immigration,' Spencer says.

He added that a recent strong performance by exporters could help to make the
economy less reliant on consumer spending, the main driver of growth over the
past five years.

However, Item cast doubt on Brown's forecasts for the public finances, saying it
was 'very sceptical' about the Treasury's ability to hit the tight spending
targets it is expected to set in next year's summer spending review. 'Past
experience suggests that holding real growth in spending to just 2 per cent per
annum will be very difficult, especially given continuing uncertainty about the
performance of schools and hospitals,' the report said.


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                 April 23, 2006

Business & Media: Business: Migrants boost UK's growth: Influx of workers from
eastern Europe has steadied interest rates and filled Treasury coffers,
according to Item Club report

BYLINE: Heather Stewart , Economics Correspondent

SECTION: OBSERVER BUSINESS PAGES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 606 words


EASTERN EUROPEAN migrants have brought powerful benefits to Britain's economy
since 10 new countries joined the European Union in 2004, according to research
by the Ernst & Young Item Club.

Item, which uses the Treasury's forecasting model, says interest rates are half
a percentage point lower than they would have been without the influx of
low-cost workers from the new members of the EU club. It calculates that
economic growth will be boosted by 0.2 per cent this year, and 0.4 per cent in
2007.

Britain was one of only three EU members to give citizens of the 'acces sion
countries' full rights to come and join its workforce. Peter Spencer, the author
of the Item Club report, says the 300,000 or so people who have chosen to do so
have helped to keep inflation under control, and their taxes will boost the
Treasury's coffers by £ 300m this year.

'From Poland to Slovenia, these individuals have plugged gaps in a variety of
industries, from agriculture to hospitality and catering,' says Spencer.

Government research about accession-country workers shows that in general they
are young, with few dependants, and that they are widely spread across the
country. Many of them are thought to stay in Britain for only a short time
before returning to their home country.

'Unlike previous immigration waves, which were initially confined to the east
end of London and other major conurbations, this influx has benefited a wide
swathe of regions and industries,' Spencer says. 'As a direct result, the UK
workforce has become younger, more flexible and economical, easing the pensions
burden and keeping interest rates lower than many commentators could have
predicted.'

He believes that the wave of immigration could also help to explain some of the
puzzles in the economy's recent performance: the fact that business investment
has been growing at unusually slow rates, for example. Spencer says that may be
because firms are responding to short-term bottlenecks by hiring more staff
instead of investing in new equipment.

Another apparent paradox is that unemployment has begun to increase while
employment is also rising. Spencer says that is because the migrants are
increasing the size of the workforce - and adds that higher unemployment is a
price worth paying for the other advantages the eastern European workers bring.

'Even with a modest rise in unemployment numbers, we are looking at a very
favourable cost-benefit ratio.'

Spencer also uses his quarterly snapshot of the economy to back Gordon Brown's
expectation that the economy will pick up steam from next year. Item Club
forecasts show growth accelerating to 2.6 per cent next year, and 3 per cent in
2008. The Bank of England, which cut interest rates last August to support
consumer confidence, is predicted to leave them on hold until at least the end
of the year.

'On the whole, inflation has been performing well, due to spare capacity and
competition undermining pricing power, globalisation, greater price transparency
and immigration,' Spencer says.

He added that a recent strong performance by exporters could help to make the
economy less reliant on consumer spending, the main driver of growth over the
past five years.

However, Item cast doubt on Brown's forecasts for the public finances, saying it
was 'very sceptical' about the Treasury's ability to hit the tight spending
targets it is expected to set in next year's summer spending review. 'Past
experience suggests that holding real growth in spending to just 2 per cent per
annum will be very difficult, especially given continuing uncertainty about the
performance of schools and hospitals,' the report said.


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

We're from the Middle East ...so why don't we tan then?

BYLINE: Tony Whitfield

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 645 words


IRISH people are descended from early farmers from the Middle East and bronze
metalworkers around the Black Sea, a study has found.

By using genetic time-travel on the remains of ancient Irish people from more
than 5,000 years ago, scientists have uncovered the origins of the Irish.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology. Some argue the great transitions
in Ireland and Britain from hunter-gatherers to farming and from the stone to
metal age was due to local adoption of new ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people. But by
sequencing DNA from ancient Irish humans from different eras scientists found
unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it changed.

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads and bronze metalworking. It may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language, they say.

Geneticists from Trinity College Dublin and archaeologists from Queen's
University Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near
Belfast some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island, off
the Co. Antrim coast, from a later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze
Age after the introduction of metalworking.

The woman had ancestry that could be tracked to the Middle East, where
agriculture was invented. About a third of the men's ancestry led to the Pontic
Steppe, a huge region of flat grassland extending from the Danube estuary to the
Ural mountains. It was here that the horse was first domesticated, and chariots
developed.

Ireland has intriguing genetics and lies at the edge of many European genetic
gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose tolerance,
the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic diseases
including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage were unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

Professor of population genetics Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said:
'There was a great wave of genome change that swept into Europe from above the
Black Sea into Bronze Age Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the
shores of its most westerly island.

'And this degree of genetic change invites the possibility of other associated
changes, perhaps even the introduction of language ancestral to western Celtic
tongues.' Dr Eileen Murphy, senior lecturer in osteoarchaeology at Queen's
University Belfast said: 'It is clear that this project has demonstrated what a
powerful tool ancient DNA analysis can provide in answering questions which have
long perplexed academics regarding the origins of the Irish.' The early farmer
had black hair, brown eyes and more resembled southern Europeans, said the
researchers. But the genetic variants circulating in the three Bronze Age men
had the most common Irish Y chromosome type, blue eye gene types and the most
important variant for the genetic disease, haemochromatosis.

The latter C282Y mutation is so frequent in people of Irish descent that it is
sometimes referred to as a Celtic disease.

This discovery therefore marks the first identification of an important disease
variant in prehistory.

PhD researcher in genetics at Trinity Lara Cassidy added: 'Genetic affinity is
strongest between the Bronze Age genomes and modern Irish, Scottish and Welsh,
suggesting establishment of central attributes of the insular Celtic genome some
4,000 years ago.'

The study was published in the journal Proceedings Of The National Academy Of
Sciences.

Comment - Page 12 news@dailymail.ie

'Our origins have baffled scientists'

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Petrolia Topic

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Northern Ontario transforming itself as more farms are established

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Petrolia Topic

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 545  words


Low land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons why
Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during his presentation Jan. 4 at the South West Ag Conference at Ridgetown
College.

Phillips, an agronomist with Coop Regionale de NipissingSudbury Ltee. is also a
farmer and reeve of Kerns Township in the Timiskaming District, near the Quebec
border.

Phillips said his area, known as the little clay belt, already has welldeveloped
agriculture, but a belt to the north, spread almost across Northern Ontario and
into Northwest Quebec, known as the big clay belt, is ready for development.

That's an area of about 16 million acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of Southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for between $1,000 and $1,500 per acre,
said Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting
of coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have been both
cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial funding.

"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips. Major crops
include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats. In 2015 the New Liskeard area,
where he lives, had soybean yields of about 48 bushels per acre. Minor crops
include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax, buckwheat,
white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones zero," said Phillips, but, however, they do have rock
outcroppings large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the
presence of the rock, he said the soil can run very deep. "On our own farm,
we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 C.

While Northern Ontario is more farmfriendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to Southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of Frenchspeaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Terry Phillips;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Petrolia Topic
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Sudbury Star

                            January 7, 2017 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Northern Ontario may see farming boom; Cheap land and warming climate could lead
to more activity, expert says

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Postmedia Network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 556  words


Cheaper land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons
why Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during his presentation this week at the South West Ag Conference in Ridgetown.

Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee. is also
a farmer and the reeve of Kerns Township in the Timiskaming District, near the
Quebec border.

Phillips said his area, known as the little clay belt, already has welldeveloped
agriculture, but a belt to the north, spread almost across Northern Ontario and
into northwest Quebec, known as the big clay belt, is ready for development.

That's an area of about 16 million acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for $1,000 to $1,500 per acre, said
Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting of
coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have been both
cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial funding.

"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips.

Major crops include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats.

In 2015 the New Liskeard area, where he lives, had soybean yields of about 48
bushels per acre.

Minor crops include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax,
buckwheat, white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones -zero," said Phillips, but they do have rock outcroppings
-large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the presence of the
rock, he said the soil can run very deep.

"On our own farm, we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost-free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 degrees Celsius.

While Northern Ontario is more farm-friendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of French-speaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful also because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GINO DONATO, SUDBURY STAR; Susan Collins of GeoGreen Growers in
Markstay shows off some Kale and Beans at the Greater Sudbury Market on Elgin
Street in Sudbury in this file photo. Terry Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op
Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee., says farming may expand in Northern
Ontario due to climate change.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Sudbury Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                              May 28, 2006 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Far North becoming hot property as people and dollars keep pouring in;
QUEENSLAND LIFESTYLE TROPICS

BYLINE: MICHELLE SINGER

SECTION: PROPERTY; Pg. 68

LENGTH: 1082 words


TROPICAL Far North Queensland is enjoying economic prosperity and unrivalled
population growth.

Billions of dollars are being invested in marinas, shopping centres, resorts,
residential towers and nearby islands to capitalise on high employment rates,
interstate migration and market confidence.

Among the most popular centres are Rockhampton, Cairns, Townsville, Mackay and
Yeppoon.

Rockhampton

At one stage Rockhampton had Queensland's lowest house prices. Three-bedroom
homes were selling for about $70,000 to $80,000 and for almost 10 years there
was little or no price growth.

But after the Sydney property market peaked, an influx of Sydney and Melbourne
investors started to catch on to the affordable housing and within 12 months
prices doubled, said Kas Woch Real Estate principal Kas Woch.

"At the moment our market is very strong," Mr Woch said. "Between 2004 and 2005
a lot of our property has gone very close to doubling in price and our entry
point into the market is around $170,000 so there's a lot of people who made a
lot of money from Rockhampton property."

Although demand has slowed, he believes the market hasn't peaked.

Yeppoon

This is one of Queensland's fastest growing regions, third on the list after
Gladstone and Townsville, demographer Bernard Salt says.

Many locals have sold their property, making way for an influx of southerners
keen on making the Capricorn Coast their new home.

Coldwell Banker estate agency principal Richard Vanhoff said former
holiday-makers, mostly empty nesters, had bought property and land, ready to
create their dream retirement home.

Despite helping to force housing prices up an average of 30 per cent during the
national 2003 housing boom, the growth has had a positive effect on the town in
general.

"We see a lot of empty nesters who have had their kids up here on holidays in
the past and decided to make this home," Mr Vanhoff said.

Resorts, cafes and restaurants are being developed to meet the demand created by
the new residents, who have more disposable income. As a result, houses have
increased in value, with average prices between $350,000 and $450,000.

The most expensive house on the market is a hilltop mansion occupying a
12-hectare site, with views of Great Keppel Island and an asking price of $4.2
million.

Mackay

The once vibrant city of 5000 lost its lustre around 2000, with many abandoning
it in favour of low-rise bungalows in the suburbs. The coal and sugar industries
plateaued while tourism kept the city afloat.

But the stall was short-lived. After a concentrated effort from Mackay Council,
business groups were formed and a city centre development plan put in place to

make the most of the town's location on the Pioneer River.

Chris Barrett, manager of Shaping Mackay, the group set up to facilitate the
development plan, said the scheme had attracted a number of developers.
Construction of Lanai, an 11-storey, 80-unit residential tower, is expected to
begin this year.

"A number of new buildings will go up in the next 12 months and others will
follow," Mr Barrett said.

A riverfront promenade, aquatic centre and tourist accommodation are proposed as
the influx demands appropriate amenities.

"Mackay is undergoing something of a long, extended and dramatic growth spurt,"
Mr Barrett said.

"People know Cairns very well, Townsville is bigger but people don't realise
that Mackay is almost as big as Darwin. So it gives you an idea of the potential
for the area."

Townsville

Once known just for its Defence Force training and Black Hawk helicopter base,
Townsville is now providing a home for high-flying executives and professionals.

Developers have discovered the tropical escape and capitalised on its previously
untouched harbourfront locations and hilltop sites.

Sydney's Fortia Funds Management has secured a site in Townsville's well-heeled
suburb of Castle Hill - listed as one of the state's top 10 premium areas - to
build a luxury 20-unit development, The Vue on Stanton.

The company has also launched a 111-unit development, the Dalgety, which is
aimed at owner-occupiers and will be the city's tallest building at 20 storeys.

Other developments occurring at Port Hinchinbrook, halfway between Townsville
and Cairns, have proved the area is ready for competitively priced projects.

A 20-minute ferry ride away is Magnetic Island, which also has attracted the
keen eye of developers and Sydneysiders. Freehold land in the Great Barrier Reef
Marine Park has been released along with berths in a marina.

Gordon Properties general manager of North Queensland Bob Mackay said of the 158
waterfront residences 40 per cent of buyers were from Sydney. "Boat owners have
realised that they can purchase a berth and moor their boat safely in Magnetic
Harbour for a fraction of Sydney prices," he said.

Cairns

The cranes that pepper the Cairns skyline are a true indication of the city's
progress.

Despite the disruption caused by the cyclone and wet seasons, Cairns is a
popular destination for sea changers and tree changers alike.

RE/MAX Real Estate Services business development manager Chris Lloyd, a former
Sydneysider, said activity in the city had peaked over the past three years.

"Cairns is finally catching up to the rest of the country," Mr Lloyd said.

Areas such as Palm Cove have struck a chord with Sydneysiders as they find a
home away from home within 20 minutes' drive of the airport.

*TOWNSVILLE

Population: 21,401. From Sydney: three-hour flight. Average house price:
$361,000. 2005-06 growth: 11 per cent. Industries: agriculture, defence, mineral
processing, tourism.

* CAIRNS

Population: 65,921. From Sydney: 31/4-hour flight. Average house price:
$329,000. 2005-06 growth: 8 per cent. Industries: agriculture, aviation,
education, marine, tourism.

* MAGNETIC ISLAND

Population: 3296. From Sydney: three-hour flight to Townsville, 20-minute boat
ride. Average house price: $397,000. 2005-06 growth: 3 per cent. Industries:
tourism, tropical science.

* ROCKHAMPTON

Population: 19,289. From Sydney: 31/2-hour flight. Averagehouse price: $200,000.
2005-06 growth: 29 per cent. Industries: agriculture, forestry, fishing.

* YEPPOON

Population: 14,207. From Sydney: 31/2-hour connecting flight to Rockhampton,
35-minute drive. Average house price: $362,000. 2005-06 growth: 12 per cent.
Industries: agriculture, forestry, fishing.

* MACKAY

Population: 63,377. From Sydney: 21/2-hour flight. Average house price:
$345,000. 2005-06 growth: 25 per cent. Industries: mining, agribusiness,
engineering, construction, marine, tourism.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SIX PHOTOS: ROCKHAMPTON; YEPPON; MACKAY; TOWNSVILLE; CAIRNS; MAGNETIC
ISLAND.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Sarnia Observer

                            January 5, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Warmer climate signals farm boom in north; Northern Ontario transforming itself
as more farms are established

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Postmedia Network

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 562  words


Cheaper land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons
why Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during his presentation at the South West Ag Conference in Ridgetown on
Wednesday.

Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee. is also
a farmer and the reeve of Kerns Township in the Timiskaming District, near the
Quebec border.

Phillips said his area, known as the little clay belt, already has welldeveloped
agriculture, but a belt to the north, spread almost across Northern Ontario and
into Northwest Quebec, known as the big clay belt, is ready for development.

That's an area of about 16 million acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of Southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for between $1,000 and $1,500 per acre,
said Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting
of coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have been both
cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial funding.

"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips.

Major crops include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats.

In 2015 the New Liskeard area, where he lives, had soybean yields of about 48
bushels per acre.

Minor crops include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax,
buckwheat, white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones - zero," said Phillips, but they do have rock outcroppings
- large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the presence of the
rock, he said the soil can run very deep.

"On our own farm, we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost-free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 degrees Celsius.

While Northern Ontario is more farm-friendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to Southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of Frenchspeaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful also because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.
drobinet@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2017 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Phillips;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Sarnia Observer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday

Influx of 5500 to CQ annually;
The proportion of each industry's contribution to the Queensland economy

BYLINE:  Adrian Taylor

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 281  words

KEY POINTS

 CQ population to hit 358,000 by 2031

Highways to be upgraded

Water pipeline from Rockhampton to Gladstone

New weirs planned

Ergon to spend $100 million to reinforce supply to the Capricorn Coast.

Increased pressure on housing sector due to influx of high paid resource
industry workers.

CENTRAL Queensland is predicted to attract 5500 new residents each year for the
next 20 years, the State Government revealed yesterday.

Launching the draft Queensland Regionalisation Strategy, Premier Anna Bligh said
an influx of new workers would also make the region more prosperous.

"CQ is already a powerhouse for the nation and we want to maximise its long-term
economic growth and liveability," she said.

"The population in this key industrial, resources and agricultural heartland
will continue to grow in coming decades and take pressure off the heavily
populated south-east corner."

She said the government's strategy would ease the growing pains and strengthen
prosperity as the population bloomed from 236,000 now to more than 358,000 in
2031.

The government is forecasting expansion in mining, energy production and
processing, while agriculture and tourism continued to play major roles in the
CQ's growth.

The strategic infrastructure proposals for CQ confirm a desire for a water
pipeline from Rockhampton to Gladstone and increased storages in the Lower
Fitzroy River.

Other key projects include the development of 941ha of industrial land in the
Gracemere-Stanwell industrial corridor and the establishment of trade training
centres in schools in Longreach and Rockhampton.

For more information on the draft strategy call 1800 093 903.

Community consultation runs until September 9.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Wallaceburg Courier Press

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Northern Ontario transforming itself as more farms are established

BYLINE: Don Robinet, Wallaceburg Courier Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 546  words


Low land prices and a warming climate are among the factors cited as reasons why
Northern Ontario is expected to undergo a farming boom.

"We're actually seeing a positive effect from climate change," said Terry
Phillips, who spoke about the changing picture for agriculture in the north
during his presentation Jan. 4 at the South West Ag Conference at Ridgetown
College.

Phillips, an agronomist with Co-op Regionale de Nipissing-Sudbury Ltee. is also
a farmer and reeve of Kerns Township in the Timiskaming District, near the
Quebec border.

Phillips said his area, known as the little clay belt, already has welldeveloped
agriculture, but a belt to the north, spread almost across Northern Ontario and
into Northwest Quebec, known as the big clay belt, is ready for development.

That's an area of about 16 million acres ready for development in Ontario, an
area roughly twice the size of the production area of Southern Ontario, and an
additional 13 million acres in Quebec.

The price of land is hard to beat, going for between $1,000 and $1,500 per acre,
said Phillips. Most of the land is Crown land owned by the province, consisting
of coniferous forests. Assistance available under the Northern Ontario Heritage
Fund Program sees farmers receive funding of 50 per cent, or up to $500 per acre
to help them clear and tile.

Phillips said that in the last two years alone, more than 27,000 acres have been
tiled, about 4,500 acres have been cleared and about 4,600 acres have been both
cleared and tiled, and have received about $22 million in provincial funding.

"We grow pretty much every crop you see down here," said Phillips. Major crops
include soybeans, canola, spring wheat and oats. In 2015 the New Liskeard area,
where he lives, had soybean yields of about 48 bushels per acre. Minor crops
include barley, winter wheat, corn, green and yellow peas, flax, buckwheat,
white beans, forage seed and fababeans.

"We don't have stones - zero," said Phillips, but, however, they do have rock
outcroppings - large ones that farmers simply work around. But despite the
presence of the rock, he said the soil can run very deep. "On our own farm,
we're 125 feet to bedrock."

Phillips said that as the climate warms, the area is seeing a longer growing
season, more rainfall, more frost free days and more days when the temperature
rises above 25 C.

While Northern Ontario is more farm-friendly than it used to be, Phillips
acknowledged there are still challenges, including a lack of commercial storage
facilities and higher transportation costs.

Also, the north is still socially isolated compared to Southern Ontario and
Phillips said it can be hard for a young man to live there for extended lengths
of time without a social support system.

"The social aspect of settling the north is going to be one of the biggest
challenges," said Phillips.

He said that generations ago, there was a successful influx of French-speaking
Catholics who tended to move together in small groups where individuals found a
community of support. More recently, there has been an influx of Mennonite
settlers who have also been successful because of mutual support.

Another challenge facing farmers, said Phillips, is the lack of available farm
labour. Farmers can find it difficult to find help they can afford.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Terry Phillips.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 Wallaceburg Courier Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                           September 2, 2006 Saturday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Polish move sparks fear of new rush to UK

BYLINE: By Macer Hall Political Editor

SECTION: NEWS; 16

LENGTH: 313  words


BRITAIN could face a fresh influx of eastern European immigrants because of a
border control shake up in Poland, experts warned last night.

Authorities in Warsaw are scrapping restrictions on migrant workers crossing
Polish borders from the east. This follows fears of a labour shortage in Poland
caused by so many of their own young workers heading to the UK.

But it will raise concerns about a new back-door route into European Union
countries, including the UK, from eastern Europe and Asia.

The Migrationwatch UK think-tank is already warning that a wave of immigration
into Poland could lead to a further influx into Britain.

Sir Andrew Green, of Migrationwatch, said: "If Poles find themselves facing low
wage competition in their own country, they are all the more likely to come to
Britain, where wages are four or five times more than those in Poland." Recent
figures indicate that more than 600,000 eastern Europeans, many of them Poles,
have come to the UK after their country joined the EU two years ago.

The influx has led to serious concerns about strained community relations and
the ability of Britain's transport and welfare infrastructure to cope with
soaring population levels.

But in Poland, the EU borders overhaul has had the opposite effect. The former
communist country faces a nationwide labour shortage.

Farmers have complained of a severe lack of workers to carry out seasonal tasks
because many Poles have left for better-paid jobs in Britain, Ireland and
Sweden. In response, agricultural workers from Ukraine, Belarus and Russia will
no longer need work permits to stay in Poland for up to three months.

And thousands of foreign workers already in Poland - including many from Turkey
- will not be expected to renew their permits.

Up to three million Poles are thought to have left their country since joining
the EU, leading to complaints of a "brain drain".

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WARNING: Sir Andrew

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 5, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Will Soviet Unit go hungry this winter?

BYLINE: Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 15, EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 670 words


Recent weeks have seen increasingly apocalyptic reports of approaching hunger,
if not famine, in parts of the Soviet Union. European, including East and
Central European, governments, have expressed concern about the possibility of a
large-scale influx of refugees.

The German government has decided to donate the bulk of its Berlin stockpile.
Other Western countries and institutions are preparing to do likewise.

Countries closest to the Soviet border are setting up facilities in case the
influx arrives.

In human and political terms, the desire to help the Soviet people in what is
perceived as their hour of need is both understandable and commendable.

It also makes sense to try to pre-empt, or reduce, any future uncontrolled
influx by seeking to improve living conditions in areas which can be more easily
reached from the West.

There is particular emotional satisfaction for Germans in helping relieve hunger
in cities like Leningrad, which was so sorely afflicted during the 900-day
wartime siege and bombardment.

Yet there is little evidence that large numbers of Soviet citizens are
preparing, or able, to cross the heavily guarded Soviet border in the
foreseeable future.

Once Soviet citizens are granted the right to hold western-style passports, as
expected next year, there will certainly be an increase in applications to
visit, work and emigrate to Western countries. But that is quite a different
issue.

RECORD HARVEST

It also has to be borne in mind that if parts of the Soviet Union go hungry this
winter, as seems increasingly likely, it will not be because this vast country
is incapable of producing enough food.

On the contrary, it had a record harvest of grain this year.

If Soviet citizens go hungry it will be partly because the distribution and
transport system has broken down, this being largely a symptom of suppressed
hyperinflation.

Above all, neither President Mikhail Gorbachev nor any other Soviet leader has
been able to change the fundamentals of a system which was not designed to
improve the wealth, health and happiness of the people.

The function of the command economy, was, instead, to raise the military
strength and political influence of the state.

That is no longer the overriding aim of the Soviet government. But Ivan Silyaev,
the Russian prime minister, recently announced at a meeting with 280 top defence
industry officials that in Russia, the largest of the 15 constituent republics,
''defence industries still account for 55% of all industrial production.'' The
story is similar throughout the Soviet Union.

Admittedly, an estimated 40% of production from military plants is made up of
civilian goods - from baby carriages to refrigerators.

It is also true that the Soviet Union is now committed to the wholesale
destruction of its arsenal of tanks, guns and aircraft stationed in eastern
Europe up to the Urals.

The fact remains that the Soviet people are poor because the economy was
designed to serve a miltary-industrial complex which, for more than 60 years,
has consumed the bulk of the human and material resources of this richly endowed
country. It continues to do so.

No amount of Western aid will help the Soviet people until this system is
dismantled. That requires a clear-cut victory for those ''reformers'' battling a
military-industrial complex determined to retain its privileged access to
resources.

Another fundamental reason for the Soviet Union's abiding poverty is the murder,
under Stalin, of millions of its best farmers. He deliberately destroyed the
''sturdy yeoman farmer'' class created by Piotr Stolypin, pre-revolutionary
Russia's great reforming prime minister.

Soviet agriculture has never recovered from the destruction of peasant culture
and re-introduction of serfdom in the shape of the collective farm.

It will not recover until the grip of the collective farm and agricultural
establishment is broken and full rights to land ownership restored.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              169 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Thailand's illegals are a mixed blessing

                                 July 30, 1996


Widespread concern that new guidelines will lead to an uncontrollable influx,
says report

News Analysis

NEW government guidelines allowing illegal immigrants to work in Thailand have
raised concerns that the country's poor law enforcement may lead to an
uncontrollable influx of illegals.

The government has decided to give the right to work only to about 700,000
illegal immigrants who had already found employment prior to their arrest. The
foreign workers would be repatriated to their home countries after two years.

But the Bangkok Post says questions remain over whether the authorities can stop
the number from swelling, given the country's notoriously poor law-enforcement
record and collusion between corrupt officials and the gangs who smuggle illegal
immigrants into the country.

The government has cited national security as the major reason for implementing
the policy, reasoning that it would be able to keep records of illegal
immigrants which, in turn, would make checks and controls easier.

It also says the policy will help solve the shortage of unskilled labour in five
sectors -construction, fishing, agriculture, transportation and industry.

Employers will have three months to register foreign labourers, starting in
September. Illegal immigrants who do not have jobs will be deported.

But the Post said there is widespread concern that the policy may lead to a
massive influx of illegal immigrants into Thailand in search of employment.

A shortage of immigration officers and collaboration between unscrupulous
officials and human traffickers have long opened "big holes" in Thailand's
"border fences", making it difficult to stem the influx of illegal workers.

The newspaper quoted Mr Uthai Sirisuksamphan, a businessman who owns rubber
plantations and construction firms in Phuket, as admitting that employers had to
pay officials to turn a blind eye when they hired illegal immigrants.

Employers, he said, had to pay officials between 350 and 500 baht (S$ 18 and S$
25) to 500 baht for each illegal worker.

The workers themselves also become victims of extortion. Local officials often
seize most of their wages and sometimes share it with their employers, Mr Uthai
said.

In the northernmost district of Mae Sai, bordering Myanmar, immigration police
superintendent Chaisri Pongpat insisted that no gangs smuggling illegal
immigrants were operating in the areas under his jurisdiction.

But the paper said it was no secret that for about 5,000 kyats a Myanmar broker
would take anyone wanting to enter Thailand to the border, from where he or she
had to pay another 3,500 baht to smugglers to be taken to Bangkok.

In Tak, also bordering Myanmar, about 100 Myanmar nationals are said to cross
the Moei River into Tak illegally every day.

In July alone, more than 1,000 illegals were smuggled to Bangkok and other
provinces where they could work legally, according to an immigration officer in
Tak.

Other illegals from Myanmar may walk through jungles or journey by car.
Miraculously, they pass through all the police checkpoints until finally they
arrive safely at their destinations.

The government's own manpower shortage is a problem. Tak only has 25 immigration
officers who have to operate in five border districts -- Mae Sot, Mae Ramat, Tha
Song Yang, Phop Phra and Umphang.

The officer said the government should allow foreign workers to be hired in only
10 provinces where the ban was lifted previously and permit fishing business in
these places to employ them.

Labour-intensive industrial plants should also be relocated from Bangkok to
these 10 provinces.

The officer said raising the number of provinces that are allowed to hire
illegal immigrants to 43 would do the country more harm than good because it
would only make it more difficult to keep the alien workers under control.

Smuggling aliens in from Cambodia is also a lucrative business. A 24-year-old
Cambodian man said he had paid a smuggling gang 3,000 baht and given an
additional 200 baht to a broker to be taken by pick-up truck from Poipet to work
in Bangkok.


SECTION: South-East Asia; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1027 words

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1996 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              170 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Famine victims in need of food aid has grown by a million

BYLINE: Mike Pflanz

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 436 words


THE number of Somalis needing urgent food aid has grown by one million people
and children are worst affected, the UN's children's charity said yesterday.

The new data came light as senior offi-cials from the G20 nations met in Rome,
where Bruno le Maire, France's agriculture minister, said the famine would
become "the scandal of the century" if action was not taken.

Almost 800,000 children in Somalia are now "acutely malnourished" and in need of
special feeding - an increase of 40 per cent. 82 per cent of them are in the
country's south, which is largely cut off from aid deliveries.

The number of people needing help has increased by one million since January,
and is 85 per cent higher than at the same time last year, Unicef said.

Afshan Khan, a Unicef director, told the Rome conference that the response to
the current crisis must be "flexible".

"We must apply a range of modalities in different circumstances and adapting our
response to local conditions and needs," he said.

Unicef is one of the few agencies able to bring supplies into Islamist-held
areas of southern Somalia, and Mr Khan's statement was seen as an indication
that arrangements were on the table to increase such deliveries.

No new aid pledges came from the meeting, held by the United Nation's Food and
Agriculture Organisation. Politicians welcomed an announcement of a £310 million
donation in fresh World Bank funds.

Promises of help to safeguard the future were welcome but too late, said Barbara
Stocking, the head of Oxfam. "This meeting was a first step," she said. "But the
fact that we are here again, three years after the world said never again to
famine, shows that strong action is required as well as strong words.

Andrew Mitchell, the International Development Secretary, said: "The world must
stop wringing its hands and get on with helping the millions of people in dire
need in the Horn of Africa."

A meeting will be held in Nairobi, Kenya's capital, tomorrow, when fresh
promises are expected to fund programmes to save up to 11.5million people in the
Horn of Africa.

Among the worst affected is Mogadishu, Somalia's wrecked capital, which is
struggling with an influx of more than 1,000 people a day. They are camping
between bombed-out buildings, in the few areas controlled by the government.

But there are concerns that an expected military push against al-Shabaab, the
pro-al-Qaeda Islamists ruling the rest of the city, could trigger a second
crisis. Sources confirmed a fresh offensive next month that is aimed at
wrenching back control of the city from the insurgency.

Additional reporting by Abukar Albadri in Mogadishu.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leaders will meet tomorrow in Kenya, which has had an influx of
thousands of Somali refugees, left

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sunday Herald

                                January 21, 2007

Largest increase in economic migrants in a decade as 40,000 register for work;
IMMIGRATION: EMPLOYMENT;
New National Insurance statistics reveal 15,000 rise following EU accession

BYLINE: By Ken Symon

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 752 words



HIGHLIGHT: The arrival of European migrants, particularly from Poland, has
prompted the growth of specialist retailers Photograph: Toby Melville


THE number of migrant workers registered for work in Scotland has risen
dramatically in the past two years, with more than three-quarters of the
increase coming from the European accession countries.

An analysis by labour research consultancy Slims shows that there were more than
40,000 migrant workers registered for National Insurance, a rise from 15,000 two
years earlier.

The figures do not include those working in the "black economy" who have not
registered to pay National Insurance, but they do include students at Scottish
universities and colleges.

Once they have registered for work, migrant workers can move on to other parts
of the UK or outside the UK so the registration numbers are only a snapshot of
what is happening in the labour market.

The influx of new workers and their families has helped to reverse Scotland's
population decline; 2004 and 2005 saw the first substantial increase in the
country's total population for many years. But Slims, an independent consultancy
funded largely by public sector bodies, warns that the 2004 level of immigration
is not sustainable in the longer term.

The report concludes: "In other words, the economy is unlikely to be able to
create enough jobs to employ both the new arrivals as well as the existing
population if immigration were to be maintained at 2004 levels for a decade or
so." Nigel Guy, the manager of Slims, said: "The number of migrant workers will
mean problems for specific sectors in particular areas such as the hospitality
industry. It means that some indigenous workers may not be able to get into the
jobs market. These are issues which policymakers may have to address. But over
the longer term it's good for industry overall, and overall I'm sure it's good
for the economy." However, the research shows that, contrary to some
suggestions, Scotland actually has a smaller proportion of new migrants than the
UK as a whole. Just 6-per cent of National Insurance registrations have been in
Scotland, whereas the country represents 8.25-per cent of the UK's total
population.

The Slims report says: "It is little more than two years since the expansion of
the EU produced the most rapid influx of migrant workers seen in the UK for many
decades. From January 2007 the EU grew yet again with the accession of Romania
and Bulgaria." The Slims report says it is hard to draw longer-term conclusions
on the effect of migrant workers on the Scottish economy, but it suggests: "A
gradual decline in the level of immigration from the A8 countries [the eight
eastern European nations that joined the EU in 2004] is perhaps the most likely
scenario over the next few years. But it may be that the number of newcomers to
the job market in Scotland stabilises at a higher level than it was before
2004." The figures show that the migrant workers are unevenly spread across the
country: the biggest numbers of National Insurance (NI) registrations are in
Glasgow and Edinburgh; while per head of population the biggest proportion is in
Aberdeen and the Highlands. Despite some perceptions, Glasgow has attracted
little more than the average for the rest of the country.

But while migrant workers from the eight accession countries are more evenly
spread, NI registrants from the rest of the world are predominantly found in
Scotland's four major cities.

The report says: "The total number of NI registrations as a proportion of the
workforce is small. Arrivals from anywhere outside the UK has amounted to 1-per
cent of the workforce in each of the past two years. A8 arrivals have accounted
for less than half of this total.

"However, since immigrants are unevenly spread across the occupations, they have
a much more substantial impact on some sectors of the economy, such as
hospitality and agriculture." Almost half of the migrant workers from the eight
accession countries work in agriculture and hospitality. The report shows that
one in eight takes jobs in food-processing, while a further 15-per cent work in
what the report describes as administration and business services, mainly
recruitment agencies.

NEED TO KNOW

THE FACTS The number of overseas migrant registered for National Insurance in
Scotland has risen a by more than two-and-a half times in the past two years.

BACKGROUND This growth has been sparked largely by the entry to the European
Union of eight accession countries, with Poland being the biggest supplier of
migrant workers.

NEED TO KNOW MORE?

www. slims. org. uk For more information on the labour consultancy's latest
research.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNHER


                      Copyright 2007 Newsquest Media Group
                              All rights reserved


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                            October 16, 2009 Friday

FTA with EU to benefit consumers

BYLINE: Yoo Soh-jung

LENGTH: 867 words


The landmark free-trade agreement between Korea and the European Union only
means a wider and more affordable range of goods for consumers here to be felt
immediately and more comprehensively at least in five years, experts said
yesterday.

"Koreans will have access to a diverse and rich range of European goods at a
lower cost, and one commodity they can look forward to is the immediate tariff
removal on premium European wine," Suh Jin-kyo, an economist at the Korea
Institute for International Economic Policy, told The Korea Herald.

The average 15 percent tariff removal would make European wine more competitive
compared to its New World rivals like those from Australia, New Zealand and
Chile, especially since European wines with tradition are costlier.

Experts said Korean industries can look forward to wider trade with the world's
largest trading bloc and Korea's second-largest export market after China. As of
2008, Asia's fourth-largest economy posted a $23 billion trade surplus with the
European Union. Bilateral trade between Korea and the European Union reached
$98.4 billion last year. Korea shipped $54 billion worth of goods, while it
received $40 billion of goods from the European Union.

"An FTA with a giant economic bloc like the European Union is good for expanding
trade and our economy," Suh said, underscoring that it would be a chance for
Korea to upgrade lifestyle choices with high-quality European products and
services, such as in the fields of finance and law.

The "complementary" nature of the accord is expected to boost the exchange of
automobiles, consumer electronics items and textile goods. However, experts warn
of Korea's weakness in raw materials, chemicals and machinery, sectors in which
the European Union has a competitive edge. For the European Union, the FTA is
more important for securing a foothold in East Asia and establishing a
springboard to reach out to big regional markets like China and Japan.

Ratification of the FTA, which both sides initialed yesterday, would result in
eliminating or phasing out tariffs on 99.4 percent of the EU's goods shipped to
Korea and 95.8 percent of Korean goods exported to the European trade bloc all
within a three-year period. Immediate tariff removal would make up 76.7 percent
for the European Union and 69.4 percent for Korea. All tariffs in the industrial
products sector would be removed within seven years, with a small remaining
portion concerning the sensitive agriculture and fisheries sector for Korea
extending up to 15 years.

But compared with the United States, the EU agriculture sector is less
competitive, and therefore, less threatening to Korean farmers. The major food
items sensitive to the agriculture market here, and that are expected to flood
into the home market are three-layered pork, dairy products and chicken.

Suh noted that Korea's beef market is important for the United States, while
Korea's frozen pork market is more important for the European market.

He said frozen pork from EU states, namely the Netherlands and Denmark, accounts
for at least 80 percent of Korea's frozen pork market, particularly for the
belly pork, or "samgyupsal."

Seoul and Brussels began negotiations in May 2007 and concluded the talks in
July of this year.

The Ministry of Strategy and Finance here yesterday said the FTA would help
lower costs of basic necessities, widen consumer choices and raise the quality
of people's living standards. It highlighted that Korean households would be
able to feel an impact with foods and the manufacturing sector, especially with
automobiles, electronics goods and textiles. Korean car exporters will enjoy
removal of the 10 percent within a five-year period, while EU carmakers will see
an eight percent removal within the same period.

Seoul's Finance Ministry underlined the wider selection range, bigger market
size and higher tariff rates of the European Union compared to that of the
United States. Seoul and Washington had sealed an FTA deal in 2007 but it still
needs to be ratified by both sides.

Seoul policymakers believe the conviction to enforce the FTA as soon as possible
by both Korea and the European Union would only make the United States more
anxious and eager to ratify its bilateral trade accord with Korea.

Once the FTA with the European Union takes effect, the Korean market can expect
an influx of European cars between three and five years, an immediate influx of
wine, a surge of whisky products within three years and cosmetics between three
and five years. The 36 to 176 percent tariff rate for EU dairy products,
however, will be phased out over 10 years, while the 36 percent tariff on cheese
will be removed within 15 years.

Ratification of the accord is expected to expand Korea's exports by $11 billion
and gross domestic product by 3.08 percent, according to a forecast by the Korea
Institute for International Economic Policy.

For the European Union, an FTA with Korea would trigger a "trade diversion"
within the 27-member European economic bloc, which actively trades among
themselves. So-called trade diversion refers to trade being diverted from a more
efficient exporter toward a less efficient one through an FTA.

(sohjung@heraldm.com)

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday

Unwanted horses up, owners say

BYLINE: BRIAN DUGGAN, Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 894 words


As North Dakota officials prepare to look into the possibility of opening a
horse slaughterhouse in the state, horse owners polled in a recent nationwide
survey say the number of unwanted horses is increasing.

The survey, released on July 9 by the Unwanted Horse Coalition, polled more than
20,000 horse owners and about 2,200 rescuers and veterinarians with 87 percent
of them saying unwanted horses have become a "big problem." Three years ago it
was 22 percent.

The survey also found that 63 percent of horse rescue and retirement facilities
are filled to capacity, with 38 percent of them turning away horses.

Why the influx? Amid the deepest recession since World War II, 81 percent of
respondents said people could no longer afford their horses, which can carry an
average annual price tag of $2,300.

The survey also found that 61 percent of horse owners say the closure of the
only horse slaughterhouses in the United States is contributing to the perceived
influx of unwanted horses.

Meanwhile, the North Dakota Legislature approved a $50,000 study this year for
the Department of Commerce to test the waters for a potential horse
slaughterhouse in the state.

Shane Goettle, the commissioner of the North Dakota commerce department, said a
search has begun to find someone to review federal laws that would dictate
whether or not the state could house an equine processing plant. He added an
advisory committee is also likely to be assembled in the near future.

But the fate of a potential horse slaughterhouse in North Dakota hinges on two
bills currently in congressional committees, both establishing criminal
penalties - up to three years in prison - for anyone who knowingly transports a
horse for slaughter to be used for human consumption.

"First step that we're focused on is identifying a legal adviser or counselor on
this," Goettle said. "First threshold of it is: what's the legal lay of the
land? If it looks like the federal requirements are so stiff that it might not
be reasonable to do, then the study would end there."

No direct bans on horse slaughter exist in the United States, but federal
regulators are barred from inspecting horse processing plants, said a
spokeswoman with the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

That means if North Dakota did open a horse slaughterhouse, it would be
scrutinized by state inspectors and not federal inspectors, confining the meat
to distribution within North Dakota.

In 2007, those horse processing plants, located in Texas and Illinois, were
closed when Congress voted to nix federal inspections for the slaughterhouses.
About 105,000 horses were slaughtered at the plants in 2006, according to the
Congressional Research Service.

Then the recession hit.

"I think this is sort of a perfect storm, we had processing plants close and
then the economy took a turn for the worse and there's always a glut of unwanted
horses when that happens," said Tom Lenz, chairman of the Unwanted Horse
Coalition.

Lenz, who said the coalition has taken no position on horse slaughter in the
United States, said the processing plant closures have led to horses being
transported across the U.S. borders with Mexico and Canada, where they still
slaughter the animals for human consumption in Europe and Asia.

In 2008, 107,000 horses were shuttled to the bordering countries for slaughter,
Lenz said.

Allison Smith, director of the Triple-H Miniature Horse Rescue in Mandan, said
it is possible there has been an influx of unwanted horses around the country,
but in North Dakota she has not seen a noticeable change.

"It's hearsay and people eat it up, we couldn't find any solid evidence of
horses in North Dakota being abandoned," Smith said, who testified this winter
against the horse slaughterhouse study.

"My phone is not ringing off the hook from people who can't take care of their
horses," she said. "If this problem is there, I'm unaware of it."

Gerald Kitto, a veterinarian in McClusky, said he's noticed an increase in
abandoned horses, some dying of starvation.

"Slaughter would have been much more humane," he said, noting one recent case
where a horse had lost the ability to walk after going without food for days in
the middle of winter.

"Number of hours he had laid there, too nutritiously compromised, and couldn't
stand anymore," said Kitto, who testified this winter in favor of the horse
slaughterhouse study.

Kitto said it's better to give horse owners one more option to dispose of an
unwanted animal instead of abandoning it to save on the costs of euthanasia and
carcass disposal, which can cost about $200 to $500.

"I don't see any difference," Kitto said of processing and euthanizing unwanted
horses. "They're getting euthanized at a facility or they're getting euthanized
on someone's property, the only difference is we're getting some use out of
them."

Lenz said the issue over horse slaughter has become an emotional one for many,
accentuating cultural differences between horse owners who see their animal as a
pet and others who view equine as livestock.

"A horse is much better off being euthanized than being neglected," Lenz said.
"Whether a horse lives to be 2 years old or 30 years old, it doesn't make much
difference to a horse. They don't look forward to weddings or graduations. They
look forward to being fed in the morning."

(Reach reporter Brian Duggan at 223-8482 or brian.duggan@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 25, 2009 Saturday

Unwanted horses up, owners say

BYLINE: BRIANDUGGAN, Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 894 words


As North Dakota officials prepare to look into the possibility of opening a
horse slaughterhouse in the state, horse owners polled in a recent nationwide
survey say the number of unwanted horses is increasing.

The survey, released on July 9 by the Unwanted Horse Coalition, polled more than
20,000 horse owners and about 2,200 rescuers and veterinarians with 87 percent
of them saying unwanted horses have become a "big problem." Three years ago it
was 22 percent.

The survey also found that 63 percent of horse rescue and retirement facilities
are filled to capacity, with 38 percent of them turning away horses.

Why the influx? Amid the deepest recession since World War II, 81 percent of
respondents said people could no longer afford their horses, which can carry an
average annual price tag of $2,300.

The survey also found that 61 percent of horse owners say the closure of the
only horse slaughterhouses in the United States is contributing to the perceived
influx of unwanted horses.

Meanwhile, the North Dakota Legislature approved a $50,000 study this year for
the Department of Commerce to test the waters for a potential horse
slaughterhouse in the state.

Shane Goettle, the commissioner of the North Dakota commerce department, said a
search has begun to find someone to review federal laws that would dictate
whether or not the state could house an equine processing plant. He added an
advisory committee is also likely to be assembled in the near future.

But the fate of a potential horse slaughterhouse in North Dakota hinges on two
bills currently in congressional committees, both establishing criminal
penalties - up to three years in prison - for anyone who knowingly transports a
horse for slaughter to be used for human consumption.

"First step that we're focused on is identifying a legal adviser or counselor on
this," Goettle said. "First threshold of it is: what's the legal lay of the
land? If it looks like the federal requirements are so stiff that it might not
be reasonable to do, then the study would end there."

No direct bans on horse slaughter exist in the United States, but federal
regulators are barred from inspecting horse processing plants, said a
spokeswoman with the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

That means if North Dakota did open a horse slaughterhouse, it would be
scrutinized by state inspectors and not federal inspectors, confining the meat
to distribution within North Dakota.

In 2007, those horse processing plants, located in Texas and Illinois, were
closed when Congress voted to nix federal inspections for the slaughterhouses.
About 105,000 horses were slaughtered at the plants in 2006, according to the
Congressional Research Service.

Then the recession hit.

"I think this is sort of a perfect storm, we had processing plants close and
then the economy took a turn for the worse and there's always a glut of unwanted
horses when that happens," said Tom Lenz, chairman of the Unwanted Horse
Coalition.

Lenz, who said the coalition has taken no position on horse slaughter in the
United States, said the processing plant closures have led to horses being
transported across the U.S. borders with Mexico and Canada, where they still
slaughter the animals for human consumption in Europe and Asia.

In 2008, 107,000 horses were shuttled to the bordering countries for slaughter,
Lenz said.

Allison Smith, director of the Triple-H Miniature Horse Rescue in Mandan, said
it is possible there has been an influx of unwanted horses around the country,
but in North Dakota she has not seen a noticeable change.

"It's hearsay and people eat it up, we couldn't find any solid evidence of
horses in North Dakota being abandoned," Smith said, who testified this winter
against the horse slaughterhouse study.

"My phone is not ringing off the hook from people who can't take care of their
horses," she said. "If this problem is there, I'm unaware of it."

Gerald Kitto, a veterinarian in McClusky, said he's noticed an increase in
abandoned horses, some dying of starvation.

"Slaughter would have been much more humane," he said, noting one recent case
where a horse had lost the ability to walk after going without food for days in
the middle of winter.

"Number of hours he had laid there, too nutritiously compromised, and couldn't
stand anymore," said Kitto, who testified this winter in favor of the horse
slaughterhouse study.

Kitto said it's better to give horse owners one more option to dispose of an
unwanted animal instead of abandoning it to save on the costs of euthanasia and
carcass disposal, which can cost about $200 to $500.

"I don't see any difference," Kitto said of processing and euthanizing unwanted
horses. "They're getting euthanized at a facility or they're getting euthanized
on someone's property, the only difference is we're getting some use out of
them."

Lenz said the issue over horse slaughter has become an emotional one for many,
accentuating cultural differences between horse owners who see their animal as a
pet and others who view equine as livestock.

"A horse is much better off being euthanized than being neglected," Lenz said.
"Whether a horse lives to be 2 years old or 30 years old, it doesn't make much
difference to a horse. They don't look forward to weddings or graduations. They
look forward to being fed in the morning."

(Reach reporter Brian Duggan at 223-8482 or brian.duggan@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

Feds plan influx of skilled workers

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1240 words


ST. PETERS BAY, P.E.I. * The federal government will admit up to an additional
2,000 skilled immigrant workers and their families to Atlantic Canada next year,
growing that number in future years as it tries to help employers close skills
gaps in the labour force.

The move is part of a new Atlantic growth strategy unveiled on Monday, answering
a longstanding call for help from the region's premiers, who face low population
growth and an aging workforce.

The additional immigration numbers to be distributed according to population -
meaning roughly 636 newcomers and their families are headed to New Brunswick if
it gets its share - are part of a new three-year pilot project to better match
the needs of local employers for workers.

It comes with a larger goal and a broader plan, with additional steps to come,
to recharge the Atlantic economy.

Premier Brian Gallant said the change in the number of skilled immigrants New
Brunswick can recruit annually has the potential to provide a "huge injection"
of people with the ability to propel economic development.

The region's four premiers and a handful of federal cabinet ministers spent much
of Monday morning meeting behind closed doors in the seaside community of St.
Peters Bay, P.E.I. to put the finishing touches on the first steps of the new
plan.

Gallant and Beauséjour MP and House leader Dominic LeBlanc were among those at
the meetings being held at federal Agriculture Minister Lawrence MacAulay's
farm.

A barn on the property neighbouring potato fields and overlooking St. Peters Bay
was turned into a makeshift meeting room.

Immigration Minister John McCallum was also among the group of politicians to
announce an influx of skilled immigrants.

"I have heard loud and clear that Atlantic Canada wants more immigrants,"
McCallum said. "Not only because of your natural generosity, but because you
have a great need for refugees, for immigrants, in part because of the aging
population.

"We understand the need, we understand the desire, and we as a government are
responding."

The three-year pilot project will see up to 2,000 immigrants and their families
allocated across Atlantic Canada on a per-capita basis in the first year, "so it
could be a total of something like 4,000 people," McCallum said.

But provinces could exceed individual quotas if other provinces don't use
theirs.

The federal government is then promising "rising numbers" in the following years
- depending on performance. The program will be measured by retention and
employer participation, with mandated quarterly reporting on whether the program
is achieving results.

Ottawa is also pledging that provinces and employers will largely drive a
"flexible" selection process giving selected immigrants "priority processing" to
fill worker shortage needs.

"It's a pilot project in Atlantic Canada today, but it could be the model for
the whole country in coming years," McCallum said.

New Brunswick "will try to take as many as possible," Gallant said when asked
for how many of the 2,000 the province is after.

"This could very well be a huge injection of people into Atlantic Canada which
will help our collective goal of growth," Gallant said. "It will help us ensure
a strong work force for our businesses and industries and it will really propel
us as a region to be able to compete nationally and internationally."

Gallant had asked Ottawa to raise the cap on the current nominee program from
625 to 1,500 nominations.

That request wasn't agreed on this year, but Gallant had continued to meet with
McCallum and others on that file in Ottawa to reaffirm the request.

Gallant has routinely stressed that the region must buck the trend of an aging
population.

But it's a multifaceted problem - including efforts needed to keep New
Brunswickers from leaving, bring Atlantic Canadians back who are living
elsewhere, as well as welcoming more new Canadians.

Recent labour force surveys from Statistics Canada highlighted a long-term trend
in New Brunswick of an aging population eating into the size of the workforce.

There are currently 5,000 fewer workers aged 15 to 54 in New Brunswick than a
year ago. At the same time, the population of people 55 and over has increased
by roughly 6,400.

The premier said on Monday that the fish and seafood processing sectors and some
aquaculture operations have chronic labour shortages.

He added that the province also needs more skilled workers in the information
and communication technologies field to build on attempts to grow the existing
sector.

"There are going to be thousands of jobs in the next few years in ICT in New
Brunswick and we need to make sure that we train as many New Brunswickers as
possible to fill those jobs, but we also want to make sure that we have no
company that is waiting," Gallant said.

LeBlanc said the shortage extends to the large trucking companies and
manufacturing operations like Imperial Manufacturing in Richibucto.

"This is an opportunity, I hope, to get us out of the temporary foreign worker
paradigm and look at bringing people here who are on a path of permanent
residency."

LeBlanc had a firm answer to questions of whether new immigrants would make it
even harder for New Brunswickers to find work.

"It's not true at all," LeBlanc said. "Yes, there are jobs without people and
people without jobs in New Brunswick, but often it's not a straight line between
a job and a person looking for a job."

LeBlanc said some employers currently see 20 to 30 per cent of their staff made
up by foreign workers, but the inability to fill those jobs threatens the
remaining 70 to 80 per cent of jobs and the company's continued viability.

"That continued inability to have a reliable, trained labour force threatens the
other jobs that are part of those businesses," her said. "It becomes very
destructive."

LeBlanc suggested that hand-selected, entrepreneurial new immigrants create jobs
for themselves and other people "and will help many of those people currently
looking for jobs, find jobs."

Nova Scotia Premier Stephen McNeil underscored those words, adding that "we all
need to be clear that no one is coming into the Atlantic region and taking
someone else's jobs."

"People will be coming into Atlantic Canada and taking jobs that are not being
filled or coming in and creating jobs that are hiring our sons and daughters,"
McNeil said.

The move is a first step in a new growth plan.

"Immigration is the first deliverable of this broader strategy," LeBlanc said.
"Investments in innovation, focused investments in infrastructure, clean tech
investments, all of those things are big priorities for the national economic
development agenda.

"So what we're saying to our provincial government partners is 'how do we take
those investments, match them with provincial investments, and combine those two
in a very focused effort.'"

The Atlantic growth strategy lists innovation and infrastructure investment as
priority areas.

A "leadership committee" has been struck involving the region's four premiers
and its four federal ministers, as well as Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains.

Meetings will take place twice annually.

The group will monitor progress and report publicly on results beginning next
year.

"Our fundamental goal is to increase the number of good paying jobs and
opportunities in Atlantic Canada," Bains said on Monday. "Our goal is also to
tackle longstanding and emerging regional challenges." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 The
Daily Gleaner (Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                               December 11, 2012

Fake, Expired Wines, Beverages Flood Nigerian Market

BYLINE: Goerge Okojie

LENGTH: 360 words


Distillers and Blenders in the country have raised the alarm over the influx of
fake and adulterated wines and alcoholic beverages into the country, and said
that the smuggled, expired and contaminated drinks could lead to loss of lives
if not checked.

Speaking at a joint press conference organised by the distillers and blenders
association in Lagos, the Executive Secretary, Aare Fatai Odesile, said that
Nigerian market has become a dumping ground for all manner of products regularly
smuggled into the country without anybody checking the influx.

Odesile, who was flanked by the Chairman of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC)
Comrade Idowu Adelabu , the General Manager of Intercontinental Distillers
Limited Umoren Akpan, among others said that the rate at which some unscrupulous
elements smuggled foreign wines and spirits into the country's market without
any control by appropriate agencies of government was alarming

He said, "If not quickly checked, it may lead to the demise of our industry,
which has no doubt contributed significantly and immeasurably to the growth of
the economy.

"Sadly enough, when these foreign wines, alcoholic beverages and spirits are
smuggled into the market, they offer them at lower rates because they are
illegally brought into the country through our porous borders without paying the
normal excise duties and taxes," Odesile said.

He said that by lowering the prices of the products, the smugglers and their
local collaborators have created an uneven playing field for locally produced
wines and spirits.

"Not only do these unscrupulous elements create this type of obstacle for the
local producers, they also go ahead to advertise these smuggled items that were
neither registered with government agencies like NAFDAC and Standard
Organisation of Nigeria(SON) nor with APCON thereby putting the lives and health
of our people in jeopardy," the association chief said.

Odesile who urged the National Assembly to put in place legislation to regulate
the sale of ethanol in the country, said that the present threat in the food and
beverage industry might impact negatively on the industry that employs over
125,000 Nigerians.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           December 24, 2013 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

All hands |on deck |for beach 'pilgrimage'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 499 words


AnÃ©l Lewis, Neo Maditla

and Zodidi Dano

STAFF REPORTERS

WHILE some Capetonians avoid the beaches at all costs on Boxing Day, many
residents come in their droves from across the city for a day of fun

in the sun.

This annual "pilgrimage" means that popular beaches such as Camps Bay,
Muizenberg and Kalk Bay will be packed with people who often don't get to enjoy
the city's coastal |attractions.

Richard Bosman, City of Cape Town executive director of safety and security,
said an estimated 200 000 people were expected on city beaches on Boxing Day
(Day of Goodwill).

The city does have a festive season plan to ensure that revellers celebrate in a
safe and clean environment, but residents in Kalk Bay fear that the lack of law
enforcement at the harbour's beach may encourage anti-social behaviour during
peak season.

"People know there's no control on that beach and they come in overloaded
bakkies and taxis," said Tony Trimmel, chairman of the Kalk Bay and St James
Residents' and Ratepayers' Association.

He described the influx of "thousands" of people to the beach at this time of
the year as an annual |"pilgrimage".

The beach used to be cleaned and patrolled by the city council, but these
services have dwindled now that it is managed by the Department of Agriculture
and Fisheries, Trimmel said.

Harbour staff collected more than 300 bags of litter after last year's Boxing
Day festivities, but Trimmel said the council refused to take the bags away. The
state of the beach was "shocking".

He said the community was trying to put a plan in place to control access to the
beach, as well as and the consumption of alcohol over the festive season. Bosman
said the beach was part of the harbour, and it was therefore the harbour
master's responsibility to provide services.

Meanwhile, Camps Bay ward councillor Beverley Schafer has asked for
reinforcements at the Blue Flag beaches of Camps Bay and Clifton, ahead of
Boxing Day and Tweede Nuwe Jaar.

She said the city was expecting at least 10 000 people to gather on Camps Bay
beach.

Chris Willemse, chairman of the Camps Bay Ratepayers' and Residents'
Association, said that they had come to expect the large influx of people into
Camps Bay on December 26 as something that happened once |a year.

"It's a festive time. Obviously parking is a problem and getting everyone out of
Camps Bay is also a bit of a problem."

Willemse said people sometimes stayed on the beach until 3am waiting for their
transport.

Some people find Cape Town beaches too full and go further afield.

Although the city has moved into the "festive season" stage of its peak season
planning and there will be increased visibility and "sustained" deployment of
law enforcement to the main beaches until January 4 Schafer felt that some of
the busier beaches were still understaffed.

Law enforcement would |be bolstered by auxiliary volunteers.

There would also be undercover informal trading police on the beaches to stop
illegal traders from selling pirated goods.

anel.lewis@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Brexit: Armagh Post Office hands out 400 Irish passport forms in one day

LENGTH: 138  words


Armagh city's Post Office, based in Emerson's Supermarket, has reported an
influx of requests from customers seeking Irish passports since Brexit was
announced.

The Post Office staff, who would normally hand out about 30 Irish Passport
forms, handed out approximately 400 on Friday.

Gavin Emerson, owner of Emerson's Supermarket which is home to the Post Office
and the Photo Lab, said: "Almost as soon as Brexit was announced we had an
influx of people asking about Irish Passports. We have never handed out more
forms, in such a space of time, ever before. We handed out approximately 400
forms which is unheard of here at our Post Office. And because our Photo Lab is
right beside the Post Office, people were getting their passport pictures taken
at the same time.

"Friday was busy and this week looks like it could be the same."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Tehran Times

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

Sand storm buries 16 villages in southeastern Iran

LENGTH: 106  words


TEHRAN -- 16 villages in Rigan, southeastern province of Kerman, were buried in
sand and became completely deserted, IRIB reported.

Massive sand influx and consistent sand storms led to the complete disappearance
of the villages under piles of sand, the Rigan governor, Amin Baqeri said.

Agriculture and livestock are totally ruined in this area and it suffered a loss
of 320 billion rials (nearly $9 million), Baqeri added.

The continuance of sand influx has already endangered 80 other villages and if
not stopped timely they are subjected to be deserted too, the governor warned.

MQ/MG

http://imgs.syndigate.info/403/1312/39/146358228779.jpg




LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1312


                          Copyright 2016 Tehran Times
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                            January 11, 1991 Friday

PROTEST ON ILLEGAL FISHING

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: COSTELLO D

LENGTH: 374 words


Protest on illegal fishing JAKARTA: The Australian Ambassador was meeting the
Indonesian Agriculture Minister, Mr Wardoyo, yesterday to put Australia's
concerns about Indonesian poachers entering Australian waters. The Ambassador,
Mr Philip Flood, would ""put our concerns in the strongest possible terms", an
embassy official said. Mr Flood would argue that Indonesia was not doing enough
to stop illegal fishermen entering Australian waters to poach valuable and
protected mother of pearl trochus shells, the official said. He would also
suggest measures Indonesia could take to deter the fishermen, who travel from
south-east Sulawesi and nearby islands to take shells from protected areas of
King Sound and Rowley Shoals off Western Australia. Yesterday's scheduled
meeting with Mr Wardoyo follows strong protests from West Australian politicians
over a record influx of 232 Indonesian fishermen captured off WA's north coast
between Christmas and New Year's day. This compares with a total of 90 illegal
fishermen detained in the first 11 months of last year. After three days of
hearing, which finished yesterday, the Broome Magistrates Court imposed jail
terms on 172 of the fishermen for quarantine and fisheries offences. The
remaining 60, mostly children, were due to be deported on a flight from Port
Hedland to Bali on Saturday. Australian officials are concerned that jail terms
and boat confiscations are not stopping the illegal fishermen, who earn about
$A10 a kg for trochus, which is highly prized in Asian markets for jewellery and
ornaments. Despite the risks, the Bugis fishermen from Sulawesi were prepared to
accept the return of only one boat out of five sent to Australian waters for the
venture to remain profitable, an official said. Indonesian officials toured the
eastern provinces last June to warn fishermen of the risks of being caught and
the penalties they could face. However, fisheries co-operation talks here last
July highlighted differences between the two countries on how to deal with the
influx. While Australian officials at the talks argued for greater emphasis on
punitive deterrent measures, the Indonesian side stressed the need to create
alternative sources of income for the fishermen.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              181 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                                  May 13, 2013

Zamanita Requests Protection Against Edible Oil Imports

BYLINE: Nchimunya Muganya

LENGTH: 301 words


ZAMANITA Plc, a subsidiary of Zambeef Products has asked Government to regulate
the importation of edible oils, whose influx in the country is negatively
affecting the local market.

Zambeef Products group public relations manager Justo Kopulande said the
increase in imported edible oils has negatively affected performance of the
product on the local market.

Mr Kopulande said there was need for the Government to regulate the importation
of the oils into the country because the trend was 'killing' the local industry.

Zamanita is the country's largest edible oil producer that sells palm, soya and
cotton seed oils as well as, animal feed cake.

"As a crushing company we are having difficulties in selling our oils because of
the influx of oils that are being offloaded cheaply on the market hence creating
a situation where as local producers we having a problem in product sale," he
said.

Currently over 9 brands of edible oils are being offloaded on the local market.

Speaking in Lusaka, Mr Kopulande said the influx of the oils would not only
affect the market but the whole production chain starting from the producers of
the raw materials, the small-scale farmers.

"This trend of having cheap products offloaded on the local market does not only
affect us, but also the small-scale farmers who are our supplies of Soya beans
which is the main raw material," Mr Kopulande said.

However, Mr Kopulande said if the situation was not controlled, the company
would not buy much of the soya beans from the farmers.

"If the situation is not controlled, as a company, we have no way out but just
to reduce on what we buy from farmers because it will mean that we will still
have enough stock," he said.

He said through the uncontrolled influx of the products, the forward and
backward linkage would likely be affected.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

AN influx of the varroa mite could prove devastatin

BYLINE: TRACEY PRISK

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 332 words


AN influx of the varroa mite could prove devastating for apple, cherry and
blueberry growers who are being urged to join the fight to stop its spread.

The varroa mite is being blamed for reducing the world's bee population and
impacting the production of honey.

Growers are being asked to participate in a survey being conducted by TQA
Australia, on behalf of the Pollination Program, to show how much importance
growers place on pollination and how much they utilise pollination services.

The chairman of the NSW Farmers' horticulture committee Peter Darley said he'd
support any initiative that protected bees.

"Bees are the best unpaid workers that we've got when it comes to fruit trees,"
he said.

"Taking part in this survey will be of huge benefit to all industries."

Pollination research and development committee chairman Gerald Martin said the
fight against varroa was vital for fruit growers.

"The threat of pests like varroa is very real and we need to be prepared," Mr
Martin said.

"The mite has devastated honey and pollination industries across the world,
dramatically cutting bee populations and increasing the cost of pollination
services and bee management.

"Early survey results show that growers recognise the role of bees in the
success of their fruit growing with more than 50 per cent saying insect
pollination is either essential or very important and the majority already using
commercial pollination services.

"This is good information, but we hope more growers will complete the survey so
we can remain on the front foot in this fight and ensure that varroa won't
destroy our horticulture industries."

The survey is being distributed by Cherries Australia, Apple and Pear Australia
Limited and the Australian Blueberry Growers Association.

The Pollination Program is a research effort jointly funded by the Rural
Industries Research and Development Corporation, Horticulture Australia Limited
and the Australian Government Department of Agriculture.

tracey.prisk@

fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

AN influx of the varroa mite could prove devastatin

BYLINE: TRACEY PRISK

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 332 words


AN influx of the varroa mite could prove devastating for apple, cherry and
blueberry growers who are being urged to join the fight to stop its spread.

The varroa mite is being blamed for reducing the world's bee population and
impacting the production of honey.

Growers are being asked to participate in a survey being conducted by TQA
Australia, on behalf of the Pollination Program, to show how much importance
growers place on pollination and how much they utilise pollination services.

The chairman of the NSW Farmers' horticulture committee Peter Darley said he'd
support any initiative that protected bees.

"Bees are the best unpaid workers that we've got when it comes to fruit trees,"
he said.

"Taking part in this survey will be of huge benefit to all industries."

Pollination research and development committee chairman Gerald Martin said the
fight against varroa was vital for fruit growers.

"The threat of pests like varroa is very real and we need to be prepared," Mr
Martin said.

"The mite has devastated honey and pollination industries across the world,
dramatically cutting bee populations and increasing the cost of pollination
services and bee management.

"Early survey results show that growers recognise the role of bees in the
success of their fruit growing with more than 50 per cent saying insect
pollination is either essential or very important and the majority already using
commercial pollination services.

"This is good information, but we hope more growers will complete the survey so
we can remain on the front foot in this fight and ensure that varroa won't
destroy our horticulture industries."

The survey is being distributed by Cherries Australia, Apple and Pear Australia
Limited and the Australian Blueberry Growers Association.

The Pollination Program is a research effort jointly funded by the Rural
Industries Research and Development Corporation, Horticulture Australia Limited
and the Australian Government Department of Agriculture.

tracey.prisk@

fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                  May 5, 2004

Forget cheap food worries

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Alcohol; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1018 words


Anthony gibson: 'We must sharpen the focus on what we do the best' I WATCHED the
celebrations which marked the accession of ten new member states to the EU with
a degree of sadness.  Not because the implications for farming in this part of
the world cause me any great concern, still less for any wider misgivings.

What I found depressing was the contrast between the unaffected joy which the
people of these former Eastern bloc countries clearly feel at being able to join
the largest voluntary association of sovereign nation states which the world has
ever seen, and the miserable, sour, curmudgeonly cynicism which seems to
characterise the British attitude to the EU.

However you look at it, EU enlargement is a triumph for Western European liberal
democracy and all of the values bound up in that.

But a triumph bought at what cost to Europe's existing member states, and
specifically at what cost to their farmers?  Agriculture has been at the very
heart of the arguments over enlargement. It could not have been otherwise.

The economies of the ten new members still depend very heavily on agriculture,
and on pretty primitive agriculture at that. Land is cheap, labour is cheap,
standards are lower, costs are lower still and the potential is huge. Unfettered
access to the largest single market in the world will help dramatically to
realise it. So, will their gain be our loss?  The received wisdom on this score
has undergone something of a transformation in the last few years. Where once we
were fearful of a flood of cheap food, and hopeful of an influx of cheap labour,
the expectations now are almost the precise opposite.

Living standards in the new entrant countries are expected to rise faster than
agricultural productivity, so creating market opportunities for food exports
from west to east, particularly of high value-added products.

As for the labour situation, while there may very well be a further influx of
workers from Eastern Europe, they won't necessarily end up working on the land.
Up to now, agriculture has enjoyed privileged access to migrant labour, through
the Seasonal Agricultural Workers Scheme.

But as from May 1, immigrants from Eastern Europe can work in any industry. How
keen will they be, I wonder, on picking daffodils in the freezing half-light of
a Cornish January dawn when they could be earning more in a warm factory?  And
where will that leave Cornish horticulture?  As for the "more of an opportunity
than a threat" argument, I remain to be convinced.  I do not doubt for a moment
that demand for more sophisticated foods will rise, and that this will be
largely supplied from the West. But I suspect that most of the demand will be
for highly-processed foods, like oven chips, frozen pizza and prepared meals,
and that the beneficiaries will be the food manufacturers, not the farmers.

Cheese is a possible exception to that rule. Most of the new member states eat
far less of it than we do, and their ability to supply their own expanding
market will be limited by the imposition of quotas.  In Poland, for example, the
EU has rather stingily fixed the national quota at two million tonnes of milk
less than national consumption.

At the moment the gap is being filled by so-called "semi-subsistence farmers" -
peasants with one or two cows, supplying their families and immediate
neighbours, and outside the quota regime. But as they disappear from the scene,
driven out by re-structuring and EU food safety legislation, there should indeed
be an opportunity to fill the gap with exports, albeit for a pretty modest
return.

Poultry and eggs is another area with potential, although again, I suspect any
money will be made by agri-business and the food processors, with precious
little benefit filtering back to the primary producer.

In most commodities, most of the new entrants are decades behind most of the old
EU members in terms of yields, productivity, infrastructure and farm size.

But even with all of the British consultants who are now helping develop
agriculture in the new entrant countries (and that really is a growth area) the
prevailing consensus is that the handicaps associated with farming in Eastern
Europe far outweigh the advantages of cheap land and labour.

But that does not mean we should be in any way complacent. I wouldn't put it
past British food processors, or even retailers, to set up production or
manufacturing businesses in the new member states and then use the cheaper
product to squeeze down prices across the board.  After all, if you are going to
make chicken nuggets to sell to the Estonians, why not build a factory on the
outskirts of Tallinn, and take advantage of cheaper raw materials as well as
cheaper labour?  The threat could be particularly acute in soft fruit, with
which the Poles and the Hungarians have long been associated. Up to now, they've
tended to concentrate on the bottom end of the market - tinned fruit and cheap
jam - but that could easily change, especially with some western European
investment behind it.

My conclusion is that the enlargement of the EU to the lower-cost East does
represent a threat to farmers in the higher cost West, but not yet. There will
be a breathing space, probably of five to ten years, while eastern farmers get
their act together with western processors, retailers and consultants. But in
the end, as relatively low wage/low expectation economies, the new entrants are
bound to enjoy a competitive advantage when it comes to producing bog standard
commodities, just as other parts of the world, like South America, already do.

Farming in the Westcountry will not be swept away by a flood of cheap imports
tomorrow, any more than consumers will be put at risk from "unsafe" Eastern
European food imports.

But, in the end, at least some of these new member states will be forces to be
reckoned with in agricultural trade, and that makes it even more important that
we sharpen the focus on what we do best - which is producing distinctive,
high-value food - while we still have the chance.


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2004 Western Morning News


                              185 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

Migrants stranded in border dispute

BYLINE: gsmith

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 248 words


THOUSANDS of migrants, including many women and children, have spent a night in
rain and cold in the Balkans as countries argue over how to handle the large
influx of people.

Many were stranded at Croatia's border with Slovenia after Croatia sent a train
there despite Slovenia's refusal to take the people into the country. The train
carrying about 1800 people arrived in the early hours of yesterday.

Hundreds of migrants were also left waiting in the mud on the border between
Serbia and Croatia, after Croatian police put up gates to control their influx.

Croatian police ordered the migrants off the train, but Slovenian police were
deployed to the border and put up iron barriers to prevent a mass entry. For
hours, the migrants sought ways to sneak into Slovenia on foot while Croatian
police prevented them from turning back.

Slovenian police said they would first register women and children from the
train and let them into the country, while the rest remained stranded on a field
amid driving rain.

The border incident has caused a diplomatic dispute between Croatia and
Slovenia, with Slovenia accusing Croatia of breaching an earlier agreement that
only 2500 people can be transported into the country each day. That figure
appeared to have been reduced by the Slovenes to 1500 a day because they said
that is how many Austria allows across its border each day.

Slovenia's interior minister, Vesna Gyorkos Znidar, said Croatia has started to
send an "unlimited number of migrants".

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

SA steps in to save Sahel four as crisis starts to bite;
Niger, Mali, Chad and Mauritania beg for help

BYLINE:  Peter Fabricius  Foreign Editor

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 452 words


SOUTH Africa is providing major humanitarian assistance to four countries of the
Sahel region that have been struck by drought, famine, terrorism and a huge
influx of people from the war in Libya.

SA is to give "impressive" amounts of food and agricultural supplies to Niger,
Mali, Chad and Mauritania as well as an undisclosed sum of money.

Minister of International Relations and Co-operation Maite Nkoana-Mashabane
announced the aid package after attending an AU Peace and Security Council
meeting called to respond to the Sahel humanitarian crisis, in Bamako, Mali, on
Tuesday.

She said the council had expressed deep concern over the crisis confronting
several Sahel countries because of environmental degradation, climate change and
food insecurity.

These problems had been aggravated by the|crisis in Libya, the influx of
internally displaced people and the increase in transnational organised crime,
terrorism activities and the proliferation of weapons. The council had called
for a more comprehensive and better-co-ordinated approach by Africa to help
Sahel countries implement national and regional strategies to tackle the crisis.

Nkoana-Mashabane said the four core Sahel states - Mali, Niger, Mauritania and
Chad - had asked the SA government for help. SA would, as a matter of urgency,
deliver food and nutritional aid to the four countries directly, and was working
out a plan for medium-term help.

SA would send aid to Niger including 877 tons of fertiliser, 11 000 tons of
animal feed, 9 million vaccine doses for livestock, 103 500 tons of grain, and
nutrition for 22 000 children and pregnant women.

Nkoana-Mashabane said the Malian government had asked for 45 886 tons of sorghum
and millet, 35 000 tons of rice, 14 500 tons of animal feed as well as other
supplies. She said the SA government was still discussing Chad and Mauritania's
needs with those governments.

The minister told the meeting that SA had also undertaken to contribute to the
international donor effort to help the Sahel, including contributions by the
World Food Programme and the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation, as well as
SA's Gift of the Givers charity.

SA had also agreed to give money directly to the four governments, "with a
suggestion that the funds be pooled with inputs from other donor sources
relating to the emergency plan".

She did not specify the amounts of money SA would give.

Imtiaz Sooliman, the head of Gift of the Givers, said yesterday: "If you examine
what South Africa has committed itself to in terms of the items, the tonnage and
the value attached to that tonnage and those items, add the logistics and
transport cost, it's really an impressive, relevant, appropriate intervention
and contribution."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             January 8, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

High demand could see prices rise

BYLINE: Neil Scott, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 405  words


Housing prices will go up by more than seven per cent in Regina this year,
according to a Royal LePage market survey forcecast released Thursday.

"I'm expecting a very good year,'' said Mike Duggleby, the manager of Royal
LePage Regina Realty.

There is a "low supply and high demand'' for houses in Regina, Duggleby said in
a telephone interview Thursday.

The working of those market forces should push prices upward, by a projected 7.3
per cent or perhaps even higher, Duggleby said.

The generally strong state of the province's economy has contributed to the
strong demand for real estate, Duggleby said.

Several major construction projects have also brought an influx of construction
workers into Regina, Duggleby said.

That influx of construction workers has created a strong demand for rental units
and has pushed apartment rents upward.

With apartments expensive and in tight supply, many Regina renters will be
considering becoming homeowners this year, Duggleby said.

The information released by Royal LePage indicates the average detached bungalow
in Regina sold for $273,000 in the final months of 2009, which was down 0.4 per
cent from the final three months of 2008.

But prices for two-storey homes and for condominiums were up compared to 12
months earlier, the survey indicated.

Poor weather slowed down activity on the real estate market in the final few
months of 2009, Duggleby said.

"But we are expecting activity to pick up in the spring, from both buyers and
sellers,'' he added.

Sales records were set in 2007, as Regina experienced a real estate boom.

Both 2008 and 2009 were also good years for the Regina real estate market,
although it was not quite as hot as in 2007.

But a downturn in the economy resulted in drops in real estate sales and prices
in many parts of Canada outside of Saskatchewan.

Phil Soper, president and chief executive officer of Royal LePage Real Estate
Services, said the Canadian real estate market "enters 2010 with considerable
momentum from an unusually strong finish to the previous year.''

"The stimulus impact of low borrowing costs has contributed to a sharp rise in
demand that has driven activity to new highs,'' Soper added in a news release.

Strong demand and an undersupply of homes for sales should cause house prices to
generally increase in many areas of Canada during the first half of 2010, Soper
said. But price increases could moderate during the second half of the year, he
added.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Don Healy, Leader-Post; Royal LePage predicts housing prices in
Regina will rise seven per cent this year.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2010 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Ghanaian Chronicle (Accra)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

FDB Advocates Adjustment of Retention Act

BYLINE: Stephen Odoi-Larbi

LENGTH: 432 words


The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Food and Drugs Board (FDB), Stephen
Opuni on Wednesday told the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament to consider
increasing their Retention Act to enable them have enough resources to fight
counterfeit products that are smuggled into the country.

"Mr. Chairman, considering the fact that there is an influx of counterfeit
products, I would plead that you support us get more resources. The regulation
of medicine and food products is very important, as far as health delivery is
concerned.

"Because we protect public health, we would plead that in future you consider
adjusting the Retention Act over a certain period of time to enable us put up
laboratories and offices in all the ten regions," pleaded the CEO of the FDB.

Mr. Opuni made this remark in response to a question on what measures the FDB
had put in place to check the influx of counterfeit products in the country,
when he appeared before the Public Accounts Committee of Parliament, chaired by
Albert Kan-Dapaah (MP).

He had appeared before the PAC to respond to a query on his outfit's internally
generated fund, which was audited and captured in the Auditor-General's report
for the year ending December 31, 2010.

To him, an 85% retention of all monies generated internally over a four or five
year period would do a great service to his office in expanding its activities
across the length and breathe of the country.

He told the committee members that the FDB was established without putting the
necessary infrastructure in place, a situation he noted was causing the nation
dearly since most of the counterfeit products were brought in through porous
borders.

However, with the little resources at its disposal, Mr. Opuni said the FDB has
been able to put up its own office and laboratory complex which it would soon
move into.

That notwithstanding, four offices have been established at four entry points in
the Volta Region apart from Aflao in addition to the one at Elubo to counter the
activities of illicit trading in food and drugs brought into the country.

According to Mr. Opuni, since counterfeiters and smugglers keep on changing
their routes, allocation of more resources would enable the FDB be on its feet
to pursue the perpetrators.

In the meantime, he said he outfit was embarking on public education and
collaborating with the security agencies to fight counterfeiting in the country.

With the support of Parliament and the general public, the FDB boss believes his
outfit would make tremendous strike arguing that "if we don't do that, public
health will be under threat."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 15, 2011 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Immigrants shape our past, future

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 610 words


May 15--Reflecting the United States as a whole, Greeley is a city of
immigrants.

At the turn of the 20th century, it was Germans, Eastern Europeans, Russians and
Japanese. Later, it was an influx of immigrants from Latin countries, mostly
Mexico and Central America. Recently, Greeley has seen an influx of immigrants
from East Africa and Burma, some of those refugees fleeing the violence in their
home countries.

The legal frame has changed in the last 50 years, making legal immigration a
more difficult process. Most immigrants have come to this area for one reason:
employment. The agriculture industry in the area has consistently employed
immigrants to plant and harvest crops, work in the sugar mill, milk cows, care
for animals and work in the meatpacking plant. Our food supply has become
dependent on this labor source.

Despite this near-steady stream of immigrants for more than a century, each new
group has met its own challenges, bigotry, fear and discrimination upon
arriving. European, Japanese and Latino immigrants were punished for speaking
their native language. Somali immigrants are stared at because of their
different look and clothing. Many are disregarded as uneducated, unmotivated and
a burden on society.

Yet, when you look at the rich history of our area, the cultural diversity of
our city, our businesses and restaurants, it is this immigrant population that
has made Greeley what it is today, and will continue to shape what our city
becomes in the future.

The one danger we see in the growth of non-white residents in our city is
segregation. This is evident in our neighborhoods and schools, and even more
frightening, in some of our attitudes. There are many schools in Greeley that
are nearly 100 percent minority students. Greeley east of 35th Avenue is a very
different city than Greeley west of 35th Avenue.

In many ways we are divided, and some of that is natural.

We want to live with people who are like us. We want to shop in stores near our
homes. We send our kids to our neighborhood schools.

While logistically this creates a physical divide, that divide can also extend
to attitudes and treatment of other people, coming from both sides: the
immigrants and the residents.

It also creates a divide of poverty. The reality is, as seen in census figures,
our minority population is poorer, less educated and has a lower earning
potential than its Caucasian neighbors.

Unless you come from American Indian ancestors, you are the sons and daughters
of immigrants, just like Germans from Russia in 1900, the Latino family working
in the onion fields 1970 and the Somalian family working at the JBA USA plant in
north Greeley today.

As the generations progress, immigrants will change their statistics. More will
be educated, get better jobs, go to college and put down roots.

As assimilation occurs, it's easy for us to forget where we came from. We are a
country of immigrants, we are a city of immigrants. It's long past the time to
embrace that.

We believe all of the immigrants to our area have enriched us culturally and
economically. They have and continue to make us a stronger, more diverse
community.

It's time to drop the "us against them" attitude that some of our residents
unfortunately cling to. It's all us, and we are happy to see the multitude of
faces that make our city great.

To see more of the Greeley Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greeleytribune.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Greeley Tribune, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110515-GY-EDITORIAL-Immigrants-shape-our-past-future-0515-20110515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2011 Greeley Tribune


                              190 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday

Editorial: Presidential pardon

LENGTH: 1000  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, May 19 -- In dramatic developments on Monday, the Lahore High Court
(LHC) dismissed the appeals of Interior Minister Rehman Malik against two
three-year sentences handed down to him in absentia in two accountability cases
in 2004. Labelled as an absconder of the courts, Mr Malik faced arrest on
Monday, on charges levelled against him by the National Accountability Bureau
(NAB) where he is accused of receiving two cars from Toyota Central Motors in
Karachi in return for the purchase of official vehicles by the FIA and also
raiding the house of a certain Mr Hashim Raza who claims Mr Malik pillaged his
home in 1994 with other individuals and made off with valuables and cash.
However, the court's decision was nullified when President Zardari granted a
presidential pardon for the Minister of the Interior - a power granted to the
president by Article 45 of the constitution - later that night.

Article 45 allows the president unfettered discretion to grant such pardons but
the universal cannons of justice demand that the head of state should exercise
this discretion judiciously, keeping in view the principles of justice, equity
and good conscience so that this power is not exercised arbitrarily. And there
lies, perhaps, the rub. The possibility remains that this presidential pardon
may be challenged in the courts, especially on the grounds that the appeals and
judicial process had not yet been exhausted, appeal still lying from the verdict
of the LHC to the Supreme Court.

Be that as it may, the reasons for the post-haste presidential pardon are not
difficult to seek. It is entirely within the realm of possibility that had the
president not acted, either Mr Rehman Malik would have been arrested, as the LHC
said in its order, or the pressure to resign would have become irresistible
politically. In one fell swoop, therefore, the pardon avoided both
contingencies.

Even though the pardon, and now the pre-arrest bail granted to Rehman Malik by
the Sindh High Court, will save Mr Malik from arrest, his conviction stands, as
even a presidential pardon cannot reverse a conviction. Even though Rehman Malik
has always protested his innocence and challenged the in absentia conviction as
political victimisation, and no matter if he feels hard done by, perhaps the
only honourable thing to do now is for him to save whatever little grace he has
left by resigning and vowing to clear his name. There is no moral, much less
dignified, excuse for Rehman Malik to continue in office when his character and
conduct have legally been sullied and he has been pronounced guilty of criminal
misdemeanours. A presidential pardon by itself does nothing to clear his name,
therefore there is a strong moral compunction for him to quit public office and
seek whatever remedy is available to him to wash away this blot on his
reputation.

Whether Mr Malik will take that course is an open question. Politics in Pakistan
has disintegrated on many levels. One hardly expects morally upright behaviour
when those who tout fake degrees are awarded election seats and the prime
minister himself champions their campaign cause. When the bar of political
ethics has hit such new lows, the expectation of something better sounds
foolish.

Nevertheless, it is in the interests of the government's and Rehman Malik's
credibility to do whatever is necessary to make himself worthy, once again, of
office. *

Second Editorial: The spark

What started as a scuffle over bus seating eventually led to 40 students being
injured, the closure of the University of Balochistan for three days, and the
indefinite closure of the Agriculture College Quetta and the University of
Engineering and Technology Khuzdar. A fight broke out between students of two
different ethnic groups of students belonging to the Baloch Students
Organisation and the Pashtun Students Organisation at the Agriculture College
Quetta, over a petty issue. Initially the police tried to control the situation
but failed and subsequently asked the Frontier Corps (FC) to help with the law
and order situation.

Traditionally these two ethnic groups have a history of both common and
divergent interests. The Pashtuns, who are a minority in the province and reside
predominantly in Quetta and the northern districts, claim they do not get their
due rights in Balochistan. The Baloch people too lay similar claims. The truth
of the matter is that no group gets its basic rights in the province.

The Baloch nationalist movement has conventionally not opposed the rights of the
Pashtuns. However, since the 1980s the demographic balance has changed due to
the influx of a huge number of refugees from Afghanistan, overwhelmingly from
the Pashtun areas of that country. This influx has created new tensions and new
conflicts. Perhaps as a tactic to counter the Baloch nationalist movement, the
powers that be have extended the reach and influence of religious parties and to
some extent jihadi groups into the traditionally Baloch nationalist strongholds
in interior Balochistan. One manifestation of this new presence has been seen in
the case of the acid attacks in public on women in these areas. Hence it is
understandable that an already bitter Baloch national movement is feeling
threatened by these new forces. When such simmering tensions come to the
surface, it only takes a spark to start a prairie fire.

What these young people need to realise is that they have common interests and
are fighting for the same rights. Furthermore, the elders of the Baloch
nationalist and Pashtun nationalist movements need to intervene and teach the
Baloch and Pashtun youth that infighting will get them nowhere. It is in the
interests of the two ethnic groups to work together towards their common goals
of achieving the rights that Balochistan as a whole has been fighting for over
long years. * Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday

Food Stamp Cuts Hurting Millions of Americans

LENGTH: 457  words


Inside a three-storey yellow brick building in East Harlem, at the northeast
corner of Central Park, a brisk operation is underway to put food on the tables
of some of the most needy families in the US.


Clients place orders in a waiting room in the basement, or online from home,
reducing the need for long lines in the cold. One floor up, scores of volunteers
pack shopping bags from giant tubs of fresh fruit, vegetables and other
foodstuffs. When an order is ready, smiling schoolgirls call the names of
clients and hand over the goods.
New York Common Pantry (NYCP), the city's largest single-site emergency food
provider, served 25 percent more people in the past three months than in the
same period last year. It has 200 volunteers to serve 38,000 individuals.
Staff fear the worst is yet to come, Guardian reported.
"It's a very, very difficult time," says Stephen Grimaldi, the executive
director of NYCP.
For months, charities and food activists have warned that when stimulus funds
expire on Friday, leading to cuts in the food stamps program, it will affect
every US household that depends on it. Pantries, soup kitchens and other crisis
providers will bear the brunt.
"We're bracing ourselves," says Grimaldi. "We certainly know that we are going
to see another increase in numbers by the end of the month."

Influx of Struggling Families
Grimaldi is not alone. Other emergency food providers in the US are preparing
for an influx of struggling families across the country who have been warned
their Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program, or Snap benefits, will be cut
on Friday.
Feeding America, the hunger relief charity, describes the scale of the cuts, $5
billion a year, as representing about 2 billion meals a year and warns that the
effect will be "close to catastrophic".
The cuts are the result of the expiry of the fiscal stimulus legislation of
2009, which increased Snap benefits to provide a spur to the economy. The cuts
will be unprecedented in depth and breadth, according to a report by the Center
on Budget and Policy Priorities (CBPP), a non-profit think tank, and they will
happen automatically, affecting every household in the US which qualifies for
Snap.
The US Department of Agriculture estimates there are 47 million people on food
stamps, a number that includes 22 million children and 9 million people who are
elderly or have a serious disability, according to a recent report by the CBPP.
There are 1.9 million people on Snap benefits in New York alone.
Food charities and activists are concerned that food stamps are already not
enough to live on and that the cuts--the equivalent of taking away 21 meals a
month for a family of four--will significantly increase the number of households
going hungry.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2013 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                          February 23, 2005, Wednesday

US EXPECTS STRICT RULES TO LIMIT INITIAL IMPORTS OF CANADIAN CATTLE

BYLINE: BY BILL TOMSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 4, Column 5

LENGTH: 31 words


US Dept of Agriculture said that complex new rules regulating how Canadian
cattle will be shipped to the US will delay an influx of animals when the border
is re-opened March 7 (M)

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              193 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Influx of IDPs compounds waste management challenges in Gombe

LENGTH: 241  words


Gombe State commissioner of environment and forest resources, Sa'adatu Sa'ad,
said on Sunday that influx of Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs) had compounded
waste management challenges in the state.

The commissioner stated this when members of Imperative Initiative for
Motivation of Global Care (IIMGC) a Non-Governmental Organisation, paid her a
courtesy visit.

'One among the numerous Environmental challenges we are facing is waste
management in the state. This was because of the influx of IDPs, which led to
increase in population. Waste evacuation trucks and other facilities have been
over-stretched; we need more waste disposal containers as well as VIPs latrine,'
she said.

She also said erosion in the state was a major threat to lives and property.

'Although the state government has done a lot in controlling erosion, the
problem is increasing. The government has spent about N3billion in 11 different
locations in the state capital ravaged by erosion but we still have deep gullies
everywhere in the state,' she said.

In her remarks, President of IIMGC, Silvia Clinton, said she came to Gombe with
her team to conduct a baseline survey in all the 11 local government areas of
the state.

She said the exercise was with a view to identifying the needs of people at the
grassroots and act promptly. She said her organisations gives attention to
marginalised communities, especially with regards environmental, health and
agriculture issues.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                 April 06, 2014

Herdsmen/Farmers's Clashes - NVRI Boss Wants Ecowas Intervention

LENGTH: 767 words


Dr Ahmed Mohammed, the Executive Director, National Veterinary Research
Institute (NVRI), Vom, wants ECOWAS members states to establish grazing reserves
as a solution to the current clashes between herdsmen and farmers.

Mohammed, a veterinary expert, made the call in an interview with the News
Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Jos on Sunday.

According to him, there is a "massive" influx of foreign herdsmen into Nigeria
due to the country's porous borders, leading to the frequent clashes between
herdsmen and farmers.

He said that Nigeria's 16 to 17 million cows could only get the required
respite, if ECOWAS commission intervened and prevailed on some members of the
sub-regional organisation -- Mauritania, Chad, Niger, Burkina-Faso, Ghana and
Mali -- to also establish grazing reserves.

"The herdsmen take advantage of the ECOWAS treaty on free movement and free
trade, to just enter into Nigeria anytime they want.

"If Nigeria establishes designated cattle routes and grazing fields for its
herdsmen, ECOWAS must force other nations to do same, otherwise the expected
gains could be neutralized. ECOWAS Commission has a livestock unit that can
handle that.

"The River Niger comes through some of these countries, so it should not be
difficult for them to establish their reserves," he said.

According to him, cattle routes and grazing fields will be mapped out, if the
Grazing Commission Bill becomes law.

However, he said that the gains may not be much, if the massive influx of
herdsmen from other West African nations was not checked.

NAN reports that the bill, currently before the senate, is being considered as a
solution to the constant clashes between farmers and herdsmen.

But opponents of the bill have consistently argued that opening designated
routes and grazing lands will be dangerous since the number of herdsmen and
cattle herd is yet unknown.

They argue that streamlining the activities of local herdsmen may not be
realised in view of Nigeria's porous borders that has made it possible for
herdsmen from many West African nations to just stroll into the country with
their cattle.

The executive director insisted that the grazing reserves would be crucial to
minimising the clashes as they would curtail the movement of the herdsmen since
such reserves would have all that the cattle and their owners would need.

"We expect the grazing reserves to have dams, veterinary services, nomadic
schools, human medical facilities, and of course available grass, both natural
and artificial.

"The reserves will also have aerial surveillance to check the rustling of
cattle."

He recalled that Nigeria had collaborated with the Food and Agriculture
Organisation (FAO) to establish such in the past but the facilities disappeared
after the UN agency withdrew its assistance and farmers quickly took over the
reserves.

Mohammed said that many herdsmen had expressed their desire for permanent
ranches and grazing lands.

He described the existing trend of herdsmen moving their animals along the
highways as dangerous.

"I have spoken with a lot of herdsmen and they have expressed a deep desire to
be settled.

"With the crises getting more fatal, many of them have minimised their
movements. Aside the clashes, there are also rustlers and diseases and herdsmen
do not want these."

On why foreign herdsmen troop into Nigeria, the NVRI boss said that Nigeria had
remained an attractive destination in West Africa because of its weather,
forests and vast market for those seeking to sell their cows.

He noted that animals for sale were usually taken to international cattle
markets located in Maiadua and Jibia in Katsina, Maigatari and Dambatta in
Jigawa, Kura in Kano, among many others.

According to him, most clashes are usually between farmers and foreign herdsmen,
stressing that only foreign herdsmen grazed their cattle deep into the night and
could be hostile when approached by anyone.

"No Nigerian herdsman grazes into the night, but the foreign ones do, and it is
during the night that crops could be destroyed because cattle control is usually
more difficult at that time."

He said foreign herdsmen could easily be identified as they usually moved with a
large number of cattle, sheep and goats.

The expert said that Nigeria had the capacity to cater for its cattle, if many
idle forests and open fields were reserved as grazing areas and grass grown on
the fields to feed the nation's livestock.

He, therefore, urged stakeholders to take adequate measures toward halting the
herdsmen/farmers' clashes, stressing that the two groups were critical to
Nigeria's economy and as such, deserved special attention. (NAN)

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday

Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill., Tim Cain column: Celebration suggestions
forthcoming

BYLINE: Tim Cain, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 700 words


Apr. 15--Don't let it be said that there's no interested in rescuing Decatur
Celebration from its declared financial crisis.

Last week, producer Fred Puglia announced this year's event could be the last
one without an influx of at least $80,000.

Post-press conference, Puglia revised one figure in the release delivered to the
media. A reported $46,689 shortfall in 2007 was actually $57,281, he said. That
leaves the shortfall over of the past seven years (Celebration showed a surplus
in 2005, Puglia reports) as $240,522.

During last week's "SportTalk," the Thursday night sports talk show hosted by
Herald & Review executive sports editor Mark Tupper and myself, Mark made a
pretty simple yet interesting suggestion:

Why not have a bracelet for alcohol drinkers, and charge them $2 for it?

The influx of cash is the first benefit. The second is that the cost of beer,
wine and wine coolers doesn't have to increase. The third benefit is to the
volunteers selling alcohol tickets and distributing alcohol: They don't have to
fight with customers (more than once, anyway) about identification.

The idea must be a decent one, because two more people called me with it last
Friday morning.

Another idea came via e-mail from Edward Speagle and is reprinted here with his
permission:

"An annual Decatur Celebration is overkill. They should consider doing it every
other year. This would reduce the total cost over a decade. People get burned
out on the same thing year after year. Every other year would give more time for
planning. The sponsors and businesses that are asked to donate would not feel
they are 'tapped on the shoulder' as often. Every other year could increase the
expectations of those attending and make the event more special when it is held.
Just my opinion."

Some sponsors have upped their financial commitment, and others are making
first-time contributions. While progress is being made, the $80,000 is still
some distance away.

In the meantime, the annual request to look at Celebration's books has been
made. There's been no official response. If the city of Decatur is going to add
to the police and clean-up it's already providing for the festival, expect them
to demand open books if any more financial help is going to even be considered.

Certainly within four months, we'll have a much better idea how the community
feels about the event, one way or the other.

Of course, Decatur Celebration isn't the only place to hear live music outdoors
this summer.

Trace Adkins has been added to the Illinois State Fair lineup on Aug. 17,
according to pollstar.com. A previously listed ZZ Top appearance at the State
Fair has been removed from the Pollstar Web site, although other August
appearances nearby, including shows in Sparta, Wis., and Milwaukee, are still
listed.

The Decatur-Macon County Fair has a pair of live music grandstand shows this
summer. On June 13, Confederate Railroad plays, and the next night is a
three-act bill of House of Nasty, Bullet Boys and Firehouse.

Mattoon's Bagelfest will feature Ashton Shepherd and Keith Anderson on Saturday,
July 19.

Those of you who think you saw Matt Damon in Decatur last Saturday, or those who
believe their friends who say they saw the actor at a downtown establishment,
are wrong. Just wrong. Sorry.

Damon -- who will be in Decatur soon enough to film his on-location bits for
"The Informant," the story about ADM executive Mark Whitacre turning government
informant -- was in London over the weekend. He was attending the funeral of
film director Anthony Minghella, who directed Damon in 1999's "The Talented Mr.
Ripley."

The most recent word we have is filming in Decatur is May 3 to 23, six-day
weeks. This probably isn't the last word on the movie.

Tim Cain can be reached at timcain@herald-review.com or 421-6908.

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2008, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080415-HV-Herald-Review-Decatur-Ill-Tim-Cain-column-0415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2008 Herald & Review


                              196 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 11, 2008 Friday

Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill., Tim Cain column: Celebration suggestions
forthcoming

BYLINE: Tim Cain, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 700 words


Apr. 11--Don't let it be said that there's no interested in rescuing Decatur
Celebration from its declared financial crisis.

Last week, producer Fred Puglia announced this year's event could be the last
one without an influx of at least $80,000.

Post-press conference, Puglia revised one figure in the release delivered to the
media. A reported $46,689 shortfall in 2007 was actually $57,281, he said. That
leaves the shortfall over of the past seven years (Celebration showed a surplus
in 2005, Puglia reports) as $240,522.

During last week's "SportTalk," the Thursday night sports talk show hosted by
Herald & Review executive sports editor Mark Tupper and myself, Mark made a
pretty simple yet interesting suggestion:

Why not have a bracelet for alcohol drinkers, and charge them $2 for it?

The influx of cash is the first benefit. The second is that the cost of beer,
wine and wine coolers doesn't have to increase. The third benefit is to the
volunteers selling alcohol tickets and distributing alcohol: They don't have to
fight with customers (more than once, anyway) about identification.

The idea must be a decent one, because two more people called me with it last
Friday morning.

Another idea came via e-mail from Edward Speagle and is reprinted here with his
permission:

"An annual Decatur Celebration is overkill. They should consider doing it every
other year. This would reduce the total cost over a decade. People get burned
out on the same thing year after year. Every other year would give more time for
planning. The sponsors and businesses that are asked to donate would not feel
they are 'tapped on the shoulder' as often. Every other year could increase the
expectations of those attending and make the event more special when it is held.
Just my opinion."

Some sponsors have upped their financial commitment, and others are making
first-time contributions. While progress is being made, the $80,000 is still
some distance away.

In the meantime, the annual request to look at Celebration's books has been
made. There's been no official response. If the city of Decatur is going to add
to the police and clean-up it's already providing for the festival, expect them
to demand open books if any more financial help is going to even be considered.

Certainly within four months, we'll have a much better idea how the community
feels about the event, one way or the other.

Of course, Decatur Celebration isn't the only place to hear live music outdoors
this summer.

Trace Adkins has been added to the Illinois State Fair lineup on Aug. 17,
according to pollstar.com. A previously listed ZZ Top appearance at the State
Fair has been removed from the Pollstar Web site, although other August
appearances nearby, including shows in Sparta, Wis., and Milwaukee, are still
listed.

The Decatur-Macon County Fair has a pair of live music grandstand shows this
summer. On June 13, Confederate Railroad plays, and the next night is a
three-act bill of House of Nasty, Bullet Boys and Firehouse.

Mattoon's Bagelfest will feature Ashton Shepherd and Keith Anderson on Saturday,
July 19.

Those of you who think you saw Matt Damon in Decatur last Saturday, or those who
believe their friends who say they saw the actor at a downtown establishment,
are wrong. Just wrong. Sorry.

Damon -- who will be in Decatur soon enough to film his on-location bits for
"The Informant," the story about ADM executive Mark Whitacre turning government
informant -- was in London over the weekend. He was attending the funeral of
film director Anthony Minghella, who directed Damon in 1999's "The Talented Mr.
Ripley."

The most recent word we have is filming in Decatur is May 3 to 23, six-day
weeks. This probably isn't the last word on the movie.

Tim Cain can be reached at timcain@herald-review.com or 421-6908.

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2008, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080411-HV-Herald-Review-Decatur-Ill-Tim-Cain-column-0411

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2008 Herald & Review


                              197 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 10, 2008 Thursday

Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill., Tim Cain column: Celebration suggestions
forthcoming

BYLINE: Tim Cain, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 700 words


Apr. 10--Don't let it be said that there's no interested in rescuing Decatur
Celebration from its declared financial crisis.

Last week, producer Fred Puglia announced this year's event could be the last
one without an influx of at least $80,000.

Post-press conference, Puglia revised one figure in the release delivered to the
media. A reported $46,689 shortfall in 2007 was actually $57,281, he said. That
leaves the shortfall over of the past seven years (Celebration showed a surplus
in 2005, Puglia reports) as $240,522.

During last week's "SportTalk," the Thursday night sports talk show hosted by
Herald & Review executive sports editor Mark Tupper and myself, Mark made a
pretty simple yet interesting suggestion:

Why not have a bracelet for alcohol drinkers, and charge them $2 for it?

The influx of cash is the first benefit. The second is that the cost of beer,
wine and wine coolers doesn't have to increase. The third benefit is to the
volunteers selling alcohol tickets and distributing alcohol: They don't have to
fight with customers (more than once, anyway) about identification.

The idea must be a decent one, because two more people called me with it last
Friday morning.

Another idea came via e-mail from Edward Speagle and is reprinted here with his
permission:

"An annual Decatur Celebration is overkill. They should consider doing it every
other year. This would reduce the total cost over a decade. People get burned
out on the same thing year after year. Every other year would give more time for
planning. The sponsors and businesses that are asked to donate would not feel
they are 'tapped on the shoulder' as often. Every other year could increase the
expectations of those attending and make the event more special when it is held.
Just my opinion."

Some sponsors have upped their financial commitment, and others are making
first-time contributions. While progress is being made, the $80,000 is still
some distance away.

In the meantime, the annual request to look at Celebration's books has been
made. There's been no official response. If the city of Decatur is going to add
to the police and clean-up it's already providing for the festival, expect them
to demand open books if any more financial help is going to even be considered.

Certainly within four months, we'll have a much better idea how the community
feels about the event, one way or the other.

Of course, Decatur Celebration isn't the only place to hear live music outdoors
this summer.

Trace Adkins has been added to the Illinois State Fair lineup on Aug. 17,
according to pollstar.com. A previously listed ZZ Top appearance at the State
Fair has been removed from the Pollstar Web site, although other August
appearances nearby, including shows in Sparta, Wis., and Milwaukee, are still
listed.

The Decatur-Macon County Fair has a pair of live music grandstand shows this
summer. On June 13, Confederate Railroad plays, and the next night is a
three-act bill of House of Nasty, Bullet Boys and Firehouse.

Mattoon's Bagelfest will feature Ashton Shepherd and Keith Anderson on Saturday,
July 19.

Those of you who think you saw Matt Damon in Decatur last Saturday, or those who
believe their friends who say they saw the actor at a downtown establishment,
are wrong. Just wrong. Sorry.

Damon -- who will be in Decatur soon enough to film his on-location bits for
"The Informant," the story about ADM executive Mark Whitacre turning government
informant -- was in London over the weekend. He was attending the funeral of
film director Anthony Minghella, who directed Damon in 1999's "The Talented Mr.
Ripley."

The most recent word we have is filming in Decatur is May 3 to 23, six-day
weeks. This probably isn't the last word on the movie.

Tim Cain can be reached at timcain@herald-review.com or 421-6908.

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2008, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080410-HV-Herald-Review-Decatur-Ill-Tim-Cain-column-0410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2008 Herald & Review


                              198 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 29, 2011 Thursday

Congo : Projet pilote redd géographiquement intégré de Mambasa Project (Congo:
REDD pilot projects geographically integrated Mambasa Project)

LENGTH: 507  words


The project will capitalize on a number of initiatives underway and planned
across the pilot area, providing both the overall coordination, the
strengthening of current activities and launch complementary initiatives in REDD
+ systemic perspective. It will aim to build the means to respond in the short,
medium and long term issues in the area, which can be synthesized by the massive
influx of people associated with inappropriate land management, better served by
the renovation of roads and subject to increasing pressure from mining,
agriculture, slash and burn of the industrial scale but also of wood and
charcoal for use in a regional context and low-tech productivity of activities.
To better target activities, the project was divided into four zones (SZ): 1.
RFO 2. CBNRM 3. Permanent Production Forest 4. Protected forest unaffected.


Activities at the country level: "Establish a Pilot with the Administrator of
the territory and under the responsibility of the CN-REDD," Support the
functioning of the Agricultural Rural Management (CARG) of the territory it
giving a cross-sectoral dimension, "Develop a plan in a participatory planning
and agricultural development across the area," Evaluating scenarios of
deforestation and degradation "business as usual" (BAU) and Alternative and
potential REDD + for the area, "Raising the authorities and traditional leaders
to organize and manage their space," Strengthening the brigades forest and
equip, organize and motivate a system for monitoring and patrol with mixed teams
(villagers, rangers and police), "Establish a mediation to track complaints and
facilitate resolution of conflicts" Making an anthropological study for
deepening the dialogue with indigenous peoples and to better formulate a
critical path of development in line with local aspirations.
Reference: P-Z1-C00-032
Approval date: 27/04/2011
Start date: 18/08/2011
Appraisal Date: 29/11/2010
Status: OngoingOnGo
Implementing Agency: MINISTERE DE L%ENVIRONNEMENT, CONSERVA TION DE LA NATURE ET
DU TOURISME
Location: République Démocratique du Congo
The project will capitalize on a number of initiatives underway and planned
across the pilot area, providing both the overall coordination, the
strengthening of current activities and launch complementary initiatives in REDD
+ systemic perspective. It will aim to build the means to respond in the short,
medium and long term issues in the area, which can be synthesized by the massive
influx of people associated with inappropriate land management, better served by
the renovation of roads and subject to increasing pressure from mining,
agriculture, slash and burn of the industrial scale but also of wood and
charcoal for use in a regional context and low-tech productivity of activities.
To better target activities, the project was divided into four zones (SZ): 1.
RFO 2. CBNRM 3. Permanent Production Forest 4. Protected forest unaffected.

Activities at the country level: "Establish a Pilot w

country :Congo, the Democratic Republic of the
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

Chemical plant set to expand

BYLINE: Daniel Sanderson

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 474 words


SCOTLAND'S largest industrial complex is set for a major expansion following an
influx of fracked gas from America.

Ineos director Hugh Carmichael told delegates at a Scottish Energy Association
conference that his firm would "most probably" be revealing new development at
the Grangemouth petrochemical plant with internal work on plans already taking
place. A ramping up of activities at Grangemouth would represent a remarkable
turnaround for the facility, which includes a petrochemical plant, the country's
only oil refinery and accounts for four per cent of Scottish GDP.

Less than three years ago, Ineos said it would be closing its plant following a
bitter industrial dispute in a move met with dismay at the highest levels of UK
and Scottish Governments.

However, the company says regular deliveries of fracking gas from America on
eight purpose-built ships have handed Grange­mouth, previously operating at
half-capacity due to dwindling North Sea gas reserves, a lifeline.

Ineos believes the plant will now make £100m a year due to the influx of shale
gas, used as a feedstock for its petrochemical products. The imports have been
criticised by environmental groups and reignited the debate over whether
fracking should be allowed in Scotland.

Nicola Sturgeon has refused to endorse the £1.5 billion Ineos project despite
the company claiming it has saved 10,000 jobs directly and indirectly dependent
on Grangemouth.

Mr Carmichael said: "The site was losing money and it's [now] a site that will
make money. We've already announced the expansion of a plant down in Hull
because we've got cheap ethylene. We're most probably going to announce an
expansion of Grangemouth. It [shale gas] provides a long term, sustainable
future for the site.

"If we can find it in the States, bring it over, secure a site, imagine what you
could do if it was on your doorstep."

Pushed to provide further details on the proposed expansion, he added: "If
you're sitting on an asset that has a sustainable, cheap source of feedstock
that is competitive with the rest of Europe in a market, plastics, which is
growing, it's cheaper to expand an asset rather than build a new one. I know
we're looking at it so we'd hope to be announcing something."

SNP ministers faced criticism after refusing to attend a celebration of the
first shipment of US shale gas to Grangemouth on Tuesday, a move that has soured
relations between the Government and one of the country's leading firms.

The Government blamed previous commitments, despite several ministers being
invited three weeks in advance. Ineos has obtained fracking exploration licences
for large swathes of central Scotland, but has so far been blocked by a Scottish
Government moratorium, announced last year. It will remain in place until an
evidence gathering programme and consultation have been carried out.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

UN official says Syrian crisis causing losses for Jordan

LENGTH: 281 words


Text of report in English by official Jordanian news agency Petra-JNA website

Administrator of the UN Development Programme (UNDP) Helen Clark said on Monday
[30 September] that the repercussions of the Syrian crisis on host communities;
Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Turkey were tremendous. She added that the exodus of
Syrians from their country threatens economic development throughout the Middle
East, because neighbouring nations cannot cope with the influx of refugees.
'Clearly the costs on host communities and countries cannot be borne by them
alone,' Clark said.

Clark told a gathering in Geneva, Switzerland on solidarity with Syrian refugees
and host countries, that refugee influx threatens the economies of the various
regional countries affecting trade, agriculture, tourism and employment.

By the end of the year, she said, nearly 25 per cent of Lebanon's population
will consist of refugees. The figure has already reached 10 per cent in Jordan,
she added.

Clark said that while the political and humanitarian dimensions of the Syria
crisis have been recognized from the outset, there is now heightened awareness
that this is also a development crisis. 'It will have a deep and long-lasting
impact on the development and future prospects not only of Syria. Neighbouring
countries' development prospects too have been seriously impacted,' she said.

'The challenge now is to ensure that our collective response to this complex
crisis is both humanitarian and developmental in approach. The humanitarian
needs are very stark, but the developmental challenges exacerbated by the crisis
in the sub-region cannot be ignored.'

Source: Petra-JNA website, Amman, in English 1905 gmt 30 Sep 13

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Malton & Pickering Mercury

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Older 'middle class' influx in Ryedale

BYLINE: Staff copy

LENGTH: 313 words



HIGHLIGHT: RYEDALE's ageing popualtion is more than twice the national average
mainly because of an influx of older "middleclass" migrants.


A report from Ryedale Council shows 36.5 per cent of residents are over 55
compared with a national average of 16 per cent while 26 per cent of residents
are under 25 compared with 30.75 per cent nationally because they are migrating
out of the area.

The population of Ryedale has jumped from 50,872 four years ago to 53,300 and is
expected to increase by another 3.2 per cent to 55,000 by 2026.

The council's latest sustainability appraisal says that over recent years remote
rural districts have seen an influx of older "middle class" migrants, many of
whom are retired or about to retire.

"This is believed to have had a clear impact on both house prices and the
availablity of housing," says the report.

"These residents will often have no need of local jobs or schools and sometimes
little need of public transport or village shops which can contribute towards
the decline of local services."

The fall in the number of younger people may be because of a lack of appropriate
work and training opportunities together with a scarcity of affordable housing.

Some 77.7 per cent of the population is employed while the unemployment rate,
based on the claimant count, stands at just 0.9 per cent compared with 2.5 per
cent for Yorkshire and Humber.

Agricultural employment is still relatively high - 9.6 per cent compared with
the national average of 1.5 per cent.

The report says Ryedale has a diverse and robust local economy with a strong and
growing small firms sector typically employing less than 20 people.

Tourism employs around 12 per cent and is worth more than £120 million to the
local economy.

But wages are below the national average with the average gross full-time salary
of £20,448.

Some 64 per cent of households have an income less than the national average of
£22,000 while 22 per cent of households have an income below £10,000 a year and
are in receipt of financial support.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MALT


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

Duty On Agricultural Implements Proposed

LENGTH: 336  words


FINANCE Minister Tendai Biti has proposed the re-introduction of customs duty on
agricultural implements and rebating of duty on pre-paid electricity with effect
from September 1.

In his Mid-Term Fiscal Policy Review statement on Tuesday, the minister said it
is critical to re-introduce the duty on agricultural implements to ease the
influx of these implements.

"The duty-free import regime resulted in the influx of imported agricultural
implements during the past eight years. The local industry is, however, unable
to compete on a level playing field, due to operational constraints arising from
limited access to long term finance to replace antiquated equipment, hence
requires modest protection.

"I therefore propose to re-introduce customs duty on selected imported
agricultural implements, in order to encourage local production of agricultural
implements," he said.

The minister proposed 10 percent duty rate on disc ploughs and harrows, mould
board plough, mechanical rotary hoes and dam scoops, 15 percent on scarifiers
and rippers, cultivators and weeders and 5 percent on seeders, planters and
transplanters.

"I further propose to suspend customs duty on inputs in the manufacturing and
agricultural implements," he added.

These include mild and carbon steel, tool steel, wire, fasteners, helical
springs, hydraulic hollow tube and bolts.

On pre-paid meters he said Government has injected significant resources in the
refurbishment and rehabilitation of power generating stations with a view to
ensure improved supply of electricity for both commercial and domestic purposes.

"An efficient user-pay system is thus necessary to enhance prompt settlement of
bills in order to generate adequate resources for investment into power
generation.

"Government has already embarked on the installation of the pre-paid metering
system to domestic consumers.

"I, therefore, propose to grant a rebate of duty on prepaid meters imported by
approved suppliers in order to reduce the cost of the project," said Minister
Biti.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Union encourages producers to sign up for beef payments

BYLINE: Andrew Arbuckle

LENGTH: 342  words


With little more than a fortnight to go before the gate closes on the Scottish
beef efficiency scheme (BES), NFU Scotland is among those encouraging producers
to sign up.

The carrot for producers
{http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/farming/beef-producers-urged-to-fill
-in-their-calving-diaries-1-3986603| getting involved in the scheme | Beef
producers urged to fill in their calving diaries - The Scotsman} - which looks
to improve the efficiency, sustainability and quality of the Scottish beef herd
- is the funding equivalent of up to £32 per calf for the next three years.

Promoting it, NFU Scotland livestock committee chairman Charlie Adam said it
could help beef producers who have seen a significant reduction in their direct
support payments.

"In these cash-strapped times, very few businesses can afford to let the
opportunity of an additional funding stream pass While this scheme, delivered
through rural development funds, is not coupled to production, it does give
farmers money based on the size of their herd."

READ MORE:
{http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/farming/progress-in-bid-to-prevent-
influx-of-south-american-beef-1-4120622 | Progress in bid to prevent influx of
South American beef | Progress in bid to prevent influx of South American beef -
The Scotsman}

While some producers have complained about the lack of linkage to cattle
numbers, Adam confirmed the European Commission had made it clear that BES could
not be a coupled scheme and there was no option to bolster beef production by
pushing further funds into the current beef calf scheme.

"It is worth reminding those who are swithering that for those who sign up and
decide it is not for them, we have assurance from the Scottish Government that
they can withdraw without penalty up until payment by Scottish Government in
2017. However, if you don't sign up by 31 May, then the opportunity is lost.

"That said, the union will keep pushing for the scheme to be adapted to allow
new entrants to join and for developing business to be taken better into
account."

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                            February 22, 2016 Monday

Portugal offers to take in limited mix of extra refugees

LENGTH: 586  words


The picture, taken on February 20, 2016, shows refugees on a rubber boat on
their way from Turkey to the Greek northern island of Lesbos. (By AFP)

Portugal has offered to take in up to 5,800 extra refugees from countries
struggling to cope with the influx of asylum seekers into Europe to boost its
workforce with skilled laborers and students and help maintain its population.

Portugal's Prime Minister Antonio Costa last week sent letters to Austria,
Greece, Italy and Sweden - some of the countries that have been bearing the
brunt of the refugee influx - and said that Lisbon can welcome up to 5,800 more
asylum seekers on top of the 4,500 it has already agreed to take.

The southern European country plans to take 2,500 to 3,000 refugees qualified in
the agriculture and forestry fields, 2,000 university students, and 800
vocational students.

"These are the sectors that lack manpower and are being forced to recruit
workers in Vietnam and Thailand," the Portuguese government said.

According to the head of the Portuguese Refugee Council Teresa Tito Morais,
those areas constitute "the jobs that the Portuguese do not take."

Portugal, a country of 10.5 million people, has been hammered by the global
financial crisis. Almost half a million Portuguese have left the country either
permanently or temporarily in search of jobs in the last four years.
Unemployment remains high at 12 percent.

"The arrival of refugees will benefit the regions in the country that have
become deserted," Morais said, adding, however, that Portugal is little known
and "needs to make its voice heard to migrants arriving in Europe."

Lisbon has taken just 32 asylum seekers so far. The country's ambassador to
Greece, Rui Alberto Tereno, recently paid a visit to a Greek refugee camp in a
bid to encourage the asylum seekers to travel to the sunny coastal country.

The picture, taken on February 20, 2016, shows a child among refugees taken
aboard a Greek coast guard ship from a rubber boat that was on its way from
Turkey to the Greek northern island of Lesbos. (By AFP)

Portugal's birth rate is the lowest in the European Union (EU). According to the
National Institute of Statistics in Portugal, if the current trend continues,
the country could lose 20 percent of its population by 2060, dropping from the
current 10.5 to 8.6 million people.

Europe is facing an unprecedented inflow of refugees, who are fleeing
conflict-hit zones in North Africa and the Middle East, particularly Syria. Many
blame major European powers for the exodus, saying their policies have led to a
surge in terrorism and wars, forcing people out of their homes.

According to figures released by the International Organization for Migration
(IOM), more than one million refugees reached Europe's shores by crossing the
Mediterranean Sea in 2015. Over 3,770 people died in their hazardous journey to
the continent.

The Portuguese offer comes at a time when most other countries in Europe,
particularly those on the so-called external borders of the continent, have been
struggling with the huge numbers of refugee arrivals. The issue has triggered a
debate within the EU on how to fairly distribute the refugees in member
countries, which differ from one another - sometimes largely - in terms of
economic strength.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/55/145617862672.jpg

The picture, taken on February 20, 2016, shows refugees on a rubber boat on
their way from Turkey to the Greek northern island of Lesbos. (By AFP)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/9/145617862990.jpg



LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

In another country

LENGTH: 1021 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Jan. 15 -- The influx of Bhutani refugees in eastern Nepal had made many
residents of Jhapa, the easternmost state of Nepal, unhappy, two decades ago.
The local governments were not ready to accommodate a large influx of people.
Consequently, public service delivery was stretched to its limits. The incoming
groups' different cultural backgrounds incited frequent conflicts between locals
and refugees. Slowly, the locals and the refugees adjusted to the situation, and
the locals even employed refugees, who provided cheap labor, in construction and
agriculture. However, now that refugees have started relocating to western
countries, many Jhapalis are unhappy, again.

Of course, there were social ills in Jhapa even before the refugees arrived, but
the arrival of Bhutani refugees and their subsequent resettlement in camps
aggravated many of these social problems. For example, youth unemployment was
already a significant problem. After their arrival, the refugees provided their
labor and services at very low prices, since they were not legally permitted to
work. Local unemployed youths did not view this favorably, and conflict ensued.

Refugees were also accused of bringing with them an acceptance of a culture of
multiple spouses. Elders of local communities in Jhapa disapproved of this
practice among the refugees. However, in the last two decades, the practice has
seeped into the local culture. As a result, younger locals in communities next
to refugee camps have also started taking multiple wives. This has created
conflicts between older and younger generations of locals in communities
surrounding the refugee camps in Jhapa.

Locals in surrounding communities also mention that in comparison to them, the
refugees were more knowledgeable about medicinal herbs. They could identify
medicinal herbs and plants in the forests around the camps. Since they were not
allowed to work legally, many refugees took to the forests and collected these
herbs, and sold them as a way to earn money. Locals accused them of
over-harvesting the local forests, which ultimately affects the well being of
the forests.

Because their incomes were limited, refugees could not afford fuel, and resorted
to procuring firewood from nearby community forests. As a result, locals still
accuse them of destroying local community forests by cutting down trees for
firewood and by excessively grazing their cattle. The illegal use of community
forests' resources created a variety of conflicts between the refugee population
and the locals. A consequence of blaming refugees for deforestation was that, in
multiple occasions, family and friends of refugees who died in camps were
declined necessary wood for cremation by the locals and community forestry
groups.

Life continued in the refugee camps and in surrounding communities despite, and
even amidst, various disagreements and conflicts. Slowly, the two sides learnt
to live with each other. However, those among the locals who had failed to adapt
to changing conditions had hoped that rehabilitation efforts by various
agencies, such as the International Organization for Migration, would take care
of the refugee nuisance, thus bringing good old peaceful times back. But current
rehabilitation and resettlement efforts for refugees have not brought back the
desired peace and harmony to the local communities. Instead, they have ushered
in new sets of problems.

There has been an increase in intra-camp conflicts between refugees who want to
leave, and those who don't. Those who wish to leave cannot be faulted for their
choice, because they have been stateless for over two decades, without any hope
of obtaining a citizenship in Nepal. For the sake of their own future and of
their children's, resettlement in America, Canada or Australia is an enticing
offer. It gives them an opportunity of citizenship and larger rights as an
option to remaining stateless for who knows how many more years. Also, many have
accepted the reality that Bhutan is not likely to ever accept them back.

The refugees who stay behind believe that seeking asylum represents a win for
the brutal Bhutani monarchy.

However, a group of refugees who choose to stay behind in the camps abhor these
asylum seekers. Those who have decided to stay behind claim to do so in order to
keep fighting for their principles and rights. They believe that seeking asylum
in the west represents a win for the brutal Bhutani monarchy, and a defeat for
those who champion democratic ideals. Resettlement has polarized the camp
population into factions, increasing intra-camp conflicts. Many have been hurt,
a few even killed, during demonstrations and subsequent altercations between the
two groups.

Those that have successfully resettled in the western countries frequently send
remittance money to their friends and family left behind in camps in Jhapa.
While remittance money helps refugees in camps to afford essentials and luxury
goods that were beyond their means earlier, it has also fueled an increase in
drug use among camp members, according to the locals in surrounding communities.
As a result, locals accuse those left behind in camps as being "criminal types",
who are going to spoil the current and next generation of locals. Such
accusations have further increased conflicts between refugees and locals.

There have also been economic impacts of the resettlement efforts. Local
entrepreneurs who had spent exorbitant amounts of money to buy land and build
shops near camp sites have suffered huge losses due to these efforts. Land and
rent prices have fallen sharply in the surrounding areas. Local youths who went
for overseas employment because they could not compete with cheap refugee labor
are not coming back any time soon to work locally. So, local businesses now have
a hard time finding sufficient labor. And thus the communities in Jhapa
surrounding the refugee camp sites are back to being unhappy, again. Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                            January 19, 2007 Friday

Sale expanded to two days

SECTION: FARMING; FARMING; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 106 words


A large influx of ewes has resulted in the Hawarden Ewe Fair being expanded to a
two-day sale.

The sale, normally held over one day, will have a total of about 28,000 ewes
presented for bidding on January 26 and January 29.

On the first day corriedale and half-bred ewes will go under the hammer.

These ewes will belong to farmers who have previously sold sheep at the ewe
fair.

The following day will see bidding of romney and crossbred ewes as well as
corriedale and half-bred ewes owned by vendors at the sale for the first time.

Changing farm policies and the number of first-time sellers attracted to the ewe
fair are behind the influx.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Weather likely to change face of aquaculture

BYLINE: Caitlin Jarvis

LENGTH: 376 words


Oysters have long been a delicacy for those who enjoy them; and Tasmania's
oysters have carved a reputation for being some of the best in the world.

Australian producers have long been breeding and bolstering their own stock with
oyster spat from the small island.

However, the Tasmanian oyster industry has become the first casualty in our
booming agriculture and aquaculture industry that will have to adapt and change
to increased extreme weather activity.

A second weather-related impact has occurred at George's Bay on the East Coast
this week after a severe weather event lead to an overflow of sewage at the
Esplanade Sewage Pump Station.

The overflow caused an influx of e-coli bacteria into the bay and forced five
oyster suppliers and one claim fisher to close.

Lease 65 oyster farm's Craig Lockwood told The Examiner any rain event with more
than 30mm of rain forced them to close their farm because of the influx of
bacteria.

Early last year the industry was decimated with the discovery of Pacific Oyster
Mortality Syndrome at a Pitt Water oyster lease. It was the first time POMS had
been found in Tasmania.

POMS is a virus that puts oysters to sleep but their open shells leave them
vulnerable to predators. It has a high mortality rate.

Warmer water temperatures are being investigated as the possible culprit that
allowed POMS to flourish where it had never been detected before.

Since the find early last year, POMS remained dormant over the winter months,
kept at bay by cooler water temperatures, but resurfaced late last year when the
water temperatures heat up.

Climate change science is often contentious, some believe in it and others
don't.

However, in the past year alone, Tasmania has experienced an increase in extreme
weather events, from bushfires to floods.

Tasmania's oyster industry may be one of the first to evolve as a result of this
impact but it won't be the last.

Extreme weather events are likely to become more frequent and farmers will need
to be on the front foot - as they always have been - to minimise the impact of
Mother Nature.

The oyster industry has some way to go, a POMS-resistant variety of oyster is
still months away yet and a way forward to minimise the impact of e-coli
contamination will likely be on the cards.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Weather likely to change face of aquaculture

BYLINE: Caitlin Jarvis

LENGTH: 376 words


Oysters have long been a delicacy for those who enjoy them; and Tasmania's
oysters have carved a reputation for being some of the best in the world.

Australian producers have long been breeding and bolstering their own stock with
oyster spat from the small island.

However, the Tasmanian oyster industry has become the first casualty in our
booming agriculture and aquaculture industry that will have to adapt and change
to increased extreme weather activity.

A second weather-related impact has occurred at George's Bay on the East Coast
this week after a severe weather event lead to an overflow of sewage at the
Esplanade Sewage Pump Station.

The overflow caused an influx of e-coli bacteria into the bay and forced five
oyster suppliers and one claim fisher to close.

Lease 65 oyster farm's Craig Lockwood told The Examiner any rain event with more
than 30mm of rain forced them to close their farm because of the influx of
bacteria.

Early last year the industry was decimated with the discovery of Pacific Oyster
Mortality Syndrome at a Pitt Water oyster lease. It was the first time POMS had
been found in Tasmania.

POMS is a virus that puts oysters to sleep but their open shells leave them
vulnerable to predators. It has a high mortality rate.

Warmer water temperatures are being investigated as the possible culprit that
allowed POMS to flourish where it had never been detected before.

Since the find early last year, POMS remained dormant over the winter months,
kept at bay by cooler water temperatures, but resurfaced late last year when the
water temperatures heat up.

Climate change science is often contentious, some believe in it and others
don't.

However, in the past year alone, Tasmania has experienced an increase in extreme
weather events, from bushfires to floods.

Tasmania's oyster industry may be one of the first to evolve as a result of this
impact but it won't be the last.

Extreme weather events are likely to become more frequent and farmers will need
to be on the front foot - as they always have been - to minimise the impact of
Mother Nature.

The oyster industry has some way to go, a POMS-resistant variety of oyster is
still months away yet and a way forward to minimise the impact of e-coli
contamination will likely be on the cards.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                            January 23, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Weather likely to change face of aquaculture

BYLINE: Caitlin Jarvis

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 376 words


Oysters have long been a delicacy for those who enjoy them; and Tasmania's
oysters have carved a reputation for being some of the best in the world.

Australian producers have long been breeding and bolstering their own stock with
oyster spat from the small island.

However, the Tasmanian oyster industry has become the first casualty in our
booming agriculture and aquaculture industry that will have to adapt and change
to increased extreme weather activity.

A second weather-related impact has occurred at George's Bay on the East Coast
this week after a severe weather event lead to an overflow of sewage at the
Esplanade Sewage Pump Station.

The overflow caused an influx of e-coli bacteria into the bay and forced five
oyster suppliers and one claim fisher to close.

Lease 65 oyster farm's Craig Lockwood told The Examiner any rain event with more
than 30mm of rain forced them to close their farm because of the influx of
bacteria.

Early last year the industry was decimated with the discovery of Pacific Oyster
Mortality Syndrome at a Pitt Water oyster lease. It was the first time POMS had
been found in Tasmania.

POMS is a virus that puts oysters to sleep but their open shells leave them
vulnerable to predators. It has a high mortality rate.

Warmer water temperatures are being investigated as the possible culprit that
allowed POMS to flourish where it had never been detected before.

Since the find early last year, POMS remained dormant over the winter months,
kept at bay by cooler water temperatures, but resurfaced late last year when the
water temperatures heat up.

Climate change science is often contentious, some believe in it and others
don't.

However, in the past year alone, Tasmania has experienced an increase in extreme
weather events, from bushfires to floods.

Tasmania's oyster industry may be one of the first to evolve as a result of this
impact but it won't be the last.

Extreme weather events are likely to become more frequent and farmers will need
to be on the front foot - as they always have been - to minimise the impact of
Mother Nature.

The oyster industry has some way to go, a POMS-resistant variety of oyster is
still months away yet and a way forward to minimise the impact of e-coli
contamination will likely be on the cards.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           February 10, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: CONCERN AT RISE IN MIGRANT WORKERS

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


The expansion of the European Union could lead to an influx of migrant workers
into the Vale of Evesham in Worcestershire for jobs in the packing industry.

A report by Wychavon District Council said the expansion of the EU in May would
allow people from ten new countries to travel legally to the UK to work.

Britain and Ireland are the only EU members planning to allow workers from the
new member states to work.

Wychavon fears an influx of workers could place a strain on the housing stock in
the Vale, which already has more than 1,000 people travelling to the area each
day to work in packhouses under the control of gangmasters.

The gangmasters supply casual labour to packhouses in the area and although most
travel from places like Birmingham, councillors fear the housing stock could be
placed under strain.

The findings were published in a report by the Vale of Evesham Agriculture and
Food Distribution Panel, which was set up to look at agricultural practices in
the area.

The report, which also looked at traffic problems on country lanes, changes in
growing patterns, and the emergence of high volume food packing, will become
part of the district plan, which sets out a planning blueprint for the area.

Coun Audrey Steel (Con Inkberrow), chairman of the panel, said: 'It could have
an impact on the present housing stock as more and more families want to come
and live where they work.'

The panel also looked at gangmasters in the area and has recommended the council
works with the Learning and Skills Council to set up a pilot training scheme for
migrant workers in the Vale.

It also called on the Government to commission a detailed study to assess the
use of casual labour in agriculture and horticulture as well as look at the
social impacts of the expansion of the EU.

Coun Steel said: 'The other major issue in the Vale is the workers and the
conditions in which they work.

'Some of the packhouses are superb and provide very good conditions in terms of
health and safety.

'There are some that do leave something to be desired and we are recommending
these are brought up to standard.' The panel said problems caused by some
disreputable gangmasters can include payments below the minimal wage, long hours
without days off, poor living accommodation and use of underage workers.

Traffic problems in the Vale, were also of major concern with fears the current
road structure could hamper progress in the Vale in the future.

The report calls for better signage in different languages to help foreign lorry
drivers find their way around more easily.

'We have big lorries with foreign drivers who don't know where they are going.

'If there is better signage in foreign languages it would be so helpful and
something we are recommending,' Coun Steel said.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              211 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           February 10, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: CONCERN AT RISE IN MIGRANT WORKERS

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 472 words


The expansion of the European Union could lead to an influx of migrant workers
into the Vale of Evesham in Worcestershire for jobs in the packing industry.

A report by Wychavon District Council said the expansion of the EU in May would
allow people from ten new countries to travel legally to the UK to work.

Britain and Ireland are the only EU members planning to allow workers from the
new member states to work.

Wychavon fears an influx of workers could place a strain on the housing stock in
the Vale, which already has more than 1,000 people travelling to the area each
day to work in packhouses under the control of gangmasters.

The gangmasters supply casual labour to packhouses in the area and although most
travel from places like Birmingham, councillors fear the housing stock could be
placed under strain.

The findings were published in a report by the Vale of Evesham Agriculture and
Food Distribution Panel, which was set up to look at agricultural practices in
the area.

The report, which also looked at traffic problems on country lanes, changes in
growing patterns, and the emergence of high volume food packing, will become
part of the district plan, which sets out a planning blueprint for the area.

Coun Audrey Steel (Con Inkberrow), chairman of the panel, said: 'It could have
an impact on the present housing stock as more and more families want to come
and live where they work.'

The panel also looked at gangmasters in the area and has recommended the council
works with the Learning and Skills Council to set up a pilot training scheme for
migrant workers in the Vale.

It also called on the Government to commission a detailed study to assess the
use of casual labour in agriculture and horticulture as well as look at the
social impacts of the expansion of the EU.

Coun Steel said: 'The other major issue in the Vale is the workers and the
conditions in which they work.

'Some of the packhouses are superb and provide very good conditions in terms of
health and safety.

'There are some that do leave something to be desired and we are recommending
these are brought up to standard.' The panel said problems caused by some
disreputable gangmasters can include payments below the minimal wage, long hours
without days off, poor living accommodation and use of underage workers.

Traffic problems in the Vale, were also of major concern with fears the current
road structure could hamper progress in the Vale in the future.

The report calls for better signage in different languages to help foreign lorry
drivers find their way around more easily.

'We have big lorries with foreign drivers who don't know where they are going.

'If there is better signage in foreign languages it would be so helpful and
something we are recommending,' Coun Steel said.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              212 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                             May 9, 1998, Saturday

Subsidy backflip alarms farmers

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: MERYMENT E

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 524 words


FARMING groups yesterday expressed alarm over United States plans to reactivate
subsidies for key industries, possibly including the dairy and wheat sectors.

US secretary of agriculture Dan Glickman announced the American Export
Enhancement Programme would be reactivated to help subsidise ailing agricultural
sectors.

The subsidies would immediately apply to some chicken and dairy goods and could
later include wheat _ one of Australia's key export sectors. Deputy Prime
Minister Tim Fischer and Primary Industries Minister John Anderson both said
they were "disappointed" by the decision which sent a bad message to the world.

Mr Fischer said he would raise Australia's concerns when he attended the World
Trade Organisation summit this month.

"The US has previously given assurances that EEP will not be used against
Australia's traditional markets but the timing of the announcement on the eve of
the WTO meeting in Geneva later this month is most unfortunate," he said. "I am
concerned that this sends a bad signal to the WTO . . . (the EEP) has been the
subject of strong protest by Australia in the past."

National Farmers Federation executive director Wendy Craik said the US move was
alarming.

The EEP decision to reactivate subsidies stands in contrast to the plight of
Australian producers.

Mr Fischer said the World Trade Organisation was unlikely to grant Australian
pig farmers subsidy relief despite the crisis in the local pork market.

The industry bodies blamed the Federal Government's "free trade" policy which
has allowed an influx of cheap Canadian pork into Australia since last year.

Mr Fischer's spokesman said the Government was investigating the "real crisis"
in the industry but it was doubtful pig farmers would "meet the criteria" for
special relief under WTO guidelines.

The comments follow the revelation yesterday that Queensland pork producers have
been shooting animals because they can no longer afford to feed them.

The pork market has crashed to its lowest level in 30 years.

The Queensland Pork Producers Association and the Pork Council of Australia said
farmers had been forced to slaughter their animals after the plummet in pig meat
prices.

PCA spokesman Michael Parolin said he believed Australia could benefit from the
WTO's exceptional circumstances provisions.

He said foreign imports could be stopped under a WTO rule which offered relief
to farmers who were suffering because of an influx of foreign produce on to the
local market. But Mr Fischer's spokesman said Australia was unrepentant about
its stance on free trade and said the crash in pig meat prices had probably not
been caused solely by imports.

He said Australia did not want to jeopardise its free trade by protecting the
pork industry.

"We are strongly in favour of trade liberalisation and it would not go unnoticed
by our world trading partners if we changed our stance."

Mr Anderson said the Government had acted swiftly to investigate problems in the
pig industry.

Opposition backbencher Kerry O'Brien said the situation for pork producers was
"catastrophic" if farmers had to shoot their animals.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              213 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                October 31, 2014

Poultry Production on the Decline

LENGTH: 236 words


The Zimbabwe Poultry Association says this year's production target of 78
million day old chicks will not be met due to influx of cheap chicken imports.

Zimbabwe imports most of its chicken from South Africa and Brazil.

ZPA chairperson Mr Solomon Zawe said the industry was at risk of collapse if
measures were not put in place to curb imports.

"Production is very bad and the industry is collapsing. Last year we produced 64
million chicks and we were targeting to produce 78 million this year but so far
we have produced only 38 million with 7,5 million in June as the highest
production month," he said.

"The industry is flooded with chickens we do not know whether it has grown big
or people do not have money to buy or it is because of imports."

Mr Zawe said the huge influx had negatively impacted the local industry to an
extent that breeders were failing to find buyers even for discounted chicken.

"We are desperate and we are sweating. Some are now selling live birds $3 but
still they cannot find takers," he said.

He, however, said despite the challenges they would soldier on.

"We are down but not out," he said.

Poultry breeding and production in Zimbabwe is commercially based and includes
thousands of indigenous producers in communal areas and in backyards in urban
areas.

The Zimbabwe Government in 2012 imposed import duty of $1,50 per kilogramme on
imported chicken but this has done little to curb imports.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                           September 13, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Games may hide people smugglers

BYLINE: Paul Gilbride

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 220 words


MSPS fear next year's Commonwealth Games could lead to an influx of human
trafficking victims.

The European Commission's antitrafficking co-ordinator, Myria Vassiliadou, has
urged the Scottish Government to make people who procure sex and consumer goods
from victims its top anti-trafficking priority.

Studies have shown that authorities must be vigilant to human traf-ficking
during large sporting events, she told Holyrood's European and External
Relations Committee.

Human trafficking is worth £20billion, Ms Vassiliadou said, equivalent to around
two-thirds of the entire Scottish Budget, and three-fifths (61 per cent) of
victims of trafficking in the EU are EU citizens.

Victims are trafficked for sex, forced labour in sectors such as construction,
agriculture and benefit fraud and for crime and organ removal.

Labour MSP Hanzala Malik said: "We're going to have the Commonwealth Games in
Glasgow and, like many others, I am very fearful that nearer the time there may
be an influx of victims.

"We would like to think that we are reasonably clean compared to our
counterparts around Europe and we wish to retain that reputation. It's a very
big event for us in terms of history, therefore, we are very nervous." Ms
Vassiliadou said: "It's very important when it comes to largescale events,
especially sporting events."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2013 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

UN: Syria refugee crisis hurting region's economy

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 328 words


BERLIN (AP) The exodus of Syrians from their country threatens economic
development throughout the Middle East because neighboring nations cannot cope
with the influx of refugees, a top U.N. official said Monday. A U.S. diplomat,
meanwhile, called for an action plan to deal with the extraordinary refugee
crisis.

The conflict in the Arab state, which began as an uprising in March 2011 and has
evolved into a civil war, has claimed more than 100,000 lives and driven another
7 million around a third of Syria's pre-war population from their homes. At
least 2.1 million Syrians have fled the country entirely, and many are now in
Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Turkey, which are straining to aid the newcomers.

Helen Clark, the head of the U.N. development agency, told a gathering in
Geneva, Switzerland, that aside from being a humanitarian crisis, the refugee
influx also threatens the economies of the various states in the region
affecting trade, agriculture, tourism, employment and water use.

By the end of the year, she said, nearly 25 percent of Lebanon's population will
consist of refugees. The figure has already reached 10 percent in Jordan.

"Clearly the costs on host communities and countries cannot be borne by them
alone," Clark said.

Also speaking at the U.N. in Geneva was U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William
Burns, who described the crisis as "the world's largest mass displacement in
over three decades."

"More people have been displaced from Syria than from genocide in Rwanda or
ethnic cleansing in the Balkans," he said, noting that half of those identified
as refugees, meaning they've left Syrian soil, are children.

Burns called for an action plan to address the challenges posed by the refugee
crisis, and pushed for an increase in support to governments and communities
hosting the displaced Syrians. He also called for an increase in humanitarian
aid to ease the suffering inside the country, where rebels are trying to oust
President Bashar Assad.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

UN: Syria refugee crisis threatens regional economy

SECTION: B; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 328 words


BERLIN - The exodus of Syrians from their country threatens economic development
throughout the Middle East because neighbouring nations cannot cope with the
influx of refugees, a top UN official said Monday. A U.S. diplomat, meanwhile,
called for an action plan to deal with the extraordinary refugee crisis.

The conflict in the Arab state, which began as an uprising in March 2011 and has
evolved into a civil war, has claimed more than 100,000 lives and driven another
seven million - around a third of Syria's pre-war population - from their homes.
At least 2.1 million Syrians have fled the country entirely, and many are now in
Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Turkey, which are straining to aid the newcomers.

Helen Clark, the head of the UN development agency, told a gathering in Geneva,
Switzerland, that aside from being a humanitarian crisis, the refugee influx
also threatens the economies of the various states in the region - affecting
trade, agriculture, tourism, employment and water use.

By the end of the year, she said, nearly 25 per cent of Lebanon's population
will consist of refugees. The figure has already reached 10 per cent in Jordan.

"Clearly the costs on host communities and countries cannot be borne by them
alone," Clark said.

Also speaking at the UN in Geneva was U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William
Burns, who described the crisis as "the world's largest mass displacement in
over three decades."

"More people have been displaced from Syria than from genocide in Rwanda or
ethnic cleansing in the Balkans," he said, noting that half of those identified
as refugees, meaning they've left Syrian soil, are children.

Burns called for an action plan to address the challenges posed by the refugee
crisis, and pushed for an increase in support to governments and communities
hosting the displaced Syrians. He also called for an increase in humanitarian
aid to ease the suffering inside the country, where rebels are trying to oust
President Bashar Assad.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                              July 5, 2009 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

CROSSBOW VOTE IN NEW GAME BOARD MEMBERS' HANDS

BYLINE: John Hayes, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: OUTDOORS; NOTEBOOK; Pg. D-11

LENGTH: 700 words


Moments after the board of the Pennsylvania Game Commission welcomes its newest
members at its summer meeting Wednesday and Thursday, it will hold their feet to
the fire in a vote on the future of crossbow hunting in the state.

The votes of new members Robert W. Schlemmer Sr. of Export and David J. Putnam
of Centre Hall, Centre County, could bring a sense of consistency to a board
that has been flip-flopping on the issue all year.

In January, the board voted to legalize the use of crossbows during archery deer
and bear seasons, but banned the use of magnifying scopes mounted to crossbows.
In April, the board amended its decision with a regulatory change that allowed
hunters to mount the scopes.

Since the initial vote, three members -- Roxane Palone, Russell Schleiden and H.
Daniel Hill -- have left the board, and a proposal for a new crossbow
restriction has been requested.

This week, as the new board is seated (one of eight seats remains vacant),
they'll consider board member Ron Weaner's proposal. Under it, crossbow use
would be restricted to the first two weeks of the statewide early archery deer
season. Crossbows would be permitted to be used by disabled hunters with a
permit to use a crossbow for the remainder of the early archery season, as well
as all of the late archery season; would continue to be legal for all deer
seasons, including the early and late archery seasons, in WMUs 2B, 5C and 5D;
would be permitted to be used during the two-day archery bear season by disabled
hunters with a permit to use a crossbow; and would be permitted to be used by
muzzleloader deer hunters who have a muzzleloader license.

The new board members come to the job with experience in a science-based
approach to wildlife management and an interest in youth programs.

Schlemmer, founder and CEO of Delmont North Industrial Park, has been a
volunteer deputy Wildlife Conservation Officer for the Game Commission since
1974. He recently chaired the Governor's Advisory Council for Hunting, Fishing
and Conservation. He worked on a chronic wasting disease task force for the
Department of Agriculture, and helped develop hunter safety programs for the
International Council for Outdoor Education. With the Sportsmen's and
Landowners' Alliance of Murrysville, he reduced the impact of a serious urban
deer problem by opening Westmoreland County parks to archery and muzzleloader
hunting.

"About 15 years ago, there were about 425 [deer] roadkills a year in
Murrysville," said Schlemmer. "It's reduced now to where you see 2-3 a week. I
like that kind of organization. It's local -- it can get its teeth into it."

A longtime bow hunter, Schlemmer said he reserves comment on his crossbow
decision until conferring with other board members.

Putnam is an independent biologist who worked with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife
Service from 1979-2007. He conducted studies of the Allegheny River basin and
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers projects on the Ohio and Monongahela Rivers. At
Penn State, Putnam worked on a wild turkey trap and transfer program. He later
helped to establish sustainable ring-necked pheasant brood habitat.

Putnam describes the crossbow decision as "primarily a social issue" in which
many recurve, and compound bow users fear an influx of new hunters entering the
woods during archery seasons. In a recent letter to United Bowhunters of
Pennsylvania president Wes Waldron, Putnam cited statistics from states where
crossbows are legal and wrote that he's leaning toward voting against the
crossbow proposal and for less restricted use.

"I do believe that we are not dealing with a resource issue here as much as a
perception that an influx of 100,000 heathens will diminish the enjoyment and
success of the archers who have worked for the past 58 years to get us where we
are," Putnam wrote. "... While some people are decrying the influx of new
hunters in the fall, I see this as good news. If we can get that many people to
return to hunting that would be a good thing. ... I am hopeful that we will
expand the opportunity ..."

Last month, Gov. Rendell nominated Ralph Anthony Martone of New Castle to fill
the seat vacated by Hill. The state senate has yet to vote on Martone's
nomination.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              218 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Western Morning News (Plymouth, UK)

                           January 12, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

West farmland now selling at average of £10,000 an acre

BYLINE: PETER HALL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 467 words


The value of farmland in England has reached a record average high of £9,100 per
acre, with equipped farmland in the South West beating the national figure,
selling at an average price of £10,000 an acre. The Westcountry is also the most
active in both sales and acreage but the supply of farmland coming onto the
market in the region remains very limited, according to specialist estate agents
Smiths Gore. The national agents, who merged with long-established Stratton &
Holborow in Truro, Exeter and St Mellion in 2011, marketed 14 new-instruction
Westcountry farms in the final quarter of 2012.

With an all-time national low in the amount of land becoming available, both
bare and equipped farmland values are at historic high levels. Bare-land values
rose 6% in those last three months.

"Bare-land values have risen strongly, by 6% in the final quarter and by a total
of 17% over 2012," said Simon Derby, of Smiths Gore's Taunton office. In the
South West average values stand at £5,800 an acre for pasture. "By comparison
the performance of equipped properties was weaker in 2012, with values holding
constant in the final quarter, and increasing by a total of 3% during the year,"
said Mr Derby.

"Looking at their relative performance over recent years we can see that bare
land has been the better investment, increasing in value by 46% over the last
three years and 57% since the start of the recession in 2008.

By comparison, equipped values have increased 34% over the last three years and
by 15% since the start of the recession."

Mr Derby said farmland had performed well compared with other investments, such
as residential property, which rose by just 1% in 2012, and commercial property,
which rose on average by 2.6%.

He added: "Supply is limited across the Westcountry, but there are still a lot
of people seeking to buy. There is an influx of people from the South East
wanting to move into the area, but this is more of a lifestyle decision, so they
are predominantly looking for land with a residential element.

"Investors with sporting interests also make up a percentage of the buying
quota, and so farms with sporting value are also proving popular."

But there had been a 30% annual drop in the amount of land marketed nationally
last year, at just 90,500 acres. In the 1970s the amount was consistently over
400,000 acres per year. "You might expect that high prices would tempt more
landowners to sell, but other factors may have a stronger influence on the
market during 2013," he said.

"Our previous analysis has shown that the amount of land for sale reduces before
a reform of the EU Common Agricultural Policy. "

'Supply is limited across the Westcountry, but there are still a lot of people
seeking to buy. There is an influx of people from the South East' Simon Derby of
Smiths Gore

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WMN


                 Copyright 2013 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            August 25, 1995, Friday

BORDER TRADE ALLIANCE BACKS LIFTING BAN ON AVOCADOS

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 184 words


The Border Trade Alliance has written to the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
support a proposed partial lifting of a ban on Hass avocados grown in Mexico.

The USDA's Animal Plant Health Inspection Service (Aphis) has proposed a partial
lifting of a ban on avocados, under a strict monitoring and control rocess
designed to stem the influx of crop-destroying fruit flies.

Public hearings were held recently in Washington, and the border trade group
wrote to the Aphis regulatory analysis and development office and to Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman, supporting the partial lifting of the ban.

"With all the precautions being taken, there is no further reason to limit the
entry of Hass avocados during the proposed periods of the year," wrote William
V. Stephenson, BTA chairman. "Continuing to do so goes against the principle
that the U.S. has championed globally - the abolishment of non- tariff
barriers."

The BTA said that Mexico exports avocados to more than 20 countries without
causing fruit fly problems.

California avocado growers staunchly oppose lifting the ban.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: See related article on page 8A: USDA Aims To Block Mexico-Canada
Flyway.

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              220 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Worst farm weather disaster since 1947'

BYLINE: Adam Kula

LENGTH: 541  words


THIS is Northern Ireland's worst weather-related farming disaster in living
memory.

That is according to the accounts which one rendering plant operator is hearing
from elderly farmers, as his factory works to keep pace with the grim influx of
bodies arriving from the countryside.

Contractors are facing harrowing scenes of bagged-up lamb carcasses and
farmyards full of dead ewes as they collect animals for delivery to the
rendering plants.

And Richard Moore, managing director of Linergy, one of the two plants where
these lorry loads of animals end up, said: "There's farmers ringing us up
thinking they've lost their entire flocks, and there's others living in hope,
thinking its 10 or 20 animals."

The Dungannon plant has dealt with spates of dead animals from floods in recent
years.

"But I've never seen anything like this," said Mr Moore. "Some of the older
farmers, the last time they remember the hills being as bad was 1947. It's a lot
of pressure on the plant. The rendering operation is a cooking operation, and
putting through that sort of material which is very high in wool content, it
doesn't break down. It makes it much harder on the equipment, and slows it down.

"So far we're keeping ahead of it. If there's a very fast thaw I think we'll
struggle to keep up.

"But at the rate that we're progressing this week, we'll be able to keep up with
it."

There are still many animals to be found, he believes, as snow continues to
melt.

The snow crisis happened in the midst of what is already their busy season.

Most of the material the business gets is from abattoirs, rather than fallen
stock.

Normally they would charge the farmer, but the Department of Agriculture and
Rural Development is paying for rendering and collection.

Ultimately, and perhaps strangely, the fallen sheep and lambs he receives look
set to end up as a power source.

Their remains are broken down into meat-and-bone meal which is then shipped to
England for use in power plants.

They will also be turned into tallow which can be burned in Linergy's own
industrial boilers.

Tallow can also be put through a process called esterification, which turns it
into a component in biofuel.

"I have talked to men in their 80s who have never seen anything like this,"
added Mr Moore, returning to the subject of the big freeze.

"In my lifetime there's been nothing like this from weather-related factors."

However, he added that things like animal losses to disease were a different
matter altogether.

There are only so many drivers able to go out and do the collections, which he
thinks could hamper the ability to collect the carcasses quickly if they get a
big influx of calls within a short time.

The free carcass collection scheme is due to end on Monday April 15.

But Mr Moore said he imagined that the department may extend the date during
which their free collection scheme runs rather than bring down a "guillotine" on
the project at that date.

The department had always said it could extend the scheme.

Asked if it expected to do so yesterday, it said: "Arrangements have been put in
place for the costs of collection and disposal by approved renderers to be met
directly by the department for the period April 2 to April 15, which could be
extended depending on the rate of thaw.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Worst farm weather disaster since 1947'

BYLINE: Adam Kula

LENGTH: 541  words


THIS is Northern Ireland's worst weather-related farming disaster in living
memory.

That is according to the accounts which one rendering plant operator is hearing
from elderly farmers, as his factory works to keep pace with the grim influx of
bodies arriving from the countryside.

Contractors are facing harrowing scenes of bagged-up lamb carcasses and
farmyards full of dead ewes as they collect animals for delivery to the
rendering plants.

And Richard Moore, managing director of Linergy, one of the two plants where
these lorry loads of animals end up, said: "There's farmers ringing us up
thinking they've lost their entire flocks, and there's others living in hope,
thinking its 10 or 20 animals."

The Dungannon plant has dealt with spates of dead animals from floods in recent
years.

"But I've never seen anything like this," said Mr Moore. "Some of the older
farmers, the last time they remember the hills being as bad was 1947. It's a lot
of pressure on the plant. The rendering operation is a cooking operation, and
putting through that sort of material which is very high in wool content, it
doesn't break down. It makes it much harder on the equipment, and slows it down.

"So far we're keeping ahead of it. If there's a very fast thaw I think we'll
struggle to keep up.

"But at the rate that we're progressing this week, we'll be able to keep up with
it."

There are still many animals to be found, he believes, as snow continues to
melt.

The snow crisis happened in the midst of what is already their busy season.

Most of the material the business gets is from abattoirs, rather than fallen
stock.

Normally they would charge the farmer, but the Department of Agriculture and
Rural Development is paying for rendering and collection.

Ultimately, and perhaps strangely, the fallen sheep and lambs he receives look
set to end up as a power source.

Their remains are broken down into meat-and-bone meal which is then shipped to
England for use in power plants.

They will also be turned into tallow which can be burned in Linergy's own
industrial boilers.

Tallow can also be put through a process called esterification, which turns it
into a component in biofuel.

"I have talked to men in their 80s who have never seen anything like this,"
added Mr Moore, returning to the subject of the big freeze.

"In my lifetime there's been nothing like this from weather-related factors."

However, he added that things like animal losses to disease were a different
matter altogether.

There are only so many drivers able to go out and do the collections, which he
thinks could hamper the ability to collect the carcasses quickly if they get a
big influx of calls within a short time.

The free carcass collection scheme is due to end on Monday April 15.

But Mr Moore said he imagined that the department may extend the date during
which their free collection scheme runs rather than bring down a "guillotine" on
the project at that date.

The department had always said it could extend the scheme.

Asked if it expected to do so yesterday, it said: "Arrangements have been put in
place for the costs of collection and disposal by approved renderers to be met
directly by the department for the period April 2 to April 15, which could be
extended depending on the rate of thaw.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

rains

BYLINE: NC McGrath Gareth; StarNews Staff

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words

ABSTRACT

Flooding story

FULL TEXT

CAROLINA SHORES   When the Caw Caw Swamp Watershed Work Plan was created in
1964, 16.5 miles of drainage ditch were dug to protect the livelihoods of poor
farmers in the area by easing routine flooding.

The water problems of the watershed are ... direct contributing factors to the
number of farmers in the extremely low income class,

SEE rains,  A5

according to a 1964 watershed work plan agreement between the U.S. Department of
Agriculture and the Brunswick Soil and Water Conservation District.

The Caw Caw area stretches from a spot on N.C. 130 about 4 miles northwest of
Shallotte in a west-southwest direction for about 12 miles until it meets the
Waccamaw River near the South Carolina line, according to the 1964 document.

At least 18 inches were dumped onto the region during the rainfalls in early
October, according to Carolina Shores officials, causing heavy flooding in the
area.

County commissioners want to know if they can do anything to prepare the ditches
for strong rains in the future, particularly since the area has seen an influx
of new building. At a Nov. 10 agenda meeting, the commissioners authorized the
county to spend up to $30,000 on an agreement with Eric Williams of HDR
Engineering so he could review the status of the district and prepare a report.

It is an issue that we re trying very much to determine what our next step is
going to be, to try to find some way to resolve the issue for future impacts on
our local communities,  said Commissioner Randy Thompson, who represents much of
the area in the Caw Caw district.

The county plans to hold a meeting in January to discuss what can be done in the
district. Since taking over the ditches in the mid-2000s, the county has
performed maintenance on vegetation around the ditches, but is unable to perform
any action beneath the water s surface because of permitting concerns.

Has the Caw Caw itself been maintained or has it changed in its form or has it
reduced its volume to take less than it did before?  Thompson asked, adding that
he would hope to have cooperation from a federal partner.

Finding a partner and obtaining permits could be difficult, said Larry Cahoon, a
marine biologist at the University of North Carolina Wilmington who monitored
water quality in the area in the 1990s. Altering the Caw Caw area, Cahoon added,
could lead to heavier flooding in South Carolina.

That s gonna be a tough permitting job,  he said.

When the ditches that make up the drainage district were dug in 1964, there were
about 1,000 residents in the area. According to 2013 U.S. Census estimates,
Carolina Shores alone has about 3,500 residents.

The influx of residents in the area, Cahoon said, could be exacerbating the
problem   and finding a solution could be complicated because the problem is
tied to the area s natural traits.

You re wrestling with elevation, which is tough to mess with,  he said.  I can t
think of anything simple. It s a lot more than just a drainage problem.

The reason those areas are wetlands is they don t drain.

Contact Adam Wagner at 910-343-2389 or at Adam.Wagner@StarNewsOnline.com

From Page A1



Traffic backs up on U.S. 17 in early October as flooding closed the southbound
lanes near Town Creek in Brunswick County. MATT BORN/STARNEWS



Brunswick Plantation, like much of southern Brunswick County, saw extensive
flooding after storms dumped nearly 18 inches of rain on parts of the region in
early October. Now, county officials want to see if they can do anything to
better handle the next big rain event. MIKE SPENCER/STARNEWS

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Meghalaya Times (India)

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Villagers, NGOs set 2 weeks deadline to stop NST land acquisition

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: Shillong


Shillong, June 11 -- The additional land acquisition for the 'New Shillong
Township (NST)' Project seems to be wedged in rough waters with traditional
chiefs of more than 20 villages including NGOs opposing the government's move on
Tuesday. They have also issued a two-week deadline to the state government for
stopping the land acquisition.

Hundreds of villagers including traditional chiefs from more than 20 villages
besides leaders of pressure groups - KSU, FKJGP, CSWO, HNYF, on Tuesday asked
the state government to give a written assurance to stop land acquisition of
community lands in the villages of Raid Tynring and Mawpdang under Hima Khyriem
Syiemship in East Khasi hills district for the proposed development of New
Shillong Township (NST).

The decision was made in a public gathering which was organized at Diengpasoh
village - one of the affected villages from the proposed land acquisition.

The demand comes following the state government's recent notification issued on
May 17 that spelt out its intention to acquire over 2000 acres which falls under
community lands.

In the gathering the villagers decided to keep protesting against the proposed
NST project by the government and felt that the project has seriously affected
their livelihood.

Terming the decision as violation of land tenure system, KSU Mawryngkneng
president Wanlambok Kharsati said, "This move clearly shows that the government
wants to have a upper hand on the lands so that it can lease out to outside
companies but not to really ease the congestion" while arguing that if
government realizes the need to decongest the city, then it should first stop
illegal influx into the state.

Pointing out that NST residential colony proposes to accommodate a population of
2 lakh; the union president questioned the government from where it is intending
to bring such a population when the population of these villages is less than
80,000.

"The government is doing injustice and is completely wrong, if the government
feels that with the coming of NST it is going to bring development in the area,"
RTI activist Angela Rangad said.

She also said that with or without NST the people of the area are worth for
development, adding the people here deserve better health care centres,
educational institutions and better connectivity.

"The government should concentrate more on agricultural sector rather than such
projects, the agriculture sector will provide more livelihoods to the local
populace," she suggested adding "Practicing dictatorship in a democratic country
will not be entertained at any cost."

Rangbah Shnong of Mawkdup village under the Raid W Nongdhar said government
should have consulted the people of the area before making any decision.

"The Raid at any cost, will not give up the fight," he asserted.

"If government fails to comply with our demand, we will not hesitate to take the
matter forward till a logical end is reached," he threatened.

FKJGP President Joe Marwein said that the project will pose influx threat for
the state and the indigenous people of the state.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Meghalaya Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Meghalaya Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 11, 2011 Sunday

Iran paper says "politicization" of Lake Orumiyeh issue "detrimental" to country

LENGTH: 1201 words


Text of commentary by Javad Heydariyan headlined "Pot of patience overflows;
Objections over drying of Lake Orumiyeh becomes a national, security and
political issue and detrimental for nation" published by Iranian newspaper
E'temad on 5 September.

The drying up of Lake Orumiyeh's basin is taking on new dimensions day by day
and people's protests are being transformed into a national demand for the
country. Any kind of politicization or securitization of the issue is
detrimental to the country's interests. Alternately, establishments associated
with the Orumiyeh watershed region have not issued any accomplishable plan to
save the turquoise jewel of western Iran.

As reported by "E'temad" [newspaper], Lake Orumiyeh, the long-term water influx
of which averaged at 4.5bn cubic metres, due to various reasons, which the
experts attribute to poor management of water resources, has lost 3.1bn cubic
metres of its water reserves since [13]76 [1998-1999] till now and its depth
decreases by 3mm every day.

The Lake Orumiyeh crisis is following the same unbelievably sad trend of the
great Aral Sea in the [former] Soviet Union 40 years ago - a lake whose waters
were channelled to Siberia, due to a promise of a harvest and was misused by
water exploiters and cotton farmers and was destroyed forever and [as a
consequence] salt lumps displaced thousands of people and rendered millions of
tonnes of soil as saline.

During the last 15 years, the biggest salt-water lake in Iran gradually changed
into a salt pan and the scare of desertification of thousands of hectares of
surrounding even distant arable land from its shores has preoccupied experts in
vital resources. However, for years the issue of Lake Orumiyeh was never taken
up seriously as an environmental catastrophe with social aspects by the leaders
and till date when it is taking more victims, there is still no plan.

According to environmental organizations' officials, in recent years, Lake
Orumiyeh receives only 1bn cubic metres of water influx per year but this
volume, due to high evaporation and the climatic conditions of the region,
evaporates into salt layers before reaching the lake's floor. According to
ecologists' theory, water has not been poured into the lake's basin in recent
years and the heat has reduced the lake's water reserve via evaporation.
Although drought and reduction in annual precipitation around the lake's
watershed region are listed among the reasons inhibiting water influx into the
lake, excessive water exploitation, indiscriminate entry into the watershed
region alongside clumsy destructions such as the construction of Orumiyeh Bridge
has broken the heart of this colourful western Iran jewel and begun its early
death.

The national director of the plan to rescue Iran's wetlands in an interview with
"E'temad" said: "If the assumption is that drought and reduction in annual
precipitation played an important role in the ecological death of this great
wetland, then [how come] agriculture and farms surrounding the region did not
reduce and instead even increased during these years."

According to Ali Nazari-Dust, as per accurate research, more than 2bn cubic
metres of water exists in this watershed and it is not clear who manages or
utilizes this water. This is while Lake Orumiyeh requires more than 3.1bn cubic
metres but this volume has never been appropriated and the budget to implement
the plans was not approved.

On the other hand, head of the Energy Ministry's group for evaluating the
quality of water resources and environment said to "E'temad": "Climate change
and intensification of drought constitutes more than 70 per cent of the reasons
behind drying of Lake Orumiyeh such that in the last three years, not even a
drop of water went into the lake." According to Sadiqi Barati, there is no water
in Orumiyeh watershed region to be allocated to the lake and if the livelihood
of the people and problems arising from drying of Lake Orumiyeh is really
important to the officials, then they should consider accurate solutions because
only 2bn cubic metres of water exists in the watershed despite the Energy
Ministry's agreement that 3.1bn cubic metres will be allocated to the lake
[thus] there is no water to allocate."

He said: "It is a mistake for them to say that the construction of a dam is the
main reason for drying of Lake Orumiyeh because average precipitation in the
region (even in parts of Turkey) in the past 15 years has reduced considerably
such that today, there is no water in the watershed and there is no water behind
the dams and it should be accepted that there is a problem even in securing
drinking water." Barati emphasized that if there was water behind the dams, it
would have certainly been channelled towards the lake but the condition of Lake
Orumiyeh and generally, water resources in this region are to the extent that a
solution beyond customary requests should be included in the Majlis and
government agendas. However, the best moment for Lake Orumiyeh goes back to
1375-1376 [1996-1999], a time in which the lake's water level was recorded as
1278 [metres] while today it is recorded at 1271.16 [metres], which shows that
it has gone down by at least six metres. If evaporation of water at the lake is
estimated at 1,000mm per year, each day the lake's water [level] decreases by
around 3mm.

Referring to formulation of 24 plans by the cabinet for saving Lake Orumiyeh,
Nazari-Dust said: "Allocating 13,000bn tomans [around 13m dollars] could
jumpstart the rescue programmes for the crisis but this amount was never
approved and plans that were approved by international consultants and local
experts have been ignored while plans, which are less feasible under very
optimistic conditions, huge costs and high risks and might only channel 500m
cubic metres (a sixth of the volume needed) of water from Aras to Orumiyeh have
been considered in the agenda."

Although it is possible that the pressure put on the government and the Majlis
will lead to prioritization of Lake Orumiyeh's issue but the national director
of the rescue plan for Iran's wetlands believes that the two urgently approved
plans, which are practically non-implementable and fruitless should not be
adopted but by securing the funds required for the 24-fold plan by the Lake
Orumiyeh Supreme Management Council, a step towards rescuing the lake could be
taken at the beginning of winter during the commencement of the monsoon and when
water consumption in the region is reduced, the infrastructure for management of
water resources could be started.

However, the question which is posed is why does the government not table
professional and certified plans at the Majlis for acquiring budget
appropriation? This question has remained unanswered despite many efforts by
"E'temad" to get an answer from environmental organizations' officials.

Sadiqi Barati, Energy Ministry's environmental official, also believes that "If
all the water in Orumiyeh dams is released into Lake Orumiyeh without it being
used for drinking or agriculture, there would still be no water influx into the
lake to take it back to 1376 [1998-1999] days of splendour!"

Source: E'temad website, Tehran, in Persian 05 Sep 11

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                             March 25, 2014 Tuesday

Port St Johns on a rocky road to despair

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 647 words


Ex-tourism jewel loses sparkle as migration takes its toll on town
 ONCE considered the jewel in the Wild Coast tourism crown, Port St Johns today
is rundown, dirty, polluted and offers very little to tourists.
 A recent visit by a Daily Dispatch team to the town found that:


 lCattle and goats freely roam the streets eating from dustbins;
 lThe main road into town is riddled with potholes;
 lHawkers clog the sidewalks while taxis cause congestion;
 lEffluent had pooled outside the local tourism office and was flowing into the
Mzimvubu River;
 lAn influx of people is placing strain on the town's already overburdened
services; and
 lThe destruction of environmentally sensitive forests by squatters around the
town is widespread.
 Locals have attributed the decay mainly to an increase in the number of people
moving to Port St Johns.
 Dries van der Merwe, chairman of the 350-odd strong local ratepayers
association, said Port St Johns had changed from a laid-back residential town to
a commercial centre.
 "The town's infrastructure is not enough to cope with the massive influx," he
said.
 It's a view shared by local businessman, conservationist and author, John
Costello, who has lived in Port St Johns since 1967.
 "Due to transport costs and the demise of trading stores, it works out cheaper
for people getting their social grants to move to the town and squat," he said.

 Costello said the streets of Port St Johns were degraded by litter which
included refuse, animal and human waste.
 "Stray animals, unregulated livestock trading and hawkers butchering meat on
the sidewalks are just some of the problems adding to the unhygienic
conditions," he said.
 Acknowledging the town faced a number of challenges, Port St Johns mayor
Mnyamezeli Mangqo said the municipality was addressing them. "An animal pound
will be built and its operations will be drawn and accounted to the bylaws,"
said Mangqo, adding that the department of public works had agreed to help with
fixing the roads and work was expected to start soon.
 The sewerage problem presented a different challenge. Mangqo said the town
still used a sceptic tank system but a "high water table" interfered with it,
resulting in the pool of sewage outside the tourism office. Population growth
placed additional strain on the system, however the municipality is in talks
with OR Tambo District Municipality to develop a wastewater treatment plant for
the town.
 In an effort to stop deforestation, the municipality has engaged the department
of agriculture, forestry and fisheries (Daff) to assist. "The future plan is
Daff must issue permits that will confirm the appropriateness of this activity
which will then be communicated to the whole community as a means of raising
awareness," said Mangqo. Daff had not responded to questions from the Daily
Dispatch at the time of going to print.
 Eastern Cape Parks and Tourism CEO Luxolo Rubushe said while the agency was
concerned at the state of Port St Johns, there were plans in the pipeline to
turn things around.
 He said the town had been earmarked as a beneficiary of the Wild Coast
Development programme which aimed to revitalise small towns.
 Not everyone believes that things can be turned around though. Sun Lof bed and
breakfast owner Margaret Floyd said the town's condition had been deteriorating
since 2008.
 "The general state of the roads and the town itself - the dirtiness of the
place - is a cause for concern," she said. "Visitors to my bed and breakfast
often ask why it's so filthy." - andrews@dispatch.co.za and
bonganif@dispatch.co.za


  LIKE LOST SHEEP: Livestock, including goats and cattle, freely wander the
streets of Port St Johns Picture: ANDREW STONE
  BIG STINK: During a recent Daily Dispatch visit to Port St Johns, a large pool
of effluent had collected outside the local tourism office Picture: ANDREW STONE

  ANDREW STONE
 BONGANI FUZILE

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2014 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               February 03, 2016

No Influx of Boko Haram Into Taraba - CP

BYLINE: Magaji Isa

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: Jalingo


Taraba State Police Commissioner, Alhaji Shaba Alkali, has denied speculations
that there has been an influx of Boko Haram insurgents into the state.

Addressing journalists in Jalingo, the commissioner explained that those coming
into the state were job seekers and those running away from trouble areas of
Borno, Gombe, Yobe, and Adamawa states that were challenged by insecurity.

"The police were alerted and we always check and screen those coming into the
state and those found without genuine business were usually sent back," he said.

According Alkali, most of those coming into the state were Taraba indigenes
resident in those states as well as those seeking jobs and petty trades.

He said a truck conveying more than 50 persons including women and children
intercepted by the police in Jalingo recently were not Boko Haram members.

He further revealed that the police were aware of plans by some politicians in
the state to recruit mercenaries, including purchase of arms, to disrupt the
forth coming rerun election for state and National Assembly elections in 48
polling units across four local government areas of the state.

Alkali warned that the police would deal decisively with anybody, no matter how
highly placed, found to be fomenting trouble during the exercise.

Similarly, the commissioner has disclosed that the command has cracked down on a
gang of armed robbery suspects, car snatchers and receivers who recently broke
into the house of the state Commissioner of Agriculture, Mr. David Ishaya and
made away with his official car and other valuables.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Gov't attempts to rebuild cattle industry: Agriculture minister cautions farmers
not to read into the additional $16 million

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: ISSUES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 235  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY (CP) -- The Alberta government pumped an additional $16 million into its
ongoing efforts to rebuild the cattle industry Wednesday.

The announcement came mere hours before an appeal court panel in Seattle
reserved judgment in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's appeal of an
injunction blocking the live animal trade.

But Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner cautioned farmers from reading too
much into the timing of the latest influx of government cash to increase
slaughter capacity and develop more home-grown meat products.

"I wouldn't read into this announcement a concern that we think the border may
be closed longer, indeed what we're saying is, we're moving ahead with our
(recovery) plan," he said.

The $870 million BSE Recovery Plan is aimed at rebuilding and repositioning
Alberta's cattle industry in the aftermath of the 2003 discovery of mad cow
disease and the subsequent bans on live cattle and beef products from dozens of
countries, including the U.S., Canada's largest market.

The U.S. resumed imports of Canadian boxed beef in 2003 and was to restart the
live trade in younger cattle in March, but the Montana-based Ranchers Cattlemen
Action Legal Fund, or R-CALF, convinced a local judge to grant a temporary
injunction to block the plan after two more cases of mad cow turned up in
Alberta.

The mad cow crisis has cost Canadian cattle industry more than $7-billion since
May 2003.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Govt seeking to free up farm market;
Income subsidies for farmers would be expanded to realize EPAs

BYLINE: Akihito Teramura and Koichi Uetake, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writers,
Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 925 words


The government is studying how to liberalize the agriculture market in order to
facilitate negotiations on economic partnership agreements with other countries,
but liberalization faces many obstacles.

To realize liberalization, the government plans to expand the current income
support program to cover farming households that would be affected by an influx
of cheap farm products following liberalization.

However, opposition to liberalization runs deep, especially among agricultural
organizations and lawmakers of both ruling and opposition parties supported by
such organizations.

Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Michihiko Kano has said part of the
revenues from the tax for global warming countermeasures, which the government
plans to introduce next fiscal year, will be used to expand income compensation
for farmers.

But his plan has already come under fire within the government, with opponents
saying the environment tax revenues should be used only for global warming
countermeasures.

Protection of farmers

The government wants to promote farm-sector liberalization because high tariffs
levied on farm products are major obstacles in the negotiations for EPAs.

Total abolition of the tariffs or at least major cuts are indispensable to the
talks for EPAs, the government has concluded.

Another aim of liberalization is to improve the international competitiveness of
Japan's agricultural products in order to expand exports.

An immediate result of concluding EPAs with major farm countries such as the
United States and Australia would be an influx of cheap foreign agricultural
products and a subsequent decline in prices of domestic products. As a result,
domestic farmers will suffer financial damage.

At the same time, the ruling Democratic Party of Japan wants to raise the
nation's food self-sufficiency rate from 40 percent in 2009 to 50 percent by
2020.

To achieve both goals of liberalization and increased food production, measures
to support domestic farmers are indispensable.

After he became farm minister, Kano said that, to promote EPAs, the income
support system for farm households would be a core policy of his ministry.

Former Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Masahiko Yamada had
maintained during his tenure that the system was not intended to promote EPAs.

Therefore, Kano's position represents a major shift in agricultural policy.

Adopted after the DPJ-led administration took the helm of the government, the
current system is designed to compensate farm households when sale prices of
their farm products fall below production costs. The differences are to be paid
from the state coffers.

Many major countries seeking EPAs have similar programs to protect their
farmers.

Japan's system of supporting farmers by maintaining high tariffs to keep
agricultural products' prices higher than in other countries has become more
difficult to maintain in light of criticism from abroad.

Currently, Japan's tariff rate for polished rice is 778 percent, and that for
beef is 38.5 percent.

Grains and livestock products are likely targets for liberalization, government
sources said.

Former DPJ Secretary General Ichiro Ozawa argued during the latest DPJ
presidential race the income support system should be expanded to promote EPAs.
Thus, a certain level of support for the idea exists within the party.

How can system be financed?

Budget constraints will be a serious problem if the farm household support is
expanded.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry has estimated domestic
agricultural production will decline by 3.6 trillion yen a year if all farm
tariffs are abolished. Therefore, Yamada maintained, "Several trillion yen" will
be needed to make up for the shortfall under the system.

However, some private research organizations put the figure much lower.

For instance, Kazuhito Yamashita, research director of the Canon Institute for
Global Studies, said, "The additional fiscal burden would be less than 910
billion yen."

Although there are differences in estimates, it is certain the ministry will
need additional funding to expand the income support.

"Agriculture has been contributing to preservation of environment," Kano argued
in support of using part of the environment tax revenues to supplement farm
incomes.

However, the Economy, Trade and Industry Ministry has already proposed that the
use of the revenues be limited to measures to combat global warming.

Therefore, coordination within the government will be absolutely necessary.

Time is limited

The government plans to compile a basic policy to accelerate the promotion of
EPAs, which Prime Minister Naoto Kan is expected to announce at the summit
meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum to be held in Yokohama in
November.

The government wants to announce its participation in the Trans-Pacific
Strategic Economic Partnership Agreement and promotion of a tripartite EPA with
China and South Korea as key points of its new policy. The government now must
decide how much to liberalize agricultural products.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry will decide its policy on the
matter by mid-October, but agricultural organizations and related lawmakers may
oppose the policy, depending on its details.

Liberalization would be the first major change in agricultural policy since
1993, when the administration of then Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa partially
opened the country's rice market after fierce debates within the government and
with opposition parties.

This will be another major test for the Kan administration.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

It's in all our of interests to get agricultural policy right

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 304 words


WHILE the rest of the Irish economy was in the doldrums, the agriculture sector
was booming. Yesterday the Government announced details of its Rural Development
Programme 2014 to 2020. The sums are staggering. The Government will invest
(EURO)1.9bn over the next seven years and the EU will match this with another
(EURO)2.2bn.

Taken with funds from the Common Agriculture Policy (CAP) investment in Irish
agriculture will top (EURO)12.5bn.

Apart from the horsemeat hiccup nobody can deny that the agriculture sector is
something we can be proud of, from the worldwide success of the Irish
agri-business sector to the predominance of Irish bloodstock.

The Rural Development Fund is an important element of that. So it is essential
to get it right between now and 2020.

At a time when pylons and wind turbines dominate much of the conversation about
rural Ireland, it is important to remind ourselves that agriculture is still an
important part of what we are. Despite the pharmaceutical industry and the
influx of 'new media'', Ireland''s reputation is inextricably linked to its food
production and the agricultural landscape that enables it to thrive.

There are many elements to this plan and the farming and business communities
will be poring over the details. We can only hope that it is fit for purpose and
its aims will be achieved in the interest of farmers and non-farmers alike.

Published by Independent Newspapers (Ireland) Limited at their offices, 27-32
Talbot Street, Dublin 1. Printed at Citywest, Naas Road, Co Dublin Telephone 01
705 5333 Fax 01 872 0304 Advertising Telephone 1890 516516 Ad fax 01 7055533
Email info@independent.ie Web www.independent.ie English edition Printed by
Trinity Mirror, Saint Albans Road, Watford, Hertfordshire WD24 7RG UK Spanish
edition Printed by Bermont Corporation, D.l: M-37441

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            April 30, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Building a Future; (One Sod Hut at a Time)

BYLINE: Stephanie Flegel, Leader-Post

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. AA5

LENGTH: 485  words


One of the most defining stories in Saskatchewan from 1893 to 1902 was
immigration.

Although the area was not yet defined as a province, Regina had already been
named the capital of the North-West Territories, which stretched from the Rocky
Mountains through Manitoba, and from the Arctic Ocean to the U.S. border.

The immigration influx allowed the area to become known for its agriculture and
homesteaders and eventually led to the creation of Saskatchewan as a province.

Immigrants from all across Europe, particularly the eastern portion, flooded
over to the new promised land.

Ads appeared in The Leader for "choice farming and hay" throughout 1893. New
settlers could purchase valuable farmland from the Canadian Pacific Railway in
the Regina district for $3 an acre.

Frequent articles also appeared in the paper announcing the arrival of new
settlers. On April 12, 1900, an article in The Leader said, "There were 46
homestead entries made at Regina in March of this year as against 27 last year:
633 entries have been made since last July."

The articles attempted to list the names of all new settlers in the area, but
the influx made it difficult for The Leader to keep track of everyone.

Another major factor in the increased immigration came from the federal election
on June 23, 1896. The Liberal party, led by Wilfrid Laurier, beat out the
Conservatives to form the government in the eighth Parliament of Canada.

As a result of the election, Clifford Sifton was named the Minister of the
Interior, responsible for all of the North-West Territories.

Sifton is considered one of the most influential people in settling the west. As
Pierre Berton stated in his book The Promised Land, "When one speaks or writes
of the West at the turn of the century, one does not call it the Laurier Period.
It is the Sifton Period, the Sifton Era, Sifton Decade."

Sifton, whose family owned The Leader-Post for much of its history, did not come
up with new ways to settle the west, but he built upon the efforts of those who
came before him and capitalized on the rising grain prices, good farming weather
and cheaper transportation costs, wrote Berton.

The federal government was focused specifically on bringing "practical farmers"
over to settle the west, wrote Berton.

Pamphlets distributed throughout eastern Europe at the time promised 160,000
acres of land, which was very attractive to many of the Polish and Ukrainian
farmers.

Another group that took advantage of the availability of land was the Russian
Doukhobors, a radical Christian sect. Many of them populated the areas in
northern parts of Saskatchewan near Yorkton.

By 1901, the official population of what is now Saskatchewan was 91,279 people,
according to Statistics Canada.

Saskatchewan's population as of Oct. 1, 2007 was estimated at 1,003,300 people,
which means nearly 10 per cent of the population had arrived before Saskatchewan
officially came into being.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: New arrivals to Saskatchewan with their sod hut, the era's cheap, easily
constructed -- and therefore common -- form of shelter. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 17, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

WILDLIFE;
Where Vultures Hang Out

BYLINE:  By KATHERINE ZOEPF

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 5; Westchester Weekly Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 798 words

DATELINE: SOUTH SALEM


THEY look like something out of Hitchcock: enormous black birds with yellow
hooked beaks and thick folds of livid red skin on their heads. Some residents of
South Salem, a hamlet of Lewisboro, have compared them to a biblical plague. In
flight, they are a sight to see: elegantly proportioned, swooping, hanging on
updrafts of air.  But on the ground or in the trees, they are a smelly, noisy
nuisance, frightening to children, with a penchant for scattering compost heaps
and fouling car roofs. They're turkey vultures. They arrived in the small Lake
Truesdale community in South Salem in early December, and only recently have
they shown any signs of leaving.

"Nobody really seems to know where they came from," said Leslie Teichgraeber,
who lives along Lake Truesdale. "Since late fall, we've been seeing an
incredible influx of turkey vultures. They're big, with a 72-inch wingspan, and
they're very ugly. You can go for a short walk and see 20 or 30 of them, and
sometimes upward of 50 at a time."

Karen John, a neighbor of Ms. Teichgraeber's, calls the vultures "pretty
belligerent."

"Between the excrement and the smell, they're a terrible nuisance," she said,
"and there's not a lot that frightens them. I've tried throwing water at them,
I've opened up the door and screamed at them. And they'll just look at you, as
if they're annoyed."

Annie Heffernan, another neighbor, reports some vulture-repelling success with a
pyrotechnic device recommended by the Department of Agriculture's Wildlife
Services Division.

"They call it a bird whistler," Ms. Heffernan said, brandishing a device similar
in appearance to a toy revolver, "but it's actually a kind of pyrotechnic, made
in Germany. It's very loud, it smokes, and it shoots off about 50 feet. The
first few times we used it, they all scattered over the lake. Then they got used
to it, and they'd stay right there in the trees."

Ms. Heffernan gestured at the vultures roosting in the white pines in her side
yard, silhouettes against the gray sky. She loaded the bird whistler, took aim
at a spot in the sky to the left of the trees and fired. A high whistling noise
sounded after the initial report, smoke filled the air, and a cloud of turkey
vultures took off from the trees and began circling over the lake.

"I had the house on the market this fall," Ms. Heffernan said, "but then I had
to take it off again. Nobody wants to buy a house that's surrounded by
vultures."

Michael Bochnik, president of the Hudson River Audubon Society, said that turkey
vultures were primarily found in the southern United States, but had been making
their way north for a number of years. The influx is because of the interstate
highway for the most part, he said, though the warmer winters also play into it.
"Turkey vultures feed on carrion, and of course the interstate highway, with all
the road kill, is a wonderful food source for them," Mr. Bochnik explained.

"They're thoroughly safe," he added, "but the smell is really bad if you get a
lot of birds together. This has happened in a number of communities up north
that suddenly find themselves with black vultures and turkey vultures that
become pests."

Bill Kohlmoos, president of the Turkey Vulture Society, a nonprofit organization
based in Reno, Nev., which finances scientific studies of the turkey vulture,
said that vultures tend to favor very tall trees, close to a source of water.
The white pines along Lake Truesdale, which were planted during the Depression,
are perfect for them, Mr. Kohlmoos said. "They like a really big tree, where
hundreds of them can roost together," he said. "They're like a community. They
do migrate, but if you let them, they like to use the same tree for hundreds of
years.

"I wouldn't want them near my house," said Mr. Kohlmoos, a retired cattle
rancher. "But they're marvelous birds. They're intelligent, clean and they don't
kill. Their digestive systems are amazing. They turn the toxins in the carrion
into safe material. The turkey vulture can even kill anthrax."

At Lake Truesdale, the turkey vultures finally seem to be leaving. Where there
were once flocks of 150 or more, there are now only a few dozen.

Ms. Heffernan is still somewhat skeptical. " "I'm going to wait a bit and see if
they're really going and I can do a final cleanup," she said.

Ms. John also said that she looks forward to a less smelly, vulture-less
neighborhood, but expressed some regret at bidding goodbye to the birds.

"I mean, they're disgusting," she said. "They even poop on each other. My kids'
tree house is filled with their excrement; we need a good strong rain to wash it
away. But when they put their wings out, and they're sunning themselves, they're
elegant -- and then the sinister, ugly head. They always make me think of the
'Phantom of the Opera.' "

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Lake Truesdale in South Salem. Turkey vultures arrived in the
Lake Truesdale community in December and they have only recently shown signs of
leaving. A turkey vulture near the lake. (Photographs by Suzy Allman for The New
York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              232 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday

Major Centralia Housing Project Nears Completion

BYLINE: Rachel Thomson, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1394 words


Jan. 22--Ron Wisner looks out the window of his house on Harrison Avenue, just
north of Centralia, Friday afternoon. As he gazes across the street at the
construction equipment and partially completed buildings, he says he's not
thrilled about the potential of getting up to 500 new neighbors when the
Harrison and Ives low-income housing project opens in a couple of months.

The former Grays Harbor County government employee said he wonders if his
property value will go down or if there will be more crime with the influx of
people. He remembers when the property was just a field and said he liked the
area better when there wasn't as much urban development.

He attended one informational meeting with city officials a couple years ago and
was told the majority of residents there would be agricultural workers of
Hispanic descent. He said he's joked with other neighbors about putting up a
sign that reads "Deportation Center," but "if people are going to come in,
they're going to come in," Wisner said.

Across the street, Therese Rice has a different perspective. She's lived in the
home adjacent to the development for 80 years and has had several migrant
workers do handiwork for her.

"They work like the dickens," Rice said. "I don't mind if they move in. They
have just as much a right to have a halfway decent home and a warm, dry place to
live."

From traffic patterns and crime rates to the number of new students enrolling at
nearby schools, Fords Prairie residents are wondering how the Ives and Harrison
Family Housing project, which is on track to be open in April, will impact their
neighborhood.

Rob Van Tassell, director of housing and community development for the Catholic
Housing Services of Western Washington, the organization in charge of the
project, said he wasn't sure how many families are currently on the waiting list
to move in, but said the organization has done lots of research about the
impacts this type of project might have on the community.

This will be the third such project the organization, formerly the Archdiocesan
Housing Authority, has built in Centralia.

It has already built La Casa De La Familia Santa, on Pearl Street, in 2004 and
Villa San Juan Bautista, on Cooks Hill Road, in 2009.

How the Project Came About

The main reason for building a low-income family housing project was damage
caused by the December 2007 floods, according to a Lewis County Needs Assessment
published in April of 2008. It stated the floods, the largest on the Chehalis
basin, "created widespread temporary displacement and loss of housing and
infrastructure."

It said prior to the flood, housing prices within the county were already rising
faster than state prices, making affordable housing for low-and-moderate-income
families "non-existent."

The flood destroyed several of those housing options, and rental prices rose
even higher as a result, exacerbating the need to build more, according to the
assessment.

The Ives and Harrison Project has two-, three-, and four-bedroom townhouses and
has the capacity for up to 500 people. Each has a community building and a
200-square-foot foot garage.

Both the La Casa De La Familia Santa and Villa San Juan Bautista provide units
exclusively to farmworker families. The term farmworker is defined as a person
in agriculture-related employment. Agriculture is defined broadly, and could
include workers in fisheries, poultry, livestock, those in food-processing
plants, drivers of agricultural goods, and so forth.

However, the Ives and Harrison and Project will have a mix of agriculture worker
families and other non-agriculture worker families.

Crime Impacts Could Vary

It's been difficult to determine whether or not the opening of a new housing
project has had a direct impact on crime rates in their neighborhood. For
example, crime rates in the neighborhood surrounding the complexes of the La
Casa De La Familia Santa project have varied from year to year since its
opening, according to police department records.

In 2004, when the Familia Santa apartment complexes were in the initial planning
stages, about three dozen citizens met to voice their concerns about traffic,
safety, declines in property values and curiosity about the type of people
chosen to live in the complex.

There have been 206 police cases filed at the La Casa De La Familia Santa
complex since 2004 through the end of 2010. The number of cases ranges from a
low of one in 2004 and a high of 55 in 2006, according to police records tech
Carin Haldy. The number of cases filed at the La Casa De La Familia Santa
address varied each year through 2006, but have started to see a decline since
2007. Villa San Juan Bautista had no cases in 2009 and 13 by the end of 2010,
Haldy said. Some of the cases at either address were reportable crimes, such as
assault or burglary, but some of the cases were filed after an officer was
dispatched to a "suspicious" call, but found no crime committed in the case.

Van Tassell said based on feedback he's received from residents and neighbors at
the existing complexes, there haven't been major changes in crime rates. He said
a few residents have reported  car prowls. Van Tassell also said property
managers conduct background checks on any potential residents. Anyone with drug
convictions, gang affiliations or have violent crimes on their records are
disqualified. He added property managers have the right to evict residents who
commit crimes while residing at any of the organization's complexes.

Impacts to Schools

Fords Prairie Elementary School, located about half a mile northwest of the
housing units, could be one of the neighborhood institutions that may feel some
of the most impact, according to Steve Warren, assistant superintendent for the
Centralia School District. He said district officials have been trying to figure
out what, if any, staff reorganization will have to be made if there are is a
large influx of students.

Warren said based on a formula set by Education Service District 113, which
serves schools in Lewis, Mason, Pacific and Thurston counties, the Centralia
School District is expecting an addition of 18 new students district-wide who
may enroll after the complex opens.

The formula calculates about seven students may attend Fords Prairie within
grades kindergarten through third grade, four will attend grades four through
six, three will attend grades seven and eight, and four students will attend
various grade levels at the high school. He said the formula is calculated based
on the current number of students who live in single-family homes within the
district.

If those numbers are accurate, Warren said there may not have to be any
reshuffling of staff to meet needs. However, Warren said he's concerned the
number of additional students who begin attending the elementary school after
the units are open might be higher than anticipated.

"The challenge will be trying to get adequate and balanced staffing," Warren
said.

In that case, according to Warren, the district may have to look at ways to
accommodate the influx.

At Fords Prairie, 337 students are currently enrolled. It has 17 teachers and
about 20 other support staff members, Warren said. The maximum ratio of students
to teachers district officials want per class is about 24 to 1. He said out of
all the grade levels at Fords Prairie (kindergarten through third grade), most
grades have room for the projected number of students. However, the second grade
is at its enrollment limit.

He said hiring extra staff, such as a para-professional or even teachers may not
be out of the question, especially if a high number of new students from the
apartment complex enroll in the second grade. But it will be impossible to
accurately assess if there are needs for extra staffing until after the project
is completed and families start moving in.

"We're in a wait until they walk in the door kind of mode," Warren said.

In the meantime, neighbors are waiting to see how quickly their neighborhood
might change.

"You can't stop it no matter what," Wisner said.

To see more of The Chronicle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chronline.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110122-1CE-Major-Centralia-Housing-Project-Nears-Completion-0122-20110122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2011 The Chronicle


                              233 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             March 10, 2008, Monday
                                 Mersey Edition

Foreign influx good for region

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 331 words


THERE may be some who, for whatever reason, might not welcome the fact that
Merseyside has witnessed an unprecedented explosion in the number of foreign
nationals moving to the region to work.

But that would be to ignore the tremendous contribution that this influx of
migrant workers makes to the economy of the area.

The growth ties in with the admission of Eastern Bloc countries to the European
Union as a result of the single European labour market, making it easier for
workers from countries such as Poland to work in the UK.

As well as helping to meet demand in such trades as agriculture and
construction, they are also helping with Merseyside's overall regeneration.

It is also a tribute to the attractiveness of the region and its booming economy
that, after several years of steady growth in the number of migrants working in
the region, the figure shot up 39% last year. Experts believe a combination of
Liverpool's growing global profile, coupled with a sudden rise in jobs in
sectors such as construction, has helped make Merseyside a major draw.

The rate of growth of foreign nationals - measured by National Insurance
registration - in Greater Merseyside eclipses most other areas of the country,
including more traditional areas of migration such as Greater Manchester and the
West Midlands.

It means that, in March 2007, 32,000 overseas nationals were working in the
Greater Merseyside region, up from 23,000, in March, 2006. In 2003, the figure
was just 15,000.

However, this places a responsibility on employers and the Government to ensure
that new arrivals are protected from rogue employers who may seek to exploit,
for example, foreign workers' lack of understanding of British working culture
by paying cheaper wages.

Provided these necessary safeguards are in place, and that immigrant workers are
employed legally, there is no reason why this influx of foreign labour should
not be welcomed as making a significant contribution to the regional economy's
continued growth

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Mt Hagen hatches bold K100m plan

BYLINE: By Harlyne Joku

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 296 words


Mt Hagen will expand to become a major city, serving resource rich provinces in
the Highlands in the next 15 years, says Western Highlands Governor Tom Olga.

Mr Olga told journalists in Port Moresby yesterday that the Government has
committed K100 million for five years for the Mt Hagen city redevelopment plan.

He said Mt Hagen is currently not able to cater for the influx of thousands of
people travelling daily to and from the resource rich provinces of Southern
Highlands, Enga, Eastern Highlands and Simbu.

"We are currently trying our best to serve the major influx of visitors passing
through Mt Hagen to other provincial centres," Mr Olga said.

He said the redevelopment plan of Mt Hagen will include the upgrading of the
provincial government headquarters and chambers which will replace the burntdown
Kapal Haus, a three star hotel, a newlook retail and business centre and a
provincial museum and art gallery. He said transport infrastructure, sewerage
and water management would also be upgraded.

A bypass would also be built to allow traffic to flow smootly on the Highlands
Highway, Mr Olga said.

Under the plan, the Kagamuga Airport will also be upgraded to international
standards and a central cooler system will be built to store fresh agriculture
produce for farmers to transport out of the province.

Mr Olga said a multi-purpose sports stadium will also be built as part of the
re-development plan. He said he and the deputy city planner would be attending
two conferences in New Delhi and Dubai on city planning in the next two weeks.

Mr Olga said he hopes to learn and build a network from the experts attending
the conference to assist the Western Highlands Provincial Government to rebuild
Mt Hagen into a world class city.

Mr Olga leaves for the conference today.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 24, 2013 Saturday

Good news, bad news for onion farmers

BYLINE: Fernando Del Valle, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 379 words


Aug. 24--MISSION -- A dry growing season that held down disease and pest
infestation resulted in a double yield for Rio Grande Valley onion growers.

At the same time, an influx of out-of-state onions helped drive down prices,
experts said Friday.

Growers produced yields of up to 1,000 bags per acre despite continued
reductions in acreage caused by water restrictions. This was an increase from an
average of 500 bags an acre from previous years, Juan Anciso, a vegetable expert
at Texas A&M AgriLife Extension Service in Weslaco, said.

Ben Cowan, a Hidalgo County agricultural extension agent, called the yield
"phenomenal," adding, "We're well known as a prolific onion growing area."

Following the law of supply and demand, an influx of onions from California,
Colorado and New Mexico boosted supply and deflated prices to $6 to $8 a bag,
down from $7 to $9 a bag in May, Anciso said.

Anciso said dry weather benefited the local crop by preventing disease and
insects.

Growers who planted their crops in October did not see significant rains until
April, as they began the harvest that continued through early June, experts
said.

"A dry growing season is what onions really like," Cowan said. "It prevents
foliar disease."

Growers harvested high yields despite continued reductions in acreage that stem
from cuts in irrigation water supplies, Bret Erickson, president of the Texas
International Produce Association in Mission, said.

"Acres were down because water availability was down but yields were way up,"
Erickson said.

Growers in the Valley and Coastal Bend area reduced acreage from 7,320 last year
to 7,094 this year, according to a report from the South Texas Onion Committee.

Acreage has continued to fall since 2010-2011, when growers planted 10,237
acres, figures show.

Lingering drought that plunged water levels at Amistad and Falcon reservoirs and
Mexico's failure to release water in accordance with a 1944 treaty are causing
growers to get out of the business, Erickson said.

"Water is a big issue," Erickson said. "People are getting out of the industry.
The industry is getting smaller and smaller."

___ (c)2013 Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas) Visit Valley Morning Star
(Harlingen, Texas) at www.valleymorningstar.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130824-HR-Good-news-bad-news-for-onion-farmers-0824-20130824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2013 Valley Morning Star


                              236 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 7, 2014 Friday
                                    National

'Invasion' Remarks Fuel a Heated Debate in a G.O.P. Race

BYLINE: By ALEXA URA and MORGAN SMITH.

aura@texastribune.org; msmith@texastribune.org

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; TEXAS TRIBUNE; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1104 words


On immigration policy, there are no major differences between the Republican
candidates running for lieutenant governor in Texas.

But since the campaigning began in August, the issue of immigration has consumed
countless minutes of television airtime and has taken center stage at the more
than two dozen forums at which the four men have appeared together.

The talk has become heated, in particular from State Senator Dan Patrick, the
Houston Republican who is among three challengers trying to unseat the
incumbent, David Dewhurst. The other candidates are Jerry Patterson, the land
commissioner, and Todd Staples, the agriculture commissioner.

Mr. Patrick's description of the influx of undocumented immigrants from Mexico
to Texas as an ''illegal invasion'' drew the ire of Mayor Julián Castro of San
Antonio, a Democrat, who called Mr. Patrick the ''most anti-immigrant Republican
running for office.''

Mr. Patrick responded by inviting Mr. Castro to debate. But he did not stop
using the term, which he repeated during the race's first statewide televised
debate with a call to ''stop the invasion'' across the state's southern border.

Members of Mr. Patrick's own party have criticized him for his remarks, which
pose a particular challenge for Republican groups trying to court Hispanic
voters.

''I understand the need to address the issue of illegal immigration, and I
understand the need to secure borders, and I realize that's critically
important,'' said Hector De Leon, a chairman of the Associated Republicans of
Texas. ''But by the same token, that issue can be addressed by not engaging in
rhetoric that sounds like thinly veiled racism.''

While each candidate in the Republican primary for lieutenant governor opposes
amnesty for undocumented immigrants, supports a guest worker program, and favors
heightened security on the border, their tenor in discussing the topics has
differed.

Mr. Patrick has focused on the crimes committed by undocumented immigrants once
they cross the border into Texas -- even when asked specifically about the
policies he would support to address immigrants without a criminal background,
as he was during the recent debate.

''Until you secure the border, you really can't address those other issues,''
Mr. Patrick said, citing statistics about rapes and murders committed by
undocumented immigrants in Texas.

In response to the same question, Mr. Dewhurst said that during his tenure he
had worked to ''shut down the border from the Gulf of Mexico to Laredo,''
increasing the number of high-altitude spotter aircraft and armored vehicles
that patrol it. Mr. Staples said that as agriculture commissioner, he has worked
with landowners along the border, spending money he saved from his agency budget
on ''apprehending individuals, confiscating drugs'' and conducting a ''strategic
military assessment'' of illegal crossings.

While Mr. Patterson shared his opponents' positions, he said he was frustrated
that the debate had not focused on concrete solutions.

He said in an interview that Republicans would risk alienating Hispanic voters
if they continued to rail against illegal immigration without presenting
specific policy plans.

''When all you are doing is slamming immigrants whether they are legal or
illegal, who primarily are Hispanic, then they only hear part of the story. They
don't hear that the Republican Party is not going to deport Grandma,'' Mr.
Patterson said. ''They just hear that you are slamming immigrants, and they just
hear that in the large sense, not just the illegals, but those who are here
legally.''

In an interview, Mr. Patrick said Mexican-Americans shared his concern about the
''significant issue'' of criminals crossing the border into Texas.

''I am absolutely not, nor is any other conservative Republican,
anti-immigrant,'' he said. ''We are anti-illegal immigrant, and we are
particularly concerned about the hardened criminals who are crossing our border,
and potential terrorists.''

Mr. Patrick said he was not concerned that his views seemed to threaten the
Republican Party's long-term viability in the state.

''If somebody wants to disagree, that's their right to disagree,'' he said.

Less than a third of eligible voters in Texas are Hispanic, and their electoral
impact is not expected to manifest itself in the current election cycle, said
Jim Henson, a Texas Tribune pollster and director of the Texas Politics Project
at the University of Texas at Austin. (U.T.-Austin is a corporate sponsor of The
Tribune.)

This gives the Republican candidates room to move farther to the right in an
effort to tap into the Tea Party electorate, voters who are more conservative on
immigration than traditional Republicans and are driving the discussion within
the party, Mr. Henson said.

Party strategists are ''worried about the long-term prospects of the Republican
Party if the immigration rhetoric remains as pitched as it is,'' Mr. Henson
said. ''But you're not seeing that translate into candidates' positions very
much.''

Mr. De Leon said he feared that Mr. Patrick's remarks could alienate voters in a
state where Hispanics are expected to make up a plurality of the population by
2020 and become an increasingly crucial voting bloc.

''I think it's inappropriate to be shortsighted in terms of achieving political
office now and not farsighted in terms of what is best for the Republican Party
in the next 10 to 15 to 20 years,'' Mr. De Leon said.

George Antuna, a founder of Hispanic Republicans of Texas, agreed. He said Mr.
Patrick's remarks could have been more ''comprehensive in nature'' and
undermined Republicans' efforts to attract Hispanic voters.

''I understand that the senator is trying to be the end-all-be-all within the
primary, but we have a very serious challenger in the general election, and I
think Senator Patrick is unfortunately not doing himself any favors in the
primary,'' Mr. Antuna said.

The winner of the Republican primary is expected to face State Senator Leticia
Van de Putte, Democrat of San Antonio. Ms. Van de Putte, a Latina, called Mr.
Patrick's language inappropriate and said he is using ''the politics of fear to
motivate certain voters'' despite Republicans' efforts to attract Hispanic
voters -- an initiative she has publicly scoffed at.

Ms. Van de Putte said the Republican candidates' anti-immigration remarks showed
that they were repeating the mistakes of Republicans in other states who stirred
criticism among Hispanics after supporting strict, sweeping immigration
policies.

''They're not learning the lessons of Pete Wilson's California,'' she said.
''They're not learning the lessons of Jan Brewer's Arizona.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/07/us/invasion-remarks-fuel-a-heated-debate-in-a-
gop-race.html

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: State Senator Dan Patrick, campaigning with his wife, Jan. Mr.
Patrick has referred to the influx of undocumented immigrants as an ''illegal
invasion.''
 Other candidates for lieutenant governor, from left, Jerry Patterson, David
Dewhurst (the incumbent) and Todd Staples. One party leader suggested  that some
talk on immigration sounded ''like thinly veiled racism.'' (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARK
GRAHAM FOR THE TEXAS TRIBUNE)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              237 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Superior Express (Nebraska)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 15, 2009

Straight from the Horses Mouth

BYLINE: Duane A. Lienemann, UNL Extension Education

LENGTH: 880  words


What has caught my attention this week is the higher than normal influx of
attacks on agriculture and in particular animal agriculture. I would be remiss
in not commenting on a few of those items that really seemed to hit me like a
slap to the face. What happened to the days when agriculture and the process of
producing food for a hungry world was held in high esteem and treasured by the
citizens of this country?

Last Sunday's edition of the New York Times dropped afront page, 5,000 word
bombshell on the ground beef business. Never has a publication with such a
nationwide impact taken the meat industry to the wood shed with such
single-minded conviction. Whether you agree with.them or not, the writers have
refrained the E. coli debate, journalistically charging the entire ground beef
distribution system with a series of self-inflicted, willfully neglectful
felonies.

If you haven't read the story, you can find it on the web by Googling "E. Coli
Path Shows Flaws in Beef Inspection," or give me a call and I will get you a
copy.

I take exception to the bulk of the news article. One cannot read this piece
without concluding the readers who don't know better will come away with
considerably less enthusiasm for hamburgers than before.

I predict Oprah Winfrey will be saying (again) that she'll never eat another
hamburger.

We also need to take some responsibility for this problem within the meat
processing industry. The article points out that there were just so many
failures that arose. It is pointed out that the beef industry has failed to live
up to the public trust by doing everything and anything it can to assure that
the meat it produces is safe.

It also appears from the article that the government has allowed the industry to
dictate the terms by which safety is determined, thus allowing enormous holes in
the system to be formed.

Those words trouble me and I hope that segment of our industry acknowledges
these perceptions and becomes more vigilant and proactive in seeing to the
safety of our beef for food.

As if that wasn't enough to leave me a little sleepless, another couple of
articles also hit the wire about the same time.

Have you heard of a new thrust called Animal Guardianship? If not, you might
want to be watching for this.

Imagine that overnight a new state law goes into effect declaring that from now
on you do not own your animals but rather you are their guardian. Does this
sound farfetched? Some local communities have already made this change and it
seems to be picking up steam.

The first legal step on this road has been the addition of owner-guardian
language to local ordinances, then changing the wording to guardian only. Now
one state now has owner-guardian as a part of its law, and various federal
agencies are using the word guardian in conjunction with owner whenever the
latter appears in their regulations.

Animal guardianship advocates suggest that referring to the human-animal
relationship as one of guardianship ratherthan ownership will lead to better
animal care. There is little basis for this assertion; an abusive animal owner
would likely be an abusive animal guardian. While local ordinances to date have
generally applied only to dogs, cats, and other companion animals, a next step
would be to expand such laws to include all domestic animals, that's right,
cattle, sheep, pigs, chickens and horses! With the groundwork in place,
guardianship advocates could then move to the state level. Can't happen? One
only has to look at Proposition 2 in California and several other states and the
problems it has created. Does that then give that animal the right to sue me or
for someone else to sue me on behalf of the animal if they think that I am not
following their idea of how an animal should be raised, fed, housed or even
harvested? Will I lose guardianship? Another alarming thing to me is the new.s
that the Baltimore, Maryland Schools system became the first of what some feel
will be many in the United States to pledge to serve no meat on Mondays,
according to the organization behind the campaign. There have been other efforts
for this, and it has even appeared right here in Nebraska. What school districts
may not know is that Meatless Mondays (or meatless any other day), is really an
initiative sponsored by the Grace Spira Project at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg
School of Public Health. The name Spira refers to animal rights activist Henry
Spira, founder of Animal Rights International. Hmmm, I wonder if there is an
agenda there somewhere? The actual creator of this project is the same group
that created the series of videos at hup://www.themeatrix.com. I suggest you go
there to better understand the organization behind the initiative.

These videos seek to manipulate and mislead children through a cleverly
produced, but factually inaccurate cartoon takeoff of the film The Matrix.

There is also a connection to another new anti-meat web site that you may want
to check out at http://www.meat.org. It basically has three videos that appear
in a youth favored You-Tube format. Ultimately, the group seeks an end to this
country's efficient and advanced food production system that delivers tq
Americans the most abundant and affordable food supply in the world.

Oh My! We have a battle on our hands!

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SPX

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 The Superior Express


                              238 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               December 20, 2013

Environment Expert Cautions FG Over Influx of GM Foods

BYLINE: Gabriel Ewepu

LENGTH: 427 words


AN environment expert, Mr. Rufus Ebegba has raised alarm over the influx of
Genetically Modified foods into the country through porous borders, as there was
no law to safeguard the lives of the people.

Ebegba raised the alarm while speaking to newsmen at a one day workshop with
theme, 'Stopping the False Nutritional Kite & Understanding the Convention on
Biological Diversity', which was organised by Health Of Mothers Earth
Foundation, HOMEF, for small scale farmers.

Ebegba said the country has become a dumping ground for genetically modified
foods and organisms if there was no law regulating inflow of these products the
country will end up to be a dumping ground as it is to other imported products.

Ebegaba said: "Thus Nigeria as a country, is meant to have a foreign policy,the
danger is that if there is no law, Nigeria will consume any product that comes
into the country, because Nigeria presently, imports agricultural products from
countries that manufacture genetic modified foods, like Mexico, India and other
countries.

"If Nigeria does not have a law, it means what we are consuming genetic modified
organisms, and we cannot ascertain it. The golden rice sold and consumed by
Nigerians is genetically modified. And I have said in my presentation that in a
place where there is no law, offence is not committed.

"Nigeria will end becoming a consuming nation of genetically modified organisms
or a dumping ground of genetically modified organisms."

He urged President Goodluck Jonathan to assent to the National Bio-safety
Management Bill is for an Act, to that ensure Genetically Modified Organisms,
GMOs, which were products of modern biotechnology were safe for human
consumption. The bill has sections for penalties for any offender who had
refused to follow a particular laid down terms and conditions.

"The bill serves as a safety valve in the adoption of the modern biotechnology
in the use of the product. If the bill is on ground with regulations in place,
Nigeria can use the technology to enhance the economy, generate employment, and
also make our farmers have more income.

"Without this bio-safety law in place I see Nigeria having serious problem in
the next few years," he added.

Meanwhile, in his paper entitled 'Stopping the False National Kite', Director,
HOMEF, Architect Nnimmo Bassey, argued that Nigeria cannot accept genetically
engineered foods despite the alleged move by the Minister of Agriculture and
Rural Development, Dr. Akinwumi Adesina, who had said Nigeria cannot be left
behind in accepting genetically engineered foods.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                            March 13, 2013 Wednesday

The Nepal-India...

LENGTH: 3240  words


The second important factor for maintaining open border by the British was to
have easy and free access of British and Indian manufactured goods into Nepal as
well as to Tibet wherein Nepal was the only easy and accessible route from India
before the discovery of Chumbi Valley route from Sikkim.. Moreover, the British
wanted to have secure and easy supply of raw materials from Nepal into India
such as timber and forest produce, herbs and medicinal plants, hides and skins,
etc.

1923 Treaty of Friendship between Great Britain and Nepal and Development of the
Tarai

The large scale involvement of men from the hills of Nepal in the World War I
led to the shortage of able-bodied youths, particularly the Magars and the
Gurungs, resulting in drastic decline in agriculture activities and shortage of
foodgrains in the hills. More than 200,000 Nepalese took part in the war with a
casualty of 20,000 men or one in every 10. In recognition of this assistance the
British government gave Nepal an annual gift of Rs. 100,000 in perpetuity and
the amount was increased to Rs. 200,000 after World War II (Mansergh and Moon,
1976:62).

Most of those who were retired and released from war duty after the war, instead
of coming back to Nepal, stayed in India where they could get employment in
police and para-military services, security services in factories, offices as
well as as domestic servants in Indian cities where they were in great demand
for their honesty, loyalty and hard work.

In recognition of the contribution of Nepal during World War I, the Treaty of
Friendship between Great Britain and Nepal signed at Kathmandu on 21 December
1923 recognised Nepal as a sovereign independent country, and this treaty erased
from the Nepalese mind the apprehension of invasion by the British. In order to
meet the foodgrains need of the country and to resettle the landless, Prime
Minister Chandra Shumsher initiated the development of the Tarai.

On the one hand, the clearing of the forests in the Tarai provided agricultural
lands and on the other hand, the sal tree that was felled provided much needed
timber to be used as sleepers for the expansion of Indian railways.

Due to the fear of malaria and unbearable heat of the Tarai, the hill people
were reluctant to move to the Tarai and the programme rather benefited the
immigrants from India. Moreover, development programmes of the Tarai during the
period of Chandra Shumsher like railways linking Amlekhganj to Raxaul and
Janakpur to Jayanagar, Chandra canal etc attracted more immigrants from India.

Chandra Shumsher abolished slavery in 1926 and the emancipated slaves were
resettled in Bicha Khori and which was named as Amlekhgunj, town of
emancipation. The freed slaves provided the labour for the construction of
railway from Raxaul to Amlekhgunj.

Industrialisation and Development in the Tarai

There has been significant contribution of the Indian technical manpower and
skilled immigrants to the industrialisation of the Tarai. During the period of
Prime Minister Juddha Shumsher, a lot of industries were established in
Biratnagar, Birganj and other areas of the Tarai in the process of
industrialisation in the Tarai. Industries were established in jute, cotton and
textile, matches, plywood and bobbin, pulses, rice, flour, oil, etc.

The skilled, semi-skilled and unskilled labour for these industries came from
India. Those living in the Tarai who had enough land to till for livelihood were
not in need of employment outside agriculture, while people from the hill areas,
who lacked technical and industrial skills were reluctant to move down to the
hot, humid and malarial Tarai and were more inclined to migrate to India for
employment.

Thus employment opportunities generated by industrialisation in the Tarai
benefited and attracted the Indian immigrants. This trend is still continuing.
After the Great Earthquake of 1934, a new modern township around New Road was
created in the Kathmandu city with new buildings and shopping lines; local
businessmen of Kathmandu and businesmen from India were invited to open up
shops.

The Marwaris some of whom have been settling before earthquake and the other
Indian business communities established shops at New Road and in and around
Indrachowk, while the original inhabitants who were displaced as a result of the
creation of New Road were resettled in Naya Bazar, the are a between Paknajol
and Balaju in Kathmandu.

The Nepal-India Treaty of 1950 and the Open Border

The Nepal-India Peace and Friendship Treaty which was signed on July 31, 1950
agreed to grant, on a reciprocal basis, to the nationals of one country in the
territory of the other the same privileges on matters of residence, ownership of
property, participation in trade and commerce, movement and other privileges of
a similar nature. It became a major turning point in the movement of Indians
into Nepal and was further reinforced by the Nepal India open border. However,
it did not materialise until the installation of democracy in February 1951,
which replaced the oligarchic Rana regime within three and a half months of the
signing of the Treaty.

It is said that in response to the evolution of incidents in Kashmir, the Nizam
State of Hyderabad and the Indian states and territories bordering China, Sardar
Patel, as he assumed the portfolio of Home Minister, strongly pleaded and
persuaded Prime Minister Nehru to impose some sort of control on Nepal and the
result was the Treaty of 1950 and it is clearly reflected in his letter to Nehru
(See appendix ).

It is to be noted that the Rana Government assisted Indian Government by sending
Nepalese troops, when India had to face problems in Hyderabad during
independence and in Kashmir in 1948.

Evolution of Major Events due to Nepal-India Open Border after the Installation
of Democracy in 1951 As per the agreement between the Nepali Congress and the
Rana regime, Mohan Shumsher who as the Prime Minister of Nepal signed the 1950
treaty became the Prime Minister after the installation of democracy in Nepal.

Democracy installed in the country actually implemented the spirit of the 1950
Treaty. The movement of Indians into Nepal was not only relaxed, but they also
started purchasing land, and were engaged in trade, commerce and other different
occupations.

The economic and employment opportunities created by the establishment and
development of industry, trade, education and health were capitalised by the
Indian immigrants by virtue of their capital, enterpreneurship, skill and
technology which the people of the hills as well as those of the Tarai lacked.

Those from the hills preferred to emigrate to India and Malaya for recruitment
in the army and other services rather than move to the hot, humid and malarial
Tarai to compete with the skilled migrants from India.

After the complete control over Tibet by China, Nepal witnessed a large influx
of about 16,000 Tibetan refugees who were rehabilitated in the camps established
at Jawalakhel in Lalitpur, Pokhara, Mustang, Solukhumbu, Baglung, etc.

As these refugees were rehabilitated by the International Red Cross and the UN
High Commissioner for Refugees and were involved in their traditional wool and
carpet industries, which provided income for their livelihood, their adverse
impact on Nepalese economy was hardly felt.

The transfer of technology provided by the Tibetan refugees in the carpet
industry rather proved to be a boon for Nepal, as carpet has been established as
the largest export and foreign exchange earning industry of Nepal providing
employment to more than 300,000 people.

Status of Open Border during Panchayat Period

The Nepalese who migrated to Burma via Assam during British rule in India in the
late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries settled in Burma and were engaged
in agriculture, dairy farming, trade and business. In 1964 when Burma (now
Myanmar) enforced the Burmese Citizenship Act, those Nepalese who opted for
Burmese citizenship stayed back in Burma and those who wanted to retain Nepalese
citizenship returned to Nepal. As the returning refugees were allowed to take
only limited property, Nepal Government had to take responsibility to resettle
them in Nepal.

Under the Israeli experts, the government established a Nepal Resettlement
Company to launch the first land resettlement in Nawalpur to the west of
Chitawan across the Narayani river with the objective of resettling the
landless, the natural disaster victims and Nepalese returning from Burma and
from North Eastern States of India (Kansakar, 1979:65).

There was also influx of domiciled Nepalese from North Eastern States of India,
who fled from the wrath of the native people who launched agitation against the
foreigners and also the Indians from outside that region (Kansakar, 1984:65).

In the mean time the government launched Land Reform programme with the
imposition of ceiling on maximum holdings so as to secure excess land above
ceiling and to distribute it among the landless in the country. As land reform
was launched in the different districts of the country at different stages, it
provided opportunities to the big landlords to make necessary arrangement to
adjust their lands among their families and relatives.

Thus the excess land likely to be received from land reform was far below the
expectation of the government. Moreover, landlords started evicting the tenants
from their land to avoid conferring tenancy rights.

The government could not meet the demand of the people aspiring for land under
resettlement programme and the result was the reckless deforestation of the
Tarai forests by migrants from the hills who started moving to the Tarai after
the eradication of malaria.

Moreover, after the enactment of land reform programme, the landlords started
tilling their land with the help of immigrant labour from India, because
foreigners were neither entitled to purchase land nor were they entitled to have
tenancy rights.

This led to the large scale influx of migrant labourers from India, and with the
passage of time they became eligible to get Nepalese citizenship. Over time, the
Tarai witnessed large-scale influx of population from within the hills and the
mountain areas of Nepal as well as from India. In order to meet the demand of
labour and services in different sectors and population of the Tarai, further
influx of immigrants with different skills took place from India.

Land Reform and Open Border

As already stated, the big landlords were able to dislodge tenants so as to
avoid conferring tenancy rights under the Land Reform Act. As a result, a large
number of low caste people and untouchables like Mushahar, Dom, Chamar, Bantar,
Tatma, Dhobi, etc.

were deprived of tenancy rights and were compelled to work as agriculture labour
in the farms of the landlord and were allowed to stay there.

They became landless with no land and housing property of their own. As a
result, they were deprived of the Nepali citizenship certificate for which
property ownership of land or house is essential.

However, their names have been enrolled on the voter list. Political parties
have raised issues, particularly by the Nepal Sadbhabana Party regarding the
need for conferring citizenship certificate on 4 million Nepalese in the Tarai.

The exact number of Nepalese who have not got citizenship certificate is not
known. Most of the Commissions constituted to investigate the issue of
citizenship have come up with ad hoc figures without any details regarding the
name, address and age of those who have not yet got Nepalese citizenship.

However, none of the political parties has launched campaign to prepare the list
of bonafide Nepalese who have not yet got citizenship certificate. The landless
of the Tarai like Mushahar, Dom, Chamar, Bantar, Tatma, Dhobi, etc.

have been deprived of several benefits to which a Nepali citizen is entitled,
and being the landless they have neither been able to get land under
resettlement programme nor could they buy land. It is alleged that the political
leaders and government officials are interested in securing Nepali citizenship
certificate for Indians who could afford to spend money.

There are reports and complaints that foreigners ineligible for Nepali
citizenship have also acquired citizenship by means of false declaration or
fraud or undue influence, malpractice and corruption (New Era, June 2000:7.69).
Moreover, the big landlords could avoid the ceiling on land under Land Reform
Act by converting their land for commercial farming like horticulture farm and
tea plantation.

These commercial farms could not get and employ Nepalese labour force as the
latter could easily secure land under land resettlement programme or by
illegally clearing government forests. So the commercial farms and tea
plantations had to secure migrant labour from India. Thus agricultural and
industrial development in the Tarai as well as in the service sectors attracted
migrant workers from India.

Open Border and the Bhutanese Refugees

Nepal and Bhutan are separated by a wide stretch of Indian territory, Darjeeling
district of West Bengal State and Sikkim State. Bhutan and India have no open
border. However, because of the open border between Nepal and India they could
easily enter into Nepal via Indian territory. In reality, the first place of
asylum for the Bhutanese refugees is India.

Under international convention, it is the responsibility of India to settle them
in India by establishing refugee camps, but India drove them into Nepal. The
Bhutanese refugees represent different Nepalese ethnic and caste groups, but it
does not mean that they have directly migrated to Bhutan from Nepal. Lots of
them have migrated from different parts of eastern and north-eastern India as
well.

Nearly 100,000 Bhutanese refugees are resettled in the camps in Jhapa and Morang
districts. Though they live in the closed camps with barbed wire fencing, their
movements outside are not restricted, and they are also able to cross the barbed
wire fencing easily.

This has affected the natural, social and economic environment of the
surrounding areas, because they are engaged in illegal cutting of trees in the
government forests, are engaged in business and work as cheap labour thereby
affecting the business and employment of the local community.

It is also alleged that a lot of Bhutanese refugees have been able to secure
Nepalese citizenship through illegal means. Moreover, a lot of the Indians of
Nepalese origin have also migrated to Bhutan, and naturally a large numbers of
them must be Indians. It is not known when the Bhutanese refugee problem will be
solved.

Prospects, Problems and Challenges arising from Nepal India Open Border

None of the treaties between Nepal and India ever mentions the procedures for
the regulation of the Nepal-India border. The trade agreement has specified the
agreed routes for mutual trade. But there is no agreement regarding movement of
the people and the agreed routes for movement of people of both countries along
the border.

As for trade, there are 22 agreed transit and customs posts along the
Nepal-India border. The concept of open border between Nepal and India has still
remained an enigma. Besides, there are several sub-customs posts. It is alleged
that it is possible to have illegal movement of people and goods in
collaboration with personnel deputed in those posts.

There is no denying the fact that it is not unusual from the practical point of
view to have illegal smuggling of goods, trafficking of girls to brothels in
Indian cities, trafficking in narcotic drugs, arms and ammunition and movement
of criminals and terrorists. In principle, both Nepal and India have positively
agreed to control such illegal activities along the border, but there is lack of
an effective and practical approach.

So far as smuggling from Nepal to India is concerned, Mr. Sriman Narayan, the
former Indian ambassador to Nepal, had once described it as smuggling by the
Indians, to the Indians and for the Indians because of the craze for foreign
goods in India and the import of Chinese goods (Sriman Narayan, 1970: 84). Inder
Malhotra, a noted Indian Journalist, has remarked," Nepal's economic needs
should be treated with maximum understanding and generosity even if India has to
suffer losses here and there, provided no grave damage is done to the Indian
economy.

India's unwillingness to adopt such attitude has been due to the diversion of
import and export between Nepal and India in which a particularly unsavoury
group of Indian businessmen in Nepal have been the main promoter as well as
beneficiaries of the various rackets. If allowed unchecked, the activities of
these ugly Indians may do incalculable damage to Indo-Nepal relations"
(Malhotra, 1970:6).

Since the start of Nepal's foreign trade with the third countries, Indian
business and industrial enterpreneurs started pouring into Nepal to benefit from
the provision of foreign trade, because of the high demand for foreign
manufactured goods in India and restriction on the import of foreign goods from
abroad as well as very high import duties. Nepal became safe haven for the
Indian business community to import foreign goods, which had a high demand in
India, and to smuggle them to India.

In the process of industrialisation in Nepal, Indians came in the forefront for
investment by taking advantage of facilities such as foreign exchange to import
machinery and raw materials, excise and tax exemption and foreign exchange bonus
for the export of goods manufactured in Nepal.

But the government's attempt to develop industries received a setback, because
most of the Indian industrialists indulged in misappropriation of foreign
exchange by importing second grade machinery and excessive raw materials to sell
them in India. Recent incidents of the import of Indian carpets and garments
into Nepal and their re-export to third country as Nepal's own products have
rendered incalculable damage to the carpet and garment industries of Nepal.

It will be no exaggeration to state that this is due to the existence of massive
corruption in the government bureaucracy, ad hoc policies, rules and decisions
based on them, and lack of monitoring and evaluation. Moreover, there is no
denying the fact that customs on both sides of the border are involved in
corrupt practices.

Despite the provision of access to market India for a large number of Nepalese
manufactured goods with reduction in customs tariff as agreed under the trade
agreement between Nepal and India, the problem lies with the non-tariff barrier,
such as harassment to the Nepalese exporters by customs personnel and police
patrols on the ground that they have not received any directives from the
central government, or the items have more foreign components than stipulated in
the treaty, and so on. . Nepal has been charged with dumping of Nepalese goods
into India.

As a result the extension of the trade treaty has not taken place. It is in the
state of stalemate due to the demand of the Indian government that the provision
of the quantum of foreign component included in Nepalese manufactured goods must
be reduced.

Despite the export of Nepalese manufactured goods as per the trade agreement,
the trade deficit of Nepal with India has remained several times high and India
has not shown any indication to reduce the trade deficit of Nepal with India.
India has agreed to extend the present trade treaty for another three months
only.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Belleville News

                              March 7, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture Minister announces $127,000 investment in Belleville's Donini
Chocolate

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 282  words


Belleville-Things just got even sweeter at Donini Chocolate in Belleville,
thanks to an influx of cash from Growing Forward 2, a
federal/territorial/provincial funding program for Canadian agri-food
businesses. Jeff Leal, Ontario's Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural
Affairs, visited the Bell Boulevard company on Monday, March 7, to announce the
$127,000 grant. The money is creating five new full-time jobs, as well as
increasing automation and productivity, increasing processing capacity and
expanding international sales.

Leal said the agriculture and food industry "is only second to the auto industry
in importance" in Ontario, and Growing Forward 2 represents a very significant
investment in this sector. "We know how important it is top focus on job
creation in towns like Belleville," Leal said. Among those attending the
announcement Monday was Prince Edward/Hastings HPP Todd Smith. "It's great to
see that the government is making an investment in Donini," Smith said. Donini
operations manager Tom Copping said the family-run chocolate company came to
Belleville in the 1950s after many generations as chocolate-makers in Italy.
"We've been making fine European-style chocolate (in Belleville) since 1955,"
Copping said. "It's very much hand-made." Copping said the demand for Donini
chocolate products has increased to the point where they needed help to increase
production to meet the demand. "That's one of the reasons we asked for help - we
couldn't keep up!" he said. "This is the little jewel in Belleville that we
think makes the best chocolate in North America." The grant is part of
$1.9-million investment in Ontario's agri-food sector as part of Growing Forward
2.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                                 Copyright 2016
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

Water released from dams for 'kar' paddy cultivation

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Tirunelveli


Tirunelveli, June 10 -- Even as the reservoirs in the district have started
receiving significant influx of water following the onset of southwest monsoon,
Collector M. Karunakaran released water from Papanasam dam on Thursday for 'kar'
paddy cultivation.


 Speaking to reporters after releasing water, Dr. Karunakaran said the discharge
of water from Papanasam, Manimuthar and Servalar dams would be sustained up to
October 31. The release of water from the dams in North Kodaimelazhagiyan, South
Kodaimelazhagiyan, Nadhiyunni, Kannadiyan, Kodagan and Palayam Channels would
benefit the crop to be planted on 20,595 acres.
 "The State government has ordered release of 600 cusecs of water from the dams
and the quantum of discharge will be increased if the influx increases due to
active monsoon. The water release will benefit the farmers of Ambasamudram,
Nanguneri, Tirunelveli and Palayamkottai taluks," Dr. Karunakaran said.
 He appealed to the farmers to follow System of Rice Intensification method to
get the maximum yield by using minimum quantity of water.
 Cheranmahadevi Sub-Collector V. Vishnu, PWD Superintending Engineer Abdul
Hameed, Joint Director of Agriculture P.S. Karunakaran and Ambasamudram
Tahsildar Irudhayaraj were present.
 Rainfall
 With 99 mm rainfall in the catchment areas on Thursday, Papanasam dam received
an inflow of 6,248 cusecs, and water level rose from 67 feet to 76 feet.
 The level in Servalar dam rose from 84 feet to 103.80 feet after the catchment
areas recorded a rainfall of 24 mm.
 Meanwhile, the tourists visiting Courtallam were allowed to take bath in all
the waterfalls on Thursday.
 While the areas close to the Western Ghats received significant rainfall,
taluks like Radhapuram, Nanguneri, Tirunelveli and Palayamkottai experienced
mild drizzle.
 Rainfall recorded at various places in the district was (in mm): Papanasam dam
99, Adavinainar dam 51, Manimuthar dam 34, Shencottai 31, Aayikudi 30.50, Gadana
dam 25, Servalar dam 24, Tenkasi 23.90, Kodumudiyar dam 17, Ramanadhi dam 16,
Karuppanadhi dam 12, Ambasamudram 8.90, Nanguneri 8, Sankarankovil 7,
Cheranmahadevi 4.40, Radhapuram 4.20, Tirunelveli 4 and Palayamkottai 1.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 20, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Every Edition

Tom Vilsack, Secretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture

SECTION: SPECIAL NEWS; Pg. H04

LENGTH: 187 words


Tom VilsackSecretary, U.S. Department of Agriculture

The average age of an American farmer is . . . pretty close to 60 years old. So
that's an issue. The good news is, though, we've seen an influx of people in
their late 20s or early 30s who have expressed an interest in getting in this
business, and we have a lot of returning veterans coming out of military service
that we think are potentially very interested in getting back to the land. Just
a side note, 16 percent of America's population lives in rural America on those
farms or ranches, but they contribute nearly 40 percent of military.

Hungry people oftentimes are angry people. The more we address hunger [abroad],
the more secure we will be as a nation and the more secure those nations will
be. . . . Just before I came here, I was reading a document that required a
certain level of clearance and it was all about improving agriculture in a
country that is critical to us. By improving agriculture, we become a safer
country here. If you look at some of the unrest in the Middle East, part of it
is caused by the high cost of food or the unavailability of food.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

Brexit-will UK leave the EU?

LENGTH: 1143 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 24 -- To begin with, the United Kingdom (UK) was reluctant to
join the European Union (EU), known as European Economic Co-operation (EEC) in
its earlier incarnation. The original nomenclature was of course, the European
Coal and Steel Union, the brainchild of Monet, the French statesman who dreamt
of a united Europe. U.K.'s lack of enthusiasm to join the EEC was due to the
apprehension of losing leadership in Europe within a bigger entity. It,
therefore, went ahead with the parallel project of European Free Trade agreement
with the European non-members of EEC, particularly the Nordic countries. When
EEC became a more viable and successful association the U.K. changed its tack
and began negotiation for membership starting in 1957. It took long 16 years
before the negotiations came to fruition. Apart from the complexities of the
process involved the almost pathological distrust of the French President
Charles de Gaulle about the U.K. was the main reason for this long-drawn-out
preparatory talks.

From the very beginning the U.K. was critical of some of the policies of EEC and
made no bones about it. It resented having to fund for the implementation of the
Common Agriculture Policy which benefited the continental farmers more than the
British. The social and labour policies of EEC were also not to the liking of
the U.K. which wanted to stick to its own. As EEC expanded its membership (at
present 28) and the scope of its activities ballooned, politicians in the U.K.
grumbled about loss of sovereignty and supremacy. The U.K. stayed away from the
rest of the members when the decision was taken to issue Schengen Visa allowing
entry to foreign visitors to all EU member countries. It did not join the common
currency regime when Euro was introduced.

With European Union the question was always whether this extraordinary project
of supra-national union will hold together. It remained a recurrent worry in the
context of U.K's misgivings and reservations. That concern has risen with the
real possibility that the U.K. will hold a referendum on leaving the bloc during
the next general election. More and more people in the U.K., including
politicians, now believe that the EU does not serve their interests. The idea of
living outside the Union like Norway and Switzerland has grown stronger.

The anti-EU Independence Party in the U.K. won its first two seats in parliament
in 2014. Since then it is using its mandate to set much of the political agenda
on the basis of anti-EU stand. After two decades of unsuccessful campaign
against EU the Independence Party has found an issue that resonates with general
public. The continuous flow of immigrants from the EU, particularly the East
Europe, has sent alarm bell ringing among the people about the threat of being
swamped with influx of job seekers. Many now believe that leaving the bloc is
the only way to stem the flow of immigration.

In an effort to stop voters from leaving the EU the Conservative Party prime
minister David Cameroon has promised a referendum on the subject by the end of
2017 if he wins the general election in May this year. At the same time he has
declared that renegotiation will be made in terms of U.K. membership. His
strategy includes new power to withhold welfare payments from migrants.

The U.K. joined the European Economic Commission 16 years after it was formed in
1957. Arguments to leave the association began soon after among British
politicians. In a U.K. referendum on the question in 1975 most of politicians
and media argued that staying in the EEC was in the best interest for the U.K.
economy. The EEC offered a bigger market for British product along with the
benefits of a customs union. The referendum was won by a margin of 2 to 1. But
prime minister John Major's government almost collapsed in 1993 when some of his
party law makers voted against him over the signing of the Maastricht Treaty by
which expanded cooperation was introduced creating the European Union.
Scepticism over the EU membership led to the exclusion of U.K. from the single
currency when Euro was launched in 1999. The critics felt gleefully vindicated
when the Eurozone was plunged in debt crisis beginning from 2008.

European Union allowed membership to eight eastern European countries in 2004.
It triggered an influx of immigrants that strained public services, particularly
welfare benefits. It also soured relations with natives as low-wage jobs went to
migrants. According to an estimate, the share of foreign-born residents in the
U.K. rose to 13.4 per cent of the population of U.K. by 2011. This was double
the level in 1991. The new immigrants have been attracted by the healthy growth
of the U.K. economy which is growing at twice the pace of the core zone in the
Union. The U.K. is the third biggest country in terms of geography and
population, next to Germany and France. For east European it is easier to get
jobs in the U.K. than in France and Germany because of the present state of
labour market.

The prospect of Brexit - Britain's possibility of exit from the Union - has led
to fresh debate between rival groups in the U.K. The euro-sceptics say the EU
wants to grow into a super state with a huge bureaucracy that would impinge more
on national sovereignty. They point out that the U.K. is a global power in its
own right, having a seat in the UN Security Council. It would negotiate better
trade treaties without being compromised by the protectionist policy of the EU.
Advocates of membership point out that the EU is the country's largest export
market. Global companies have established their offices in the U.K. because they
have tariff-free access to EU market. It is also pointed out that the country
has benefited from free movement of labour that provides a pool of cheap and
skilled labour.

The threat of a British exit (Brexit) has found EU countries engaged in a debate
about what can be done to stop the move. Germany in particular wants to keep the
U.K. as a free-market counterbalance to France. The interest of France in the
matter is lukewarm; it was never very enthusiastic about British membership.

As Scottish vote on independence recently showed the voters of U.K. will
ultimately opt for a bigger organisation even if that means conceding some part
of sovereignty. Once the influx of immigrants is stabilised the resentment of
people against the Union will become muted. The U.K. will not wish to be left
isolated as an island country. The feeling of bigness that comes with EU
membership will be prized. But it may extract a few concessions in its favour as
the price for remaining a member.

hasnat.hye5@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Opportunities taken

BYLINE: Carol Todoruk, For L-P Specialty Products

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. AA2

LENGTH: 726 words


Formed at the confluence of railway lines a scant few miles from an
international border, fuelled by agriculture and oil, southeast Saskatchewan's
Opportunity City has seized all its opportunities for 100 years.

Like many prairie communities of the day, the railway was the lifeblood that
brought the people and supplies to grow the fledgling community of Weyburn.

Unlike many other towns and cities, however, Weyburn had the extra benefit of
several railways - the Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR), the Soo Line and the
Grand Trunk - bringing people and supplies from virtually every direction.

Anticipating a land rush, the CPR established a land office at Weyburn in 1899,
and homesteaders from eastern Canada soon began arriving. They were followed by
an influx of Americans early in the new century with the construction of the
Soo. As a result, the population of Weyburn climbed from 113 in 1901 to 3,050 by
1916. Local amateur historian Jim Nedelcov said the influx was aided by a land
agent who used his own private rail car to bring in newcomers. "That spurred
things along," he said.

The way the community got its name is probably apocryphal. The story goes that,
on a hot summer's afternoon long ago, an exploring Scot came across the Souris
River and was said to have exclaimed: "Wee Burn," or "small water." Thus, the
community became known as Wee Burn, later changing its spelling to the present
"Weyburn." It was incorporated as a village in 1900, attained town status three
years later and received its city charter on Sept. 1, 1913.

While Weyburn grew steadily throughout the first half of the 20th century, the
development of the area's oil industry in the 1950s was a catalyst for
significant growth. Today, the community's broad economy is based on
agricultural shipping and services, oilfield exploration, development and
services, manufacturing and processing, and business and industrial services.

"There are so many," said Nedelcov, when asked to name the critical event in
Weyburn's history. Like other places on the Prairies at the turn of the century,
the new community relied on the now-renowned Saskatchewan spirit to move ahead.
"We were fortunate to have some local businessmen with the gumption to get up
and get things done," he said.

Like most of us, Nedelcov is awed by the strength and resilience of the new
settlers who built Weyburn and Saskatchewan. "They were the builders and the
shakers who made us what we are," he said. "We so often forget them, other than
naming streets for them. Few of us now recognize the real contribution many of
these people made. They're the ones I really appreciate.

Often, when driving to Regina, I look out over the plains and think, 'Boy, the
pioneers lived here in February with all the snow and no one around for miles
and miles. How did they do it?' " Something to remember the next time we
complain about having to walk too far to the mall.

While it was the people who built the community, Nedelcov believes it was an
actual building that gave Weyburn one of its main pushes into the future.

The Weyburn Mental Hospital (WMH), or Souris Valley Regional Care Centre, opened
in 1921 with a capacity of 900 patients, 60 nurses and 60 attendants.

Only the second such facility in the province (the other was built 10 years
earlier at North Battleford), the WMH soon expanded, adding a second wing with
room for a total of 3,000 patients and staff. The largest of its kind in the
country at the time, the hospital soon developed a reputation for cutting-edge
treatments and psychiatric drug research, including the use of what would later
become the '60s hippie staple - LSD.

All those people, both staff and patients, couldn't help but have an impact on
the community. "Oh, it was something," Nedelcov said. "It spurred everything. It
was like a city within the city. It had everything." Closed in 1971 and
demolished in 2009, the memories of the hospital live on, in more ways than one
- over the years, the building developed a reputation for being haunted.

Ghostly or real, the history of Weyburn lives on, in its vital economic and
cultural life and, as always, in the strength and resilience of its people.

You can be part of the city's past and future: join the Weyburn Centennial
Homecoming Celebration, Aug. 1 to 5, in conjunction with the Weyburn Wheat
Festival. Find out more at weyburn100.ca.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2013 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

Census data reveals the changing face of the city

BYLINE: Vivienne Nicoll

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 505 words


GLASGOW'S multi-cultural make-up has been revealed in a new report.

Details from the last census, which collected data from Scotland's population in
2011, show that Glasgow has one of the most diverse  range of cultures in the
country.

The latest information shows almost half of Glasgow's full-time students belong
to an ethnic minority.

The City Council has studied the detailed findings of the last census carried
out in 2011 to get a breakdown of the ethnic make up of the city.

It has discovered 23,500 of the city's 64,400 full-time students belong to an
ethnic minority.

In 2011, more than 17% of the city's population belonged to an ethnic minority.

A report to councillors states the growth of 15,400 in Glasgow's population
between 2001 and 2011 was down to the rising population of ethnic minority
groups.

Over that period the British white population fell by 34,200.

It adds: "The 'other white' population has grown substantially in Glasgow
through the influx of migrants from Poland and other European countries - 8400
people identified themselves as white Polish in the 2011 census."

Calton has had the highest influx of the category described in the census as
'other white' which is made up of Irish, Gypsy/Traveller, Polish and other white
nationalities.

There was also significant increases in people from the same group in areas from
Broomhill and Greater Govan in the west to Greater Gorbals and Tollcross/West
Shettleston in the east.

South Nitshill/Darnley     recorded the biggest increase in the black ethnic
minority population, but there were also large increases in Springburn,
Sighthill/Roystonhill, Ruchill/Possilpark, the City Centre, Calton,
Ibrox/Kingston, Greater Gorbals,          Pollokshields East and Govanhill.

Since 2001 there has been a change in the make-up of the city's black ethnic
minority population.

Despite a rise in the number of Pakistanis, they made up only 33% of the BME
(Black Minority Ethnic) community compared to 49% a decade earlier. This is
because of an above average rise in the African and Caribbean population - from
6% in 2001 to 21% in 2011.

Over the same period the Chinese population rose from 12% to 16%.

More than 30% of the white Scottish, white Irish and white Gypsy/Traveller
groups in Glasgow have one or more long-term health conditions, with the white
Polish recording the lowest rate at 9.3%.

In 2011, the number of people in the city born outside the UK had doubled to
12%, compared with a rise for Scotland from almost 4% in 2001 to 7% in 2011.

Southside Central councillor Soryia Siddique said; "Glasgow is an increasingly
diverse and  welcoming city. My parents came to UK in the 70s and fell in love
with Glasgow and decided to make it their home.

"It is recognised the increasing diverse population adds to the richness of our
great city in terms of food, culture, music and economic advancements.

"My family like others include a broad background of engineers, teachers,
scientist and business and we endeavour to give back to our great city.

"People make Glasgow."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ETI


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Aquino missed regional issues

BYLINE: JEFRY TUPAS, JULMUNIR JANNARAL, RHAYDZ BARCIA, BELLY OTORDOZ, LYDIA
PENDON, MOH SAADUDDIN, ROGELIO LIMPIN, ERNIE ESCONDE and THOM PICAnA

LENGTH: 687 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

Agrarian reform, autonomous region in Cordillera, support services for farmers
and genuine electoral reform are among the issues that President Benigno Aquino
3rd failed to tackle in his last State of the Nation Address, said officials and
activists from different parts of the country.

Despite this development, many continue to expect that he would fulfil promises
that were made at the start of his term including Mindanao-based leaders.

"Based on investment and the economy, we are better now compared to previous
administrations. On a scale of 1 to 10, I give the administration a 7. I will
give the president credit," said Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte.

But he pointed out that efforts should be made that the poor would feel economic
gains of the government.

Muslim leaders remain hopeful that the Aquino administration will pursue peace
process efforts and implement development projects in southern Philippines.

Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) Gov. Mujiv Hataman lauded the
implementation of development projects in Mindanao as he also noted an influx of
investments in the region.

"We saw the influx of investments and today, the business sector continues to
put a keen interest in us. Economic investments are at an all-time high, funding
for infrastructure, especially in connecting the island provinces to the
mainland, have been approved, and renewed support for the agricultural sector
has been felt by our farmers and fisherfolk across the region," he added.

Datu Yusoph Boyog Mama, a Muslim leader based in Marawi City, said he is
likewise hoping that Aquino will make good his promise to help restore peace in
Mindanao.

Hataman, Lanao del Sur Gov. Mamintal "Bombit" Adiong Jr., Maguindanao Gov.
Esmael "Toto" Mangudadatu and North Cotabato Gov. Emmylou "Lala" Talino-Mendoza
attended the event at the Batasang Pambansa.

Aquino endorsed the Bang-samoro Basic Law (BBL) as among the proposals he wished
to be passed during his term. He even challenged those who oppose the
legislative measure to put forward a better solution.

Baguio Cong. Nicasio Aliping, who had been pushing for the creation of the
Cordillera Autonomous Region (CAR), noted this.

"But while there is no mention (of the CAR), it will be our inspiration to
legislate for our common right," said Aliping.

As Aquino delivered his SONA in Quezon City, some 200 members of civil society
groups in Albay led by Bayan Muna staged a protest rally at Penaranda Park
expressing their sentiments against the Aquino administration.

In Kidapawan City, several groups expressed their grievances including Apo
Sandawa Lumadnong Panag-hiusa sa Cotabato, Kilusang Mag-bubukid ng Pilipinas,
and Free Toppers Federation Cotabato.

The Kaisahan ng mga Maliliit na Magsasaka in Bataan said the promises of Aquino
did not materialize as they asked for the implementation of agrarian reform and
support services for farmers.

In Quezon province, former Lucena Mayor Ramon Talaga Jr. expressed dismay that
in the last SONA of the President, he continued to criticize his
predecessor\x97Pampanga Rep. Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.

In Iloilo City, many residents took note of changes in government policy against
corruption and the incarceration of three Philippine senators due to corruption
charges.

However, Erma Santerva, of Family Planning Organization of the Philippines
(FPOP), said the President must be cited for passing the law on responsible
parenthood but this is not enough because the law has not yet been implemented.

Datu Mama also urged President Aquino to impose genuine electoral reforms.

"Democracy is only realized through clean and honest elections, and it will
protect the Filipino citizen's fundamental right to vote," he said.

There were also preparations done a few days before the SONA in Cavite and the
Bicol region to avoid untoward incidents.

Albay Gov. Joey Sarte Salceda, meanwhile, ordered the suspension of classes in
both public and private schools across the province on Monday.

He said the young people could learn from listening to the SONA together with
their family.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           September 13, 2013 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Games 'will bring trafficking victims to Scotland'

BYLINE: Ellen Thomas

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 294 words


MSPs fear that next year's Commonwealth Games could lead to an influx of victims
of human trafficking to Scotland, the European Commission's anti-trafficking
co-ordinator has heard.

Myria Vassiliadou, the first person specifically tasked by the European Union's
governing body to tackle trafficking, has urged the Scottish Government to make
people who procure sex and consumer goods from victims its top anti-trafficking
priority.

Studies have shown that authorities must be vigilant to human trafficking during
large sporting events, she told Holyrood's European and External Relations
Committee.

Human trafficking is worth $32 billion (£20bn), Ms Vassiliadou said.

Three-fifths (61%) of victims of trafficking in the EU are EU citizens, she
added. Victims are trafficked for sex, forced labour in sectors such as
construction and agriculture, and health.

Labour MSP Hanzala Malik said: "We're going to have the Commonwealth Games in
Glasgow and, like many others, I am very fearful that nearer the time there may
be an influx of victims."

Ms Vassiliadou added: "It's very important when it comes to large-scale events,
especially sporting events. Sometimes we try to undermine the importance of that
for all sorts of reasons. There have been a lot of studies to demonstrate that
we have to be very vigilant indeed."

Committee convener Christina McKelvie, also co-convener of Holyrood's
cross-party group on human trafficking, said: "One of the most horrifying things
that I have heard is that this industry is worth $32 billion.

That's just short of our entire Scottish Budget if it was in pounds, and that's
absolutely unbelievable to think that billions of dollars are being used to fund
criminal lifestyles when we are trying to deliver health, education and
justice."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2013 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                   Central & North Burnett Times (Queensland)

                               September 29, 2016

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 250  words

CQ producers have their say

A NEW inquiry will give Central Queensland agriculture operators a say on the
future expansion of the state's food production Acting Premier Curtis Pitt has
announced. Mr Pitt said food manufacturing was one sector where new
opportunities were likely to open up to meet the demands from the Asian markets.
Manufacturing is estimated to have contributed $20.3 billion to the Queensland
economy in 2014-15 and accounted for $15.9 billion in international exports.

Producers access millions in recovery dollars

ENCOURAGED by widespread unseasonal downpours, Queensland farmers are applying
for recovery assistance. Agriculture Minister Leanne Donaldson said there has
been an influx of applications for low-interest loans. "QRAA received $75
million to support new lending under the Drought Concessional Loans Scheme and
the Drought Recovery Concessional Loans Scheme," she said. "With interest rates
at a 2.66%, and up to $1 million available under each scheme for eligible
farmers, the best advice is to contact QRAA without delay."

Acting premier talks asset sale

ACTING Premier Curtis Pitt repeated the State Government's stance on state asset
sales. "I stated quite clearly there is no change to the government's position
and we will not be putting assets up for sale," Mr Pitt said. The government has
heard people through their votes at the last two state elections and has moved
to assure voters that income-generating state assets will remain in state hands
Mr Pitt said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KCN


                    Copyright 2016 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Soon, scheme to revive agri in khazan lands

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 422 words


Panaji: The agriculture department is shortly rolling out a subsidy scheme with
other incentives to revive agriculture in khazan lands, offering farmers 15,000
per hectare to clear weeds and bushes to bring it under

cultivation.

Goa has 18,000 hectares of fertile khazan lands, but hardly 4,000ha is being
tilled by farmers. Non-cultivation of vast stretches due to costly inputs of
labour and influx

of saline water in cultivable areas has led to uncontrolled growth of
vegetation.

The reported increase in green cover in the state a few years ago is actually
the spreading mangrove cover in khazan land, sources said.

"The one-time financial assistance has been envisaged to salvage whatever
remains of khazan lands. If the fields remain barren, the mangrove cover will
spread and these patches will be declared private forests and will be lost to
agriculture," Orlando Rodrigues, director of agriculture department, said.

Clearing the vegetation poses a challenge, as some patches of khazans have been
uncultivated even for a couple of decades or more. "Removing the weeds or bushes
will be difficult and machinery will have to be used to uproot them," Rodrigues
said.

The scheme also extends to clearing hill sides with cashew and other
plantations. Growth of invasive and other species of plants has reduced
accessibility and affected the crop. But mangrove species and trees which are
classified under the forest act will not be touched under the clean-up project.

But some farmers pointed out that mangrove cover forms the main obstruction to
farming activity. "Mangrove cover has increased in the fields and without
clearing it, farming may not be possible," Eknath Mapari, a farmer from Chorao,
said.

The breaches to bunds have also contributed to the neglect of farming in some
areas. The central government's allocation of 150 crore for repairs is likely to
prove useful in controlling ingress of salinity. "The funds can be utilized in
three years for strengthening the bunds," Rodrigues said.

As additional incentives to farmers, the department will disburse the korgutt
variety of rice free to farmers. A total of three tonnes of this hardy variety
was distributed during the current kharif season.

Further, farmers raising cashew and mango crops will be eligible for financial
assistance of 30,000 per hectare for planting saplings of the same crops. "But
the assistance to clear weeds will be disbursed only after confirmation that the
cleared area is brought under cultivation," Rodrigues said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               February 02, 2015

How Jonathan Ran Nigeria's Economy Aground - APC

BYLINE: Onyebuchi Ezigbo and Chuks Okocha

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The All Progressives Congress (APC) said the Jonathan- led administration has
succeeded in running the country's economy aground, alleging a combination of
incompetence, massive corruption and unparalleled profligacy.

The party said Nigerians cannot afford to reward the President with another four
years.

"The only reason the Jonathan Administration and the PDP have been engaging in a
campaign of mudslinging rather than of issues is to distract the attention of
Nigerians from the very serious state of the nation's economy, but we have
decided to redirect the ongoing electioneering campaign to issues," the party
said in a statement issued in Lagos on Monday by its National Publicity
Secretary, Alhaji Lai Mohammed.

But describing the APC claim as the height of intellectual fraud, the PDP
restated some of the accomplishments of the PDP, which give a lie to APC's
allegations.

For instance, it said, the nation has become the primary investment destination
in Africa under the Jonathan administration, and that this is visible in the
unprecedented growth of the private sector and influx of foreign direct
investments in manufacturing, agriculture, retail, construction, hospitality,
oil and gas, communication among others, with massive employment opportunities
for millions of Nigerians.

PDP National Publicity Secretary, Olisa Metuh, said in a statement that the
influx of international retail giants and the rebirth of shopping malls in all
major cities of the country attest to the nation's encouraging economic
statistics and stronger purchasing power of the citizens.

The party said the business-friendly environment created by the Jonathan
administration has also led to the revival of the manufacturing sector with
leading car manufacturers such as Nissan, Hyundai and Kia setting up factories
in addition to indigenous Innosons, Peugeot Nigeria and ANAMCO, providing
business and employment for Nigerians.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                            March 17, 2001, Saturday

Cattle Markets to Be Closed to Preempt Foot-and-Mouth

LENGTH: 257 words


   A total of 142 cattle markets across the country would be shut down under a
government policy to head off a possible influx of the rapidly spreading
foot-and-mouth disease, according to the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry
yesterday (MOAF) We have decided to shut down the 142 cattle markets around the
nation for the time being to prevent the animal disease from spreading,'' said
the ministry.

Some 20,000 public workers will be mobilized for a comprehensive quarantine and
sterilization drive.

The government came up with the decision in a meeting of officials from six
related ministries, such as the Ministry of Government Administration and Home
Affairs, the Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry, and the Ministry of
Construction and Transportation. A few provincial governments were also
involved.

The officials agreed to carry out intensive quarantine checks on tourists
arriving from infected areas such as the UK, France, and Mongolia.

The tourists will be subject to thorough investigation covering all of their
belongings and cargo,'' said officials from the Construction and Transportation
Ministry.

The use of pork, beef and related processed goods will be banned on airplanes
and ships. Visitors from infected nations are urged not to visit livestock pens
for at least 14 days after their arrival.

Other preventive measures include installing sterilizing boards at 28 major
ports, strengthening x-ray probes for detection of meats at airports and
stepping up efforts to prevent smuggling via sea.


LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2001 Hankook Ilbo


                              252 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                     November 11, 2008 Tuesday 2:13 PM  EST

Import tax to boost agriculture

BYLINE: Report from Daily Mirror brought to you by HT Syndication.

LENGTH: 164  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, Nov. 11 -- Agriculture Development Minister Maithripala Sirisena told
Parliament yesterday that it is a matter for shame that Sri Lanka still imports
Kurakkan every year.

Minister Sirisena said the country still imports grains such as cowpea, and an
import tax had been imposed in the budget to discourage the influx of such
foreign items to the local market.

The minister said plans are afoot to develop the local agriculture as described
in the 2009 budget.

"This type of food crops can be grown in our country. The import tax on them is
an encouraging factor to boost the local agriculture," he said.

Last year, the minister said Rs. 175 million had been spent to import fruit
items such as apple and grapes.

"The import tax has been increased on them now. Recently I was in Cyprus where
Bandakka is Rs. 900 a kilo and Manioc Rs. 600 a kilo. These are vegetable
varieties lushly grown in Sri Lanka," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror.

-878142

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


                      Copyright 2008 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             June 16, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Housing costs rising

BYLINE: Neil Scott, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 546  words


That proverbial money pit -- known otherwise as home ownership -- is getting
deeper in Saskatchewan and potentially swallowing up one-third of a typical
family's income, according to a study released Friday.

That's "a lot higher'' than just a year ago, said Derek Holt, the assistant
chief economist with RBC, which prepared the study.

The study said a typical Saskatchewan family (with a pre-tax income of $51,500)
would have to spend 33 per cent of that income to cover mortgage payments,
property taxes, utility bills and related housing costs on a typical
single-family bungalow.

That's up from only 28.5 per cent a year ago.

To further quantify the not-so-good news, the average Saskatchewan family would
have to spend $1,407 per month to cover the mortgage, property taxes and utility
bills on a typical bungalow.

An influx of new immigrants and rising wage rates "caught homebuilders off
guard, resulting in soaring prices and a rapid decline in affordability,'' Holt
said. "The province's housing market jumped into a severe state of excess
demand."

With housing prices rising rapidly, the question arises whether Saskatchewan
residents should jump into the housing market before prices go up even higher or
whether they should wait a while and hope prices cool off a bit.

That is a good question, Holt said, adding there are a variety of factors that
need to be considered before deciding to buy or not to buy a house.

The net influx of new residents into Saskatchewan is a relatively recent
phenomenon and it is unclear if those will continue for an extended period, Holt
said. And, on that basis, there might be reason to be cautious about the housing
market, he added.

But people considering buying homes could consider the possibility that interest
and mortgage rates could potentially increase in the not-too-distant future,
Holt said.

"If you buy a house you're paying off the mortgage and getting the capital gains
that are tax-sheltered,'' Holt said in making an argument in favour of buying a
home.

The RBC study, which covers the January to March period this year, suggests a
typical Saskatchewan family buying a two-storey house would have to spend 36 per
cent of its monthly income on the house. A townhouse would typically eat up 26
per cent of an average family's income and a condo would eat up 21 per cent, the
report said.

Those figures are based on the assumption that a home buyer has made a
25-per-cent downpayment on their home, has taken a five-year fixed rate mortgage
and is planning to pay off the mortgage over 25 years.

Holt said the escalating costs are particularly noticeable in Saskatoon but are
also evident in Regina and in a number of smaller- to medium-sized Saskatchewan
cities, like Yorkton.

But Saskatchewan residents can take some solace, because housing costs in their
province are still lower than in many other areas of the country.

The RBC study suggests the typical owner of a single-family bungalow in
Vancouver would have to pay 68 per cent of the family income on mortgage, taxes
and utilities. In Toronto it is 43 per cent and in Calgary it is 40 per cent.

Holt said the most dramatic increases in housing prices have occurred in the
three most western Canadian provinces, but prices have been more stable in
eastern Canada in recent times.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Readers on possible impacts

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 572  words


Veepee Â· Barlows Hill In a region which has been negatively impacted by the
mining downturn and the closure of major tourist resort over the past few years,
the compulsory acquisition of prime grazing land would be devastating for the
region, both in terms of the families and communities affected and jobs lost. We
should be promoting primary industry in this region, the beef capital of
Australia, and doing more to support the industry by improving markets and
finding more opportunities for value adding, rather than destroying the
industry. Michele Landry should understand that she has been elected by her
constituents to represent THEIR BEST INTERESTS ,and not to blindly follow the
party line and her own self interest. Bill Byrne, Brittany Lauga and Jim Pearce
are representing their constituents well and we should all stand behind them and
the people of Marlborough region.

Kerry-LeeT Â· Berserker Has an economic study been done on the financial flow on
effects of the expanded military area? Rockhampton and Yeppoon would benefit
greatly from the influx of money into the economy. A greater portion of the
population would benefit, rather than just the meatworks and beef producers.
Just being the devils advocate here and pointing out that this means more money
for the general business community, not less.

Veepee If any studies into either the social, environmental or economic impacts
of these acquisitions have been undertaken, no results have been released, as
you would be aware if you have been following this issue. Therefore how can you
possibly conclude that 'Yeppoon and Rockhampton would benefit greatly from the
influx of money into the economy' without the benefit of such studies? Using
prime grazing land anywhere in Australia for military training makes no sense -
compulsory acquisition of land which has been farmed by families for generations
is unconscionable. Do you really think it is reasonable to destroy the
livelihoods and homes of farmers who contribute to the economy continuously, and
support a community in Marlborough so that perhaps some businesses in
Rockhampton will benefit occasionally? This is not just an economic issue - the
social, and environmental impacts are potentially devastating. Moreover, the
underhand way in which the process has been undertaken, without any consultation
with those farmers who may be affected reflects poorly on the Federal
Government, and particularly on their local representatives, Landry and Canavan.
who are certainly not representing their constituents.

Balance Â· North Rockhampton. We all have to eat. Maintaining a safe local food
production industry also has benefits that extend well beyond the primary
producers and the meatworks. And are we to disregard any notion of fairness when
there is a dollar to be made? How is it fair to force people out of their homes
and family businesses against their will regardless? This is not a necessary
acquisition, it's our government selling out their own citizens and tax payers
to kowtow to another nation.

Kerry-LeeT As I said, I was just being a devil's advocate. I don't want to see
anyone forced off their property, but I'm just pointing out -money talks. If you
want to fight this, you need to find an economic point to use. There was a
comment on another article pointing out how much money is put into the economy
when the Singaporean Army visits the area. It might be worth looking into.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2017 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     October 21, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

Apartment collections swell food bank stocks

BYLINE: JINGLE DAVIS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: City Life Midtown; Pg. 1JN

LENGTH: 225 words


Food, glorious food, is expected to pour into the Atlanta Community Food Bank's
warehouse between 10 a.m. and noon today as a caravan of trucks delivers
millions of items collected by Atlanta's apartment dwellers, managers and
owners.

The annual Food-A-Thon, sponsored by the Atlanta Apartment Association, is
billed as the largest food drive of its kind in the United States.

"It's one of the largest influxes of food we get throughout the year," said food
bank spokesman Phil Fulton Jr. "The Apartment Association is one of the food
bank's most enthusiastic contributors because they not only give food, but also
money, so we are able to purchase products we need."

The average monthly food stamp benefit for one person in Georgia is about $80,
but in metro Atlanta, the food stamp menu recommended by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture costs about $133, Fulton said.

Last year, the Food-A-Thon provided enough cash and food for 3.4 million meals.

This year's goal is more money and 3.5 million food items, according to Lee
Echols, a spokesman for the Apartment Association.

It takes a lot of food to fill the shelves of the 125,000-square-foot food bank
warehouse.

Phil Tague, chairman of the 2004 Food-A-Thon, said it takes thousands of
volunteers and months of preparation to stage the event, now in its 16th year.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              256 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

RD may be raised to discourage cheap wheat variety influx

BYLINE: MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 227

LENGTH: 943  words


The government is likely to enhance Regulatory Duty (RD) on the import of wheat
from 40 percent to 60 percent aimed at discouraging influx of cheap wheat from
Central Asia and facilitate private sector, well-informed sources told Business
Recorder. The sources said this year wheat production target was fixed at 26
million tons with an area of 9.23 million hectares. Against this target, as per
second estimates by the provincial governments, wheat production for 2015-16 is
estimated at 25.45 million tons with an area of 9.250 million hectares.

The ECC, in its meeting on April 4, 2016 approved public sector wheat
procurement target to the tune of 7.05 million tons from 2015-16 wheat crop.
Economic Co-ordination Committee (ECC) of the cabinet recently extended export
rebate of Rs 11.3 billion to the private sector on export of 0.9 million tons of
wheat in the regional and international markets on equal sharing between federal
and provincial governments.

The current year's production of 5.802 million tons added to last year's carry
over stock of around 4.117 million tons would substantially enhance the wheat
stocks in the country far above domestic requirement. With limited storage space
and logistics, the surplus wheat is likely to be damaged and can become unfit
for human consumption if immediate steps for its disposal are not taken.

"The government should increase RD to discourage import of wheat as wheat output
is very good but the international market is in glut and export is not feasible
without incentives. Last year the government made a mistake by not extending
required incentives to the private sector due to which they could not export the
commodity," said an analyst. The wheat stock offloading is too slow as wheat is
being imported from Tajikistan and other countries at cheaper prices.

Sources in Ministry of National Food Security and Research told this scribe that
the ECC in its meeting held on January 23, 2015 decided to allow export of
800,000 tons wheat by the Government of Punjab at a transport rebate of $55 per
ton and 400,000 tons by the Government of Sindh at a rebate of $45 per ton.
Additionally, Governments of Punjab and Sindh also contributed $35 and $45 per
ton as their share in export which enhanced the total rebate to $90 per ton.

The government allowed extension in export of wheat several times on same terms
and conditions. The ECC, in its meeting held on March 18, 2015, had allowed the
extension in export period of wheat up to June 16, 2016 and the export process
continued till July 15, 2016. Due to substantial decrease in wheat prices in the
international market, Governments of Punjab and Sindh through the private sector
could only export 235,000 tons and 164,000 tons respectively.

The Agriculture Policy Institute (API) has carried out analysis of wheat export
parity. The international wheat export prices as of July 22, 2016 were $200 per
ton whereas the average FOB (Gulf) price has been worked out by API at $213 per
ton for 2015-16. It was suggested that based on the average release price of the
provinces at $325 per ton by chipping in a rebate at $120 per ton in the export
of wheat, the government can stir the export market for Pakistani wheat.

Ministry of National Food Security and Research shared the rebate schemes with
the Ministry of Finance and Governments of Punjab and Sindh. The Government of
Punjab supported the proposal of additional export rebate of $30 per ton on the
basis of 61:39 ratio as federal and provincial share whereas the Government of
Sindh supported the federal and provincial share at the ratio of 60:40
respectively. The Government of Punjab has also proposed to export a quantity of
2 million tons of wheat/wheat flour (Aata) in four tranches of 500,000 tons each
by Trading Corporation of Pakistan (TCP) through open bidding which will be
taken up separately.

Considering the fluctuations in the international wheat market and comments of
the provinces, Ministries of Finance and Commerce, the Ministry of National Food
Security and Research recommended to allow additional export rebate of $30 per
ton on export of wheat and wheat flour to be shared by the federal and
provincial governments by approving one of the following two options: (i) the
additional of $30 per ton to be shared 50:50 by the federal and provincial
governments; and (ii) the additional rebate of $30 per ton to be shared at 60:40
ratio by the federal and provincial governments, respectively.

The rebate would be over and above the rebate already approved by the ECC at $55
per ton for Punjab and $45 per ton for Sindh respectively. In addition to this
rebate as in past, additional rebate of $35 and 45 per ton would be provided by
the Government of Punjab and Sindh respectively. This addition has enhanced the
total rebate to $120 per ton. The quantity allowed to be exported was proposed
to be 600,000 tons and 300,000 tons for Punjab and Sindh respectively. The
export will be allowed by November 30, 2016 and export process will be completed
till January 31, 2017.

The Ministry of National Food Security and Research has recommended two options
to the government to continue wheat export. In case of option 1, the financial
implication for the federal and provincial governments would be $60 and 48
million respectively whereas in option 2, it would be $62.70 million and $45.30
million respectively. The ECC, in its meeting on July 26, 2016 approved the
option according to which the additional export rebate would be shared @ 50:50
by the federal and provincial governments which implies that the financial
impact of this decision will be $108 million or Rs 11.3 billion.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            September 3, 1989 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

ORANGE TO BE BOOMTOWN '91

BYLINE: JENNI MILLAR

SECTION: REAL AUSTRALIA; Pg. 95

LENGTH: 803 words


ORANGE is set to become the boomtown of the west when the Department of
Agriculture and Fisheries transfers its headquarters there.

However, the Public Service Association believes only a quarter of the staff of
500 at present working in Sydney will want to join in the move.

An association spokeswoman said many senior officers would look for other jobs
and this in turn would mean their experience would be lost.

The next step in the transfer to Orange is the calling for expressions of
interest for the construction of a $17 million building to house the department
by 1991.

The Minister for Agriculture and Fisheries, Mr Armstrong, said the move would
mean a $20 million boost in Orange's economy.

The possible influx of 500 employees and their families has been the talk of
Orange. Never before has there been a transfer of a government department of
such magnitude.

HEART

A co-ordinator will start work tomorrow to help smooth out wrinkles in the move.

The department is now based in the McKell Building in the heart of Sydney and
while all employees may not be entirely happy about the move, the Orange
community certainly is.

The city, with a population of 33,000, will boom.

Shop owners foresee an increase in patronage, as do clubs, hotels and other
entertainment centres. Home owners and real estate agents see an increase in
property prices, and even people who have not bought their own home are talking
about doing so before the rush.

Trades people such as builders, plumbers and electricians are also rubbing their
hands in expectation of a boom in business.

The deputy director-general of the department, Mr Graham Gregory, said the
department would be calling for expressions of interest from private developers
within a few weeks.

The electricity supply authority for the area, the Ophir County Council, has
offered to sell its present headquarters to the Government.

However, Mr Gregory, warned that the transfer was still subject to analysis by
Treasury officials.

"We hope they will finish their work next week and clean the air," Mr Gregory
said.

Speaking about the proximity of the new office block to the department's two
existing buildings in Orange, Mr Gregory said the department did not want the
location of the head office to interfere with the integrity of the regional
office or the research centre.

"Those regional offices have day-to-day contact with the farming community and
we would like to see them continue very much with their present arrangements."

Orange City Council hopes other businesses will take the department's lead and
move to Orange because an increase in population will pose no problems. The
council has prepared for the future with a water and sewerage scheme that could
cater for another 30,000 residents.

Residents hope the department does not make the same mistake it did nine years
ago when it built its research and veterinary centre on the outskirts of the
city.

The centre has about 90 staff, the regional office 33, and the Orange
Agricultural College 90, with 270 students.

The building is now bulging at the seams with, in some cases, one small office
being used by three people while about a dozen others work from tin buildings at
the rear of the centre which were the original research station headquarters.

But space and cost are the major factors behind the current move, which,
according to Mr Armstrong, will save the State Government between $40 million
and $100 million over the next 10 years.

In rent alone the department is now paying about $3.2 million a year for its 12
floors in the McKell Building compared to the estimated $17 million for a new
office block at Orange.

Another factor which helped push the department out west was the increased
potential of first-hand experience.

Mr Armstrong said staff would have better offices, a higher standard of living
and easier access to the farming community.

"We are going to put our offices out there in a hands-on position, right in the
middle of the State where they can actually smell wheat and they smell sheep and
where they can smell pigs," he said.

However, it seems not everyone wants to smell the animals: some professional and
administrative staff have indicated they will leave the department rather than
move.

COSTS

The department's director-general, Dr Kevin Sheridan, will be among those moving
to Orange, although he will retain an office in Sydney.

In all, only 10 staff will not be required to move but their positions are yet
to be announced.

Apart from usual public service moving costs, the department will not offer
staff financial incentives to move to Orange.

However, there will be some wooing. Later in the year, when the weather is
warmer, the staff will be taken on day trips to the city to show them what it
has to offer. Spouses will be invited on the trips, which will be organised for
week days.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: SAVINGS: Mr Armstrong OFFER: The Ophir County Council has
offered to sell its headquarters to the Government.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                              July 2, 1978, Sunday

BYLINE: BY JEFFREY SCHMALZ

SECTION: Page 23, Column 3

LENGTH: 58 words

NJ Agriculture Dept officials report they are very concerned over heavy influx
of gypsy moths from Pennsylvania, noting that last year moths defoliated 48,000
acres of trees in state.  Claim that while extensive spraying of 33,000 acres
began to combat insects, there is 30-40 mile strip in Morris County that has
received extensive damage (S).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 183-4

              Copyright 1978 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              259 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

Study: York has space for 10 years of growth

BYLINE: CARL LINDQUIST The York Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 535 words


York County has more than enough land to accommodate the demand for economic
development over the next 10 years, a study found.

Projections show a demand for 7.8 million square feet of office, retail and
industrial space over a 10-year span, according to the study, conducted by the
consulting firm Basile Bauman Prost Cole & Associates.

With about 5,246 acres appropriately zoned and available for those types
development, the county can accommodate about 27 million square feet of
development.

The study was formally adopted Wednesday into the county's comprehensive plan,
which is used by the planning commission to help municipalities manage growth.

Felicia Dell, executive director the planning commission, said the availability
of space for economic development was one of the most interesting findings in
the study, especially considering it was based on demand before the economic
downturn.

"In spite of the amount of growth we were experiencing, we weren't getting run
over by it," she said.

The York County Commissioners in April 2008 agreed to kick in $25,500 toward the
$250,000, 12-month study, spurred by the expected influx of people into the
Aberdeen Proving Grounds, an expanding military installation in Maryland.

About 2,000 people are expected to move into York County as a direct result of
the expansion.

Even without the influx due to the expansion, the York County Planning
Commission projects that the county's population could grow by 48,000 residents
between 2008-2018 based on past growth trends.

The study looked at economic development opportunities across the county using
such factors as the composition of its workforce and availability of sewer and
water.

It also examined where and what types of economic development would be suited to
each area of the county.

Half the cost came from the U.S. Department of Defense, with the state
contributing $99,500.

Pros, cons: The study found the county had both strengths and weaknesses that
could help or restrain economic development.

Education levels tend to be lower than neighboring areas, for example, and there
is a lack of health care and sit-down style restaurants to serve people and
businesses in some of the less-developed areas of the county.

But the study also found that education levels are increasing and the county has
an affordable housing stock and lower cost of living relative to the broader
region.

Agri-business: Besides identifying space for development, Dell said the study
was helpful because it addressed ways to incorporate economic development in the
county's rural areas while preserving farmland.

For example, the study found there's an opportunity to develop businesses such
as small food stores or hair-cutting establishments in boroughs to serve people
in the rural areas.

"Economic development means something different depending on where you are in
the county," she said.

More could also be done to promote agriculture-related tourism and business,
such as wineries or corn mazes, she said.

The planning commission plans to identify the top strategies in the study and
then begin working with the appropriate agencies and governments to implement
them.

-- Reach Carl Lindquist at 505-5432 or clindquist@
yorkdispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

Human trafficking alert over 2014 Glasgow Games

LENGTH: 261  words


MSPs fear that next year's Commonwealth Games could lead to an influx of victims
of human trafficking to Scotland, the European Commission's anti-trafficking
co-ordinator has heard.

Myria Vassiliadou, the first person specifically tasked by the European Union's
governing body to tackle trafficking, has urged the Scottish Government to make
people who procure sex and consumer goods from victims its top anti-trafficking
priority.

Studies have shown that authorities must be vigilant to human trafficking during
large sporting events, she told Holyrood's European and External Relations
Committee.

Human trafficking is worth $32 billion (£20bn), Ms Vassiliadou said, equivalent
to around two-thirds of the entire Scottish Budget. Three-fifths of victims of
trafficking in the EU are EU citizens, she said, adding that they are trafficked
for sex; for forced labour in sectors such as construction, agriculture and
health; for benefit fraud; and for crime and organ removal.

Labour MSP Hanzala Malik said: "We're going to have the Commonwealth Games in
Glasgow and, like many others, I am very fearful that nearer the time there may
be an influx of victims, and we really need to be ready for that. We would like
to think that we are reasonably clean compared to our counterparts around Europe
and we wish to retain that reputation."

Ms Vassiliadou added: "It's very important when it comes to large-scale events,
especially sporting events. Sometimes we try to undermine the importance of
that. But a lot of studies demonstrate that we have to be very vigilant indeed."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

Mukul slams duality in influx stand

BYLINE: OUR CORRESPONDENT

LENGTH: 501  words


Shillong, April 8: Meghalaya chief minister Mukul M. Sangma today gave clear
indications that his government was unwilling to implement the inner line permit
system in the state, while lambasting groups raking up the influx issue.

Replying to the debate on the governor's address in the Assembly, Sangma said,
"The NGOs protesting against influx and illegal immigration are the same ones
protesting against the fencing of the international border. Are we genuinely
concerned about the issue or are we just raking it up?"

As recently as last week, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) had asked the Sangma
government to immediately implement the inner line permit system, threatening to
launch an agitation otherwise.

However, over the years, various pressure groups like the KSU, Federation of
Khasi-Jaintia and Garo People and others have been opposing the fencing of the
international border, as they wanted the boundaries between India and Bangladesh
to be clearly demarcated first before being fenced. While Meghalaya shares a
443-km boundary with Bangladesh, it shares a 695-km boundary with Assam.

"It is an irony that the NGOs have become a hurdle. We need a re-look at the
issue," the chief minister said.

He said over the last one year, the BSF had undertaken intensive patrolling on
the border, resulting in detection of several illegal migrants trying to enter
the state.

On the permit system, he said various committees constituted by past governments
had come up with reports as to why it was difficult to implement the system in
the state. However, last year, a high level committee on influx, which was
chaired by the then deputy chief minister Bindo M. Lanong, had recommended
implementation of the system.

"Who says ILP alone is the answer? We need a more comprehensive mechanism," the
chief minister said, adding that there was a need for the police, traditional
institutions and the general public to work together to fight against influx and
illegal immigration. A proper tenancy law was also required.

He said the government had set up the anti-infiltration directorate, sanctioned
39 posts of labour inspectors in all the blocks apart from having in place
district task forces headed by the respective deputy commissioners in seven out
of the 11 districts. He, however, said the present system of checking migrant
labourers has become so "stringent" that ongoing development works were
suffering from time over-run owing to the shortage of labourers.

During the debate on the governor's address, UDP legislator Embhahlang Syiemlieh
said Meghalaya was not a "dumping ground" of illegal immigrants and asked the
government to immediately implement the inner line permit system.

In his reply, the chief minister touched upon other issues relating to
unemployment, education, health, power, agriculture and horticulture.

While withdrawing the amendments to the motion of thanks on the governor's
address, UDP leader Donkupar Roy asked the government to "practice as you
preach, and to preach as you practice".

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 4, 2012 Monday
                                 Drive Edition

OU, OSU are seeing increase in students from California

BYLINE: SILAS ALLEN, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1025 words


In a little less than three months, Kaitlyn Ryan will start college at Oklahoma
State University. When she does, she'll be moving to a campus she's never seen
in person, in a state she's never visited.

Ryan will be coming to OSU from her home in Snelling, Calif., a town in Merced
County in the agriculture-rich Central Valley. With a population just shy of
300, Snelling is a far cry from the urban  areas elsewhere in the state, she
said.

But with a collection of strong universities much closer to her home, Ryan said
it's a fair question why she would want to move about 1,600 miles for college.

"My mom is wondering the same thing," she said.

When she begins school, Ryan, 18, plans to major in animal sciences. She doesn't
know exactly where that will take her, she said, but she likes the fact that OSU
has a strong  veterinary program, in case she decides to go that route.

"I don't know what kind of career path I want," she said. "It's definitely going
to be in an agriculture field."

As far as the distance is concerned, Ryan said she finds the idea appealing.
She's always liked traveling and seeing different parts of the country, she
said. Moving to Stillwater for school gives her the chance to stretch her legs a
bit.

"It just made a perfect fit for me, I think," she said.

Influx of students

When she arrives in Oklahoma, Ryan will join a growing number of students like
her. Although final numbers are still months away, both OSU and the University
of Oklahoma are predicting an increase in the number of incoming freshmen they
will receive from California in the fall.

California's higher education system is one marked by instability and
skyrocketing costs over the past year. In 2011, California led the country in
tuition and fee increases. Since then, student protesters have clashed with
police during demonstrations against tuition increases.

According to The College Board's annual "Trends in College Pricing" report,
public four-year schools in California saw an average tuition hike of 21 percent
last year. Public two-year colleges saw an average increase of 37 percent.

That figure is sharply higher than the national trend. Nationwide, public
four-year colleges increased their tuition and fees by 7 percent, with two-year
schools increasing their rates by 7.4 percent. In Oklahoma, tuition and fees at
public colleges and universities rose by an average of 5.9 percent last year.

Historically, the out-of-state population at Oklahoma's two research
universities has been dominated by students from Texas. Last year, Texans made
up 66.8 percent of the out-of-state total at OSU. At OU, that figure was 60.2
percent.

Although Californians aren't set to overtake Texas anytime soon, OSU officials
have already seen an increase over last year in the number of applicants from
California.

As of May 19, the university had admitted 153 freshmen from California, up from
106 at the same time in 2011. The university also has seen an increase in the
number of applicants - 241 California students had applied to OSU on May 19, up
from 156 at the same time in 2011.

Those figures don't take into account other less-predictable factors, like how
many of the students OSU admits will wind up enrolling in the fall. But
officials expect that bump in applications to translate into an increase in the
overall number of new freshmen from California.

California isn't the only area of growth. The university also has seen an
increase in the number of applicants from Illinois, he said, particularly from
the Chicago area, said Kyle Wray, OSU's vice president for enrollment and
marketing. In general, he said those students come seeking degrees in areas in
which OSU is particularly strong, like fire protection, engineering and
agriculture.

OSU has ramped up its recruitment efforts in California and Chicago in recent
years, Wray said.

But part of the appeal OSU holds for California students may be more cultural
and historical.

Connection to state

During the Dust Bowl in the 1930s, Oklahomans streamed to California looking for
work.

Today's college students are only two or three generations removed from those
Oklahomans, he said, meaning many of them feel a connection to the state, even
if they've never been to Oklahoma themselves.

"It's not a foreign land," he said.

"They've been here and know what it's like."

A similar trend exists at OU. Last year, OU enrolled 36 new freshmen from
California. This year, OU already has enrolled 11 incoming California freshmen
and has 32 prospective California students with enrollment appointments, said
Matt Hamilton, OU's registrar and vice president for admissions.

"And it is still relatively early," Hamilton said. "It appears that our yield
from California will be significantly better."

Like their counterpart in Stillwater, OU is also seeing growth in the number of
students it receives from the Chicago area, Hamilton said.

There also appears to be growth in students coming from the Kansas City area, he
said.

However, the influx from Chicago and Kansas City is at least partially because
of stepped-up recruiting efforts in those areas, Hamilton said.

That isn't the case in California - OU doesn't have a recruiter on the ground
there, and Hamilton said he doesn't think the university had a presence at any
recruiting programs in California this year.

Although OU hasn't taken steps to cultivate its presence in California, Hamilton
said that effort seems to be taking care of itself.

OU has a strong alumni presence in California, he said. So many high school
students in California may have never been to Oklahoma, but they know about OU
through parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles who graduated from there.

Growth in those specific areas runs contrary to the trend across the university,
Hamilton said.

Although the university won't have final numbers until later this year, early
indicators seem to show that OU's out-of-state enrollment will be down from last
year. Meanwhile, he said, OU might see its largest in-state freshman class in
university history.

"It's been kind of a mixed bag, as it typically is," Hamilton said. "It's still
speculation at this point."


LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kaitlyn Ryan plans to come to Oklahoma from her California home to
attend Oklahoma State University in the fall. PHOTO PROVIDED

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             March 13, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Immigration dilemma;
U.S. must come to grips with rising tide of illegals

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 293 words


Hard data on how many people are living and working in the United States without
benefit of legal immigration status are hard to come by. Most, naturally, are
loath to publicize their status.

However, an authoritative analysis of census data by the Washington-based Pew
Hispanic Center indicates the American economy is far more dependent on
undocumented workers than previously thought: About 7.2 million people - 5
percent of the work force, or one U.S. worker in every 20 - are in the country
illegally.

That the concentration of unauthorized migrants is highest in the Southwest is
unsurprising. Without the influx of undocumented workers from Mexico - a total
of 6.2 million, the Pew study estimates - that region's agricultural industry
would quickly collapse.

But undocumented workers - Latin Americans, Asians, Europeans, Canadians,
Africans and others - also comprise a significant segment of the work force in
other regions, including New England.

Despite stepped-upped efforts to slow illegal immigration, the annual influx of
some 850,000 illegal immigrants has remained constant since 2000. The dilemma
for policy-makers is clear. Policy that condones illegal immigration is unwise,
but so is policy based on the notion that the thousands of miles of borders can
be effectively sealed - clearly a pipe dream.

President Bush has proposed balancing those considerations by granting temporary
legal status to illegal immigrants currently in the United States, but consensus
on the proper balance of border security and economic pragmatism has been
elusive.

That is unacceptable. Clearly the status quo - a vast underground population of
illegal workers nationwide - ill-serves the security interests of the United
States, and its economic interests as well.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Manila Times

                             April 7, 2005 Thursday

GOVT PROVIDES TEMPORARY RELIEF; RAISES ONION TARIFFS

BYLINE: Angelo S. Samonte

LENGTH: 416 words


AGRICULTURE Secretary Arthur Yap approved the imposition of special safeguard
(SSG) measure to protect the onion industry from the influx of cheap imported
and smuggled onions.

At a press briefing early this week Yap has approved the plan to impose SSG on
onion imports and that the local onion producers agreed to set a trigger price
of P40 a kilo that would become the basis for onion importation.

However, an onion importer, who asked not to be named, said imposing a safeguard
and setting a trigger price for onion is not the solution to the problem, and
Yap's action is only a "stop-gap" measure.

"How could the Department of Agriculture impose an SSG on onion if no permit is
being issued?" the source asked. "The problem is that the DA does not really
know how large the demand and production of onions locally, and it doesn't set
proper issuance of import permits that would limit the entry of imported
onions."

He said the SSG mechanism wouldn't be effective because whenever the prices of
onion shoot up in the domestic matter, the issuance of too many import permits
will cause sudden drop on prices once imported onions enter the local market.

"The long-term solution to this problem is: first, determine our real
requirement for onion and the volume of onion being produced. Second, schedule
the issuance of import permits so that imported onions will arrive in
controllable volume that will not cause sudden drop in prices in the local
market," the source said, adding that the government must stop extending import
permits to any importer.

He also advised that the government should not allow importation during
production and harvest seasons.

Another problem, the source added, is the inability of locally produced onion to
compete with onions being grown abroad.

The farm-gate price of local onion costs between P16 and P17 a kilo; Chinese
onion costs P2.50 for every kilo.

Holland onion is P4 a kilo; Indian onions costs P8 a kilo.

Previously, local onion producers complained the deluge of imported and smuggled
onions that depresses its price in the domestic market, forcing Yap to consider
imposing an SSG.

The Philippines has started to import onion since 1998 when the country
experience shortage of onions.

But the source said that onions were used to be grown in many parts of the
country, such as in Cagayan de Oro and Zamboanga peninsula in Mindanao, Central
Visayas and Dumaguete, but farmers eventually stopped because of high production
cost, particularly storage and logistics.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate Taxation; Domestic Markets

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2005 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              265 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday

MoC sets up cell to monitor import of agriculture products from India

BYLINE:  MUSHTAQ GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. L No. 109

LENGTH: 309  words


The Ministry of Commerce (MoC) has set up a cell to monitor agriculture products
being imported from India after receiving complaints from Pakistan''s
agriculture sector. Pakistan''s agriculture sector is resisting trade
normalisation process with India fearing that influx of Indian agriculture goods
will destroy the local agriculture as India is extending subsidies to its
farmers.

Pakistan''s Farmers Association had also announced a blockade of agriculture
products to be imported from India through Wagha border. Commerce Minister
Khurram Dastgir Khan presided over an internal meeting of the ministry and
decided to monitor import of agriculture products through Wagha Agri Trade
Committee. He said that an India cell has been set up in the ministry which in
co-ordination with the Wagha Agri Trade Committee and other concerned
authorities would strictly monitor agricultural products'' trade. The minister
argued that Wagha Agri Trade Committee and the India Cell would keep him updated
on a regular basis.

He said that Wagha Committee would give suggestions pertaining to monitoring of
agriculture products through Wagha and information about trade besides keeping a
record of imports and exports and keeping a close eye on dumping, supply and
pricing related matters.

He said that the committee would work under the director of General Trade
Development Authority, Lahore, and include representatives of Pakistan Custom
Wagha, Lahore, National Logistic Cell, Wagha Lahore, Pakistan National
Accreditation Council of Plant Protection, Karachi, provincial agricultural
department, Lahore district administration, president of Farmers Association
Pakistan, Chairman of Rice Export Association, Chairman of Pakistan Ittehad
Council, President of All Pakistan Fruit and Vegetable Exporter and Merchant
Association and presidents of market committees.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta ups aid prior to appeal

BYLINE: Gina Teel, Calgary Herald; with a file from Bloomberg

SECTION: CALGARZ BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 360  words


The Alberta government pumped an additional $16 million into its continuing
efforts to rebuild the cattle industry Wednesday, mere hours before an appeal
court panel in Seattle reserved judgment in the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
appeal of an injunction blocking the live animal trade.

But Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner cautioned farmers from reading too
much into the timing of the latest influx of government cash to increase
slaughter capacity and develop more home-grown meat products.

"I wouldn't read into this announcement a concern that we think the border may
be closed longer. Indeed, what we're saying is we're moving ahead with our
(recovery) plan," he said.

The $870-million BSE Recovery Plan is aimed at rebuilding and repositioning
Alberta's cattle industry in the aftermath of the 2003 discovery of mad cow
disease and the subsequent bans on live cattle and beef products from dozens of
countries, including the U.S., Canada's largest market.

The U.S. resumed imports of Canadian boxed beef in 2003 and was to restart the
live trade in younger cattle in March, but Billings, Mont.-based Ranchers
Cattlemen Action Legal Fund, or R-CALF, convinced a local judge to grant a
temporary injunction to block the plan after two more cases of mad cow turned up
in Alberta.

During the U.S. government's appeal of the injunction in the 9th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals in Seattle Wednesday, U.S. Justice Department lawyer Mark Stern
asked the three-judge appeals panel to lift the ban on Canadian cattle, saying
the animals pose no threat of mad cow disease and U.S. beef producers are being
harmed.

"There is not a single case of anyone in the U.S. or Canada who ever contracted
mad cow disease," Stern told the appeals panel, reported Bloomberg.

Mark Dopp, an attorney with the American Meat Institute in court in support of
the USDA appeal, said it was clear the panel judges understood the issues.

However, he said there's no telling when a decision will be made, or if it will
come before the July 27 hearing in Billings where R-CALF will argue to make the
injunction permanent and extend the ban to include boxed beef.

gteel@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    NewsDay

                              June 13, 2016 Monday

Urban cultivation, living and climate change - NewsDay Zimbabwe

LENGTH: 986  words


MOST urban places around the world are becoming extremely challenged in terms of
space. Their carrying capacities can no longer hold the pressures brought about
by the ever growing numbers of people, shrinking and outdated infrastructure, as
well as poor service delivery in a fast changing climate. Climate change has
also brought with it additional pressures of farming and unplanned expansion due
to the influx of people seeking new lives in environments of despair and forced
living.

Peter Makwanya

Tsvimborume Weir dam is one of the WFP's productive asset creation projects. Its
aim is to promote self-reliance and support climate change adaption to directly
improve households' food security, nutrition and livelihoods.

Urban expansion has spread and eaten into the small space of available lands,
destroyed wetlands as well as doing so many things at once and on the small
spaces have contributed negatively to the effects of global warming that cause
climate change. The increasing demands for land to cultivate and attempts to
alleviate food shortages has led to the destruction of the few available
amenities that the rapid population growth should depend on. This has also led
to enormous unlocking of carbon into the atmosphere thereby making global
warming highly possible.

Issues that have to do with equipping cultivators with sustainable farming
techniques have received little attention in this rapid changing climate.
Political interference into the running of towns and cities have also seen the
increase in the emergence of unregulated dwellings called squatter camps making
service delivery unattainable. It would also be difficult to feed such an influx
of people, provide adequate power as well as regulating industrial production in
a fast-changing environment. Coming up with standardised building infrastructure
is presenting challenges to normal town planning procedures. Unsustainable waste
management and disposal techniques will compromise the health of many urban
dwellers, thereby making the cities inhabitable.

As the urban populations rapidly expand, so are their food demands. Urban
populations around the world are estimated to reach over the 66% mark by the
year 2050. The highly concentrated urban farming and building activities would
eat into existing wetlands unlocking greenhouse gases into the atmosphere in the
process. Wetland farming also destroys the natural ecosystems that contribute to
the balance of nature. Because of the consumption pressures, these unsustainable
feeding and growing patterns will contribute to the processing of foodstuffs
that are associated with greenhouse gas emissions. Urban populations eating
habits are punctuated by eating mainly processed foods whose production systems
can harm the environment.

Poor urban land policies that are sometimes populist in nature may contribute to
significant land grab, haphazard distribution and servicing that will all lead
to massive land degradation and landfills which are a hazard to the environment.
The waste handling capacities of many cities and towns lack the required
expertise and the uncontrolled dumping of garbage and its burning is quite
harmful to the surrounding areas.

Climate change has always contributed to serious challenges to urban food
production, processing and handling systems. Old and dilapidated building
structures that do not meet modern building standards and expectations also
contribute to climate change in a number of ways. The continued use of the old
type of air-conditioners which produce greenhouse gases that damage the
environment should be done away with.

The rapid urban expansion of major towns and cities also eat into arable land
and productive farms, thereby making food production difficult. Despite the high
concentration of people in urban areas, they may not be climate literate so as
to make informed conservation choices. As such appropriate climate change
adaptation and mitigation techniques should not be overlooked or taken for
granted.
Large concentration of urban transport systems that use fossil fuels are a
danger to the environment and therefore need to be regulated.

In this part of the world it is still considered prestigious to drive a car but
the major influx of second-hand vehicles in this country accelerate the emission
of carbon into the atmosphere. It is difficult to convince some people to cycle
to work for the sake of the environment in this part of the world as it is
associated with backwardness and poverty.

The placement or citing of the industrial centres may also pose a threat to the
environment and infrastructure, where gases, dust, fumes, and chemicals can be
released into the atmosphere and rivers. The dumping and disposal of industrial
waste and chemicals into the rivers need strong climate action. Some mining
activities take place much closer to residential areas, thereby contributing not
only noise pollution but also dangerous gases and dusts which can harm the
environment as well as the people. Some major mining activities done close to
residential areas lack appropriate dust bagging techniques required by the
international environmental regulating standards.

Many urban centres in the developing countries still use coal and kerosene for
heating and lighting purposes thereby complicating the health of the urban
dwellers and the environment in which they live. Urban populations also need
climate resilient techniques so that they do not buckle under enormous pressure
of unsustainable food production techniques.

Peter Makwanya is a climate change communicator. He writes in his own capacity
and can be contacted on: petrovmoyt@gmail.com

http://imgs.syndigate.info/385/1279/83/146582816357.jpg

Tsvimborume Weir dam is one of the WFP's productive asset creation projects. Its
aim is to promote self-reliance and support climate change adaption to directly
improve households' food security, nutrition and livelihoods.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1279


                             Copyright 2016 NewsDay
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            November 3, 1989, Friday

ASIAN SMOKING OPPONENTS FIGHT INFLUX OF AMERICAN CIGARETTES

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FOREIGN TRADE, Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: BANGKOK, Thailand


Calling it toxic waste dumping and the second Opium War, anti-smoking crusaders
in Asia have accused American tobacco interests of moving to reverse victories
scored against the cigarette by targeting the booming Pacific Rim as a key
market.

The American companies, faced with anti-smoking regulations that depress profits
in the United States, say the budding anti-smoking movement in Asia is n excuse
for trade protectionism.

American cigarettes entered the once closed markets of South Korea, Japan and
Taiwan in 1986 and now tobacco companies are trying to penetrate Thailand.
American cigarettes historically have been hot sellers in Hong Kong.

Asian smoking opponents claim the American hard sell and slick ads equating
smoking with the good life will create a new generation of smoking addicts,
especially women and teen-agers.

This week the U.S. Department of Agriculture reported in Washington that the
United States in August exported an estimated 13 billion cigarettes valued at $
317.1 million in August.

A report by the department's Foreign Agricultural Service said August shipments
were up 32 percent in volume and 42 percent in value from a year earlier.

But exports of unmanufactured tobacco in August totaled 10,777 metric tons worth
$ 57.9 million, down 6 percent in volume and 17 percent in value from the
year-earlier level, the U.S. agency said.

"Smoking foreign cigarettes has become a symbol of money and social status," the
China Pictorial Magazine stated recently, noting the price of a couple of
cartons of Marlboros equal a Chinese professor's monthly salary.

In Taiwan, an anti-smoking group called John Tung's Foundation claims smoking
has soared among teen-agers because of hard-sell tactics by American tobacco
companies. Eight-five percent of youthful puffers prefer imports, the Tung group
said.

In a lette r to President Bush earlier this year, health groups from nine Asian
countries described the American push as "A mockery of your country's efforts to
curb the export of other addictive drugs into your country."

Activists have likened the American blitz to last century's Opium War when
Britain forcefully flooded China with opium from its colony India and made
addicts out of millions.

Those favoring increased exports, such as Congressman Robin Tallon of South
Carolina, a major tobacco-growing state, contend Asians will continue to buy
cigarettes with or without American presence.

"The real issue is whether American companies will be allowed to compete, or if
the playing field is abandoned to other foreign manufacturers and local
monopolies," he said.

The U.S. Cigarette Export Association notes as part of its argument that
cigarettes contributed a record $ 3.5 billion to help reduce the U.S. trade
deficit in 1988.

The U.S. Trade Representative's Office is threatening Thailand with trade
penalties if it does not lower its import tax and other barriers to American
cigarettes. It is seeking the reversal of laws under which cigarette advertising
was sharply restricted in 1979.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              269 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                            November 9, 2012 Friday

Land protection

LENGTH: 596 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, Nov. 9 -- The two-day convention organized by the Krishak Mukti
Sangram Samiti, which was also attended by Gandhian Anna Hazare, deliberated on
several crucial issues concerning land rights for the indigenous populace,
cross-border infiltration, flood and erosion, etc. If one were to look at the
problems objectively, it will not escape the eyes of the discerning observer
that land is central to all these issues. Cross-border influx over the decades
and slack land-holding laws that cared little for safeguarding the ownership of
the indigenous has caused large-scale transfer of land from the sons of the
soil. Worse, people with doubtful citizenship have come to acquire land in large
numbers even as land rights were slipping from the hands of the indigenous.
This, together with the demographic changes triggered by influx, is having
disturbing implications in the socio-political economic spheres. Unfortunately,
successive governments over the decades chose to ignore the developments,
allowing the problem to gain complex dimensions. Since the problem of
infiltration concerns the State in its entirety, organizations such as the AASU,
KMSS, etc., would do well to form a common platform rather than adopting stances
in isolation. With so many organization clamouring to fight for the cause of the
indigenous, there is a real danger of the core issues getting diluted in any
uncalled-for bid at one-upmanship among the organizations. Then, prudence
dictates that we tread the path of anti-foreigners' stir with caution rather
than fuelling popular sentiment and creating an emotionally surcharged
atmosphere. The ill-effects of the Assam Agitation on social and educational
fronts are too well known to merit elaboration, and organizations spearheading
the movement must be on the guard against these pitfalls.

The absence of a comprehensive land policy that can protect the land of the
indigenous as also agricultural land is a dire need today. The existing land
Acts are archaic in nature owing to their origin during the British colonial
days, and have not undergone the desired changes to make them relevant to the
changing times. Loss of prime agricultural land due to flood and erosion as also
indiscriminate diversion to industrial, commercial and residential purposes has
hit crop production hard. Dearth of authentic records concerning different types
of land, including revenue and government land, is also resulting in widespread
encroachment and land grabbing. Acrimonious situations arising out of disputes
over land rights is quite commonplace, which has its roots in poor land record
management. Our slack laws on holding and transfer of land in tribal belts and
blocks is creating a situation in which outsiders are increasingly falling upon
the land of the indigenous. Given that there has already been substantial
shrinkage of land due to the recurring floods and erosion, the demand for this
asset stands only to surge manifold which in turn can trigger widespread
encroachment besides strife over land ownership.

Vast tracts of land that include forests and other government land have
witnessed large-scale transfer of ownership to encroachers ' both from within
the State as well as outsiders. Rehabilitation of thousands of families rendered
landless by flood and erosion is another area intrinsically linked to a
progressive land policy. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam
Tribune. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday

Measures to develop agro-tourism

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 12 -- The Asian Productivity Organization training program on
planning and management of community-based rural tourism and agro-tourism
enterprise started in Colombo yesterday. It will be held till August 17.

The Asian Productivity Organization is an international organization based in
Japan which helps to uplift productivity of the agriculture and technical
sectors of member countries.

Agriculture Minister Mahinda Yapa Abeywardane participating in the inaugural
session of the training program said it is necessary to develop agro-tourism in
Sri Lanka as we are currently experiencing a tourist influx.

Normally foreigners come to Sri Lanka to visit places with scenic beauty,
cultural and historical value. But presently, most tourists come here to see the
development activities of the country. As an agricultural country Sri Lanka's
development is based on agricultural production.

Productivity is something that we should seriously think about by developing the
agriculture sector. The APM is ready to give their support for us to improve
productivity.

Though we are a member of the Asian Productivity Organization we couldn't
actively participate in it over the past 30 years because of the war.

The Agriculture Ministry is now paying serious attention to increase agriculture
production by using local agriculture methods. So the APM has come here at an
appropriate time and we can exchange our ideas with representatives of other
Asian countries and get new ideas to develop agriculture.

Deputy Agriculture Minister Jagath Pushpakumara, Agriculture Ministry Secretary
K.E.Karunathilake, Labour Productivity and Promotion Ministry Secretary Mahinda
Madihahewa, APM Director General Joselito C.Bernardo, Ministry Officials and
resource persons from Asian countries participated to the occasion. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2010 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 27, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Saskatchewan shucks image as bit player; Resource-rich province force to be
reckoned with in the West

BYLINE: Gina Teel, Calgary Herald; with files from Canwest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 864  words


Saskatchewan was once touted as a place people could hardly wait to leave, but
the opposite now rings true as the province's resource-based economy picks up
steam.

Richly endowed with the world's critical must-have commodities of uranium,
potash, crude oil, and grains and oilseeds, Saskatchewan has shucked its image
as a bit player and become a major economic force in the west.

Paul Caton, a senior market analyst with Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp., said
the commodities boom and the fact that nearly 20 per cent of oil production in
Canada comes from Saskatchewan -- oil traded just above $133 per barrel Monday
-- are driving the influx of people.

"It's almost like somebody flicked a switch and said, 'Hey look at this,' " he
said.

Skeptics need look no further than Statistics Canada data released Monday, which
showed Saskatchewan led the nation in retail sales growth in 2007 -- knocking
shop-happy Alberta from its three-year reign supreme.

It's the first time Saskatchewan has finished first in the retail growth ranking
since Statistics Canada began the series in 1991.

Retail sales in Saskatchewan soared 13 per cent to $13 billion in 2007 -- the
first time the gain has topped 10 per cent -- and twice the province's growth
rate in 2006.

Alberta, meanwhile, had to make do with second place, with 9.3 per cent growth
to $61.2 billion in 2007.

Saskatchewan's GDP growth was 11.4 per cent in 2007, ahead of Alberta's 8.3 per
cent and behind only Newfoundland's 13.4 per cent.

The numbers reflect a swelling population base in Saskatchewan, which recently
topped the one million mark.

In the last six quarters, the province has experienced a rush of people,
reversing a 22-year trend of net outmigration.

The influx of bodies is creating a scene many Calgarians are familiar with --
rapidly rising housing prices in centres like Saskatoon and Regina, traffic
congestion and, anecdotally at least, more pricey vehicles on the roads.

"Over a period of a few months, the economy and the housing markets were just
transformed," Caton said from Saskatoon.

"It looks more like Calgary with Escalade trucks and the like."

Earlier this month, a CMHC report forecast Regina will see increases across the
board in housing starts and prices for new and resale homes.

The average resale price in Regina for all types of homes is expected to hit
$230,000 in 2008, up from $165,613 the previous year.

Prices are even hotter in Saskatoon, where the average is projected to hit
$275,000. Prices are expected to continue their upward march, Caton said.

Diana Wyman, senior analyst with Statistic Canada's current economic analysis
division, said the people moving to Saskatchewan are 25 to 45 years in age, and
are largely from Alberta.

"In Saskatchewan you actually have these people moving back planning to have
families, so it has a different possible ramification for population growth long
term," she said.

Saskatchewan is also leading exports for all the provinces so far in 2008,
partly because of potash shipments and potash prices, she said.

In April, China agreed to pay $576 US a tonne for potash this year from Canadian
marketing company, Canpotex Ltd.

Comprising Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc., Mosaic Co. and Calgary's Agrium
Inc., Canpotex's deal represented a $400 per tonne increase over 2007 levels and
set the stage for even higher prices down the road.

Saskatchewan is also Canada's lone producer -- and the worlds largest producer
-- of uranium, suppling about one-quarter of world uranium production, according
to a government of Saskatchewan website.

Agriculture is also booming in response to robust commodity prices.

Wyman noted the amount of land left fallow this year in Saskatchewan will be the
smallest since 1920. Farmers expect to plant more canola and wheat -- both at
record high prices -- and less oats and barley.

There's also a big drive in agricultural machinery in 2008, indicating a
willingness by farmers to invest to meet the demand, she said.

But agriculture isn't the only thing eating up Saskatchewan land. In April,
Saskatchewan recorded its highest land sale in its history of $265 million -- or
$15 million more than reaped in all of 2007 -- as oil and gas companies look to
develop the province's energy prospects.

Up to April 11, Saskatchewan led Alberta in terms of the amount of land sold for
these reasons in 2008. Saskatchewan had taken in $462 million compared with
$148.42 million in Alberta, not including oilsands.

(Saskatchewan holds land sales every other month, while Alberta brings down the
hammer every two weeks.)

It's the same story with agricultural land values. Farm Credit Canada's spring
2008 report shows agricultural land values jumped 7.8 per cent in the last six
months of 2007, the biggest increase in value seen in at least a decade.

Saskatchewan's land value increase was the third-highest in Canada, behind
British Columbia (14.5 per cent) and Alberta (10.3 per cent).

Frank Atkins, a University of Calgary economist, said it's the western economies
that are preventing the Canadian economy "from looking extraordinarily dismal."

"The whole West is the engine of growth out here, not counting Manitoba," Atkins
said.

gteel@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Canwest News Service Archive; Commodities such as those found at this
potash mine about 10 kilometres west of Saskatoon are helping to boost
Saskatchewan's economy. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Origins and delineation of saltwater intrusion in the Biscayne
aquifer and changes in the distribution of saltwater in Miami-Dade County,
Florida

LENGTH: 889  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Geological Survey, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Intrusion of saltwater into parts of the shallow karst Biscayne aquifer is a
major concern for the 2.5 million residents of Miami-Dade County that rely on
this aquifer as their primary drinking water supply. Saltwater intrusion of this
aquifer began when the Everglades were drained to provide dry land for urban
development and agriculture. The reduction in water levels caused by this
drainage, combined with periodic droughts, allowed saltwater to flow inland
along the base of the aquifer and to seep directly into the aquifer from the
canals. The approximate inland extent of saltwater was last mapped in 1995.

An examination of the inland extent of saltwater and the sources of saltwater in
the aquifer was completed during 2008-2011 by using (1) all available salinity
information, (2) time-series electromagnetic induction log datasets from 35
wells, (3) time-domain electromagnetic soundings collected at 79 locations, (4)
a helicopter electromagnetic survey done during 2001 that was processed,
calibrated, and published during the study, (5) cores and geophysical logs
collected from 8 sites for stratigraphic analysis, (6) 8 new water-quality
monitoring wells, and (7) analyses of 69 geochemical samples.

The results of the study indicate that as of 2011 approximately 1,200 square
kilometers (km2) of the mainland part of the Biscayne aquifer were intruded by
saltwater. The saltwater front was mapped farther inland than it was in 1995 in
eight areas totaling about 24.1 km2. In many of these areas, analyses indicated
that saltwater had encroached along the base of the aquifer. The saltwater front
was mapped closer to the coast than it was in 1995 in four areas totaling
approximately 6.2 km2. The changes in the mapped extent of saltwater resulted
from improved spatial information, actual movement of the saltwater front, or a
combination of both.

Salinity monitoring in some of the canals in Miami-Dade County between 1988 and
2010 indicated influxes of saltwater, with maximum salinities ranging from 1.4
to 32 practical salinity units (PSU) upstream of the salinity control
structures. Time-series electromagnetic induction log data from monitoring wells
G-3601, G-3608, and G-3701, located adjacent to the Biscayne, Snapper Creek, and
Black Creek Canals, respectively, and upstream of the salinity control
structures, indicated shallow influxes of conductive water in the aquifer that
likely resulted from leakage of brackish water or saltwater from these canals.
The determination that saltwater influxes were recent is supported by the
similarity in the oxygen and hydrogen stable isotope composition in samples from
the Snapper Creek Canal, 1.6 kilometers (km) inland of a salinity control
structure, and in samples from well G-3608, which is adjacent to the canal, as
well as by the relative ages of the water sampled from well G-3608 and other
wells open to the aquifer below the saltwater interface. Historical and recent
salinity information from the Card Sound Road Canal, monitoring well FKS8
located adjacent to the canal, and the 2001 helicopter electromagnetic survey
indicated that saltwater may occasionally leak from this canal as far inland as
15 km. This leakage may be prevented or reduced by a salinity control structure
that was installed in May 2010. Saltwater also may have leaked from the
Princeton Canal.

Results of geochemical sampling and analysis indicate a close correspondence
between droughts and saltwater intrusion. Tritium/helium-3 apparent
(piston-flow) ages determined from samples of saltwater with chloride
concentrations of about 1,000 milligrams per liter (mg/L) or greater generally
corresponded to a period during which droughts were frequent. Comparison of
average daily air temperatures in Miami, Florida, with estimates of recharge
temperatures determined from the dissolved gas composition in water samples
indicated that saltwater likely entered the aquifer in April or early May when
water levels are typically at their lowest during the year. Conversely, most of
the samples of freshwater with chloride concentrations less than about 1,000
mg/L indicate recharge temperatures corresponding to air temperatures in mid to
late May when rainfall and water levels in the aquifer increase, and the
piston-flow ages of these samples correspond to wet years. The piston-flow ages
of freshwater samples generally were younger than ages of samples of saltwater.

Saltwater samples that were depleted in boron, magnesium, potassium, sodium, and
sulfate, and enriched in calcium relative to the concentrations theoretically
produced by freshwater/seawater mixing, generally were found to be associated
with areas where saltwater had recently intruded. The calcium to (bicarbonate +
sulfate) molar ratios (Ca/(HCO3+SO4)) of these samples generally were greater
than 1. Saltwater samples from some of the monitoring wells, however, indicated
little or no enrichment or depletion of these ions relative to the theoretical
freshwater/seawater mixing line, and the Ca/(HCO3+SO4) molar ratios of these
samples generally were less than 1. Results indicated that aquifer materials are
approaching equilibrium with seawater at these well locations.

For more information please visit: http://pubs.er.usgs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 28, 2009 Monday

Sena-BJP promises 'measures' to check influx of outsiders

BYLINE: Express news service

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Days after Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray called for a
"permit system" to check the flow of migrants to Mumbai, the Shiv Sena-BJP
alliance today promised to introduce a permanent, official system to control the
influx if it is voted to power.

"We will bring in some measures as a government to control the influx as it is
needed for any government to ensure welfare of residents. We could even consider
a permit system," said Shiv Sena executive president Uddhav Thackeray who, along
with BJP leaders Gopinath Munde and Nitin Gadkari, released the joint manifesto
for the coming Assembly elections today.

Keeping the focus on Mumbai and the Marathi issue, the alliance has also
promised to provide 80 per cent of skilled and unskilled jobs to locals and to
make traditional Marathi food items like vada-pav tax-free. Among the 125
promises in the 24-page manifesto is financial aid to mill workers who have lost
their jobs, and extraordinary powers to the BMC to implement all projects
undertaken by various agencies in the city.

In terms of infrastructure, the manifesto promises to extend the Bandra-Worli
sea-link up to Nariman Point and take a lead in creating a second airport for
Mumbai.

The alliance has urged Marathi voters to remain united, and not to fall prey to
empty promises. It says that if the Sena-BJP win the polls, a law will be
enacted to celebrate "Marathi week" from February 21 to 27 annually. Also, Rs
2,000 crore of central funds will be set aside for a board to translate the best
global literature into Marathi.

Addressing farmers, the alliance promises to clear all agriculture loans and
make them free of moneylenders. The manifesto categorically states that fertile
land will not be allowed to be procured for SEZs.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Feeling itchy? Try as you mite, you can't escape these critters

BYLINE:  By Nancy Cambria St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 663 words


There's an invisible invasion happening on the microscopic level that's leaving
humans and animals in the region in an itchy, perplexed state.

The perpetrator is called the oak tree itch mite, a minuscule eight-legged pest
that's falling more frequently out of oak trees this autumn and landing on
people and animals, particularly in Missouri and Kansas.

They're so small, people can't see them or feel them on their skin. The only
evidence they've taken up residence on the skin are the ensuing clusters of
tiny, pimple-like bites.

"Man, they itch a lot," said Cardinal Glennon SSM Health Care pediatrician Neil
Rebbe, himself a victim of the mites that float through the air like dust
particles.

The invisible mites have been a hot, itchy topic in the St. Louis area with
people mystified on social media as to how they got the bites and where.

Rebbe said they were unusual because he found them on places on his body covered
by clothing. So he did a little research on his own to identify them, and then
helped a group of 40 or so people on a University City message board understand
that the itching they were experiencing probably wasn't coming from chiggers,
but oak tree itch mites.

"We call them breakfast, lunch and dinner mites," Rebbe said. "It's like the bug
is walking along your skin and taking snacks."

Dennis Patton, a horticulturist with Johnson County Kansas State University
Extension, said oak tree itch mites have been taking a bite out of people in
both eastern Kansas and Missouri in unprecedented numbers this year and last.

"When you see them blown up big, they almost look like this little alien type
creature out of Star Trek, but you're not going to see them on your skin," he
said.

Nobody is quite sure why there's been such a big outbreak of the mites and
bites, Patton said. The last time such an influx of the mites occurred was more
than a decade ago, and it was isolated to eastern Kansas and Nebraska, Patton
said. And yet, the mites have clearly migrated east and become even more of a
nuisance this year, he said.

The mites' life cycles are just as complex and incognito as their bites. They
can't survive without oak tree leaves. But it's a complicated symbiotic
relationship involving another pest.

In the spring, tiny wasp-like insects lay their eggs on oak leaves with a small
sting. The sting to the leaf deforms the surrounding plant cell tissue. That
causes the leaves to grow small mole-like formations called "galls" that house
the gnat larvae growing inside.

Enter the oak tree itch mites. They eat the flesh of the larvae, and hundreds of
thousands of them can burrow inside a single oak leaf gall to feast on a
developing insect all summer long. Come fall, however, the mites emerge from the
galls to find winter shelter in the bark of the tree. That's when many get blown
off the trees and may land on innocent bystanders. They're so small they can
even float through window screens.

The bites are relatively harmless unless people or animals scratch them too much
and they become infected, Patton said.

To avoid the bites, it's best to refrain from standing too close or under oak
trees and wear long-sleeved clothing, pants, a hat and socks. A shower after
being outdoors is sufficient to rid your body of them. Patton stressed they are
not chiggers that burrow into the skin, but rather top feeders.

In many cases the itching can be treated in the usual fashion: ice on the bite,
a dose of oral Benadryl and over-the-counter steroid cream.

As for how long the itching lasts, Rebbe said it depends on the inflammatory
response of the individual. His itch has been going strong for about a week. And
yet, as a physician, he's got some salve in at least knowing what's causing his
discomfort. He made sure to send photos of his bites to fellow physicians in the
SSM health network.

"For us pediatricians, it is nice to have a name for a rash. We see tons of
rashes, and we typically don't know what they are," he said. "At least we can
peg this."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This is the straw itch mite, which is closely related to the oak itch
mite, under a microscope. (Photo from the United States Department of
Agriculture)  Dr. Neil Rebbe, a pediatrician with Cardinal Glennon SSM Health
Care, shows off his suspected oak tree itch mite bites. Kansas and Missouri have
seen an unprecedented influx of the mite, and their itchy bites, this fall on
humans and animals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           October 29, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Beetles found in more trees;
Climbers comb upper canopy

BYLINE: Steven H. Foskett Jr., TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


The number of trees infested with Asian longhorned beetles has grown to 2,500,
U.S. Department of Agriculture officials confirmed yesterday.

Suzanne M. Bond, spokeswoman for the USDA, said the recent influx of "smoke
jumper" tree climbers - normally used to fight forest fires in Western states -
to the area has resulted in more discoveries. Around 1,700 trees had previously
been confirmed as infested.

"The climbers were able to reach higher, to get up into the trees to find more
infestations," Ms. Bond said last night.

She said survey work continues. Most of the climbers have concentrated their
efforts in the Greendale, West Boylston Street and Burncoat Street areas.

She said the new discoveries do not indicate a spread of the infestation beyond
the boundary previously designated. Previous surveys done before the climbers
arrived simply could not get high enough to fully inspect some trees.

The Massachusetts Asian Longhorned Beetle Eradication Cooperative Program will
hold a community meeting from 6:30 to 8:30 tonight in Fuller Auditorium at
Worcester Technical High School, 1 Skyline Drive. City, state and federal
officials will be on hand to discuss the latest news and will update residents
on eradication efforts and continuing surveying efforts.

Ms. Bond said crews are still waiting for the season's first good cold snap to
kill off the adult beetles, and said inspectors are still finding live adult
beetles.

Crews on Saturday began marking trees that have been identified as infested with
the beetle. Using information gathered in recent surveys, they are returning to
neighborhoods where infested trees have been found and are marking the targeted
trees with dots of red paint. In the coming weeks, likely after Dec. 1, they
will return to cut down the infested trees.

First discovered over the summer, the invasive beetles have an appetite for
several varieties of trees, including maples, which make up most of the city's
public shade tree inventory. A quarantine area includes the city and parts of
Holden, West Boylston, Boylston and Shrewsbury.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                               May 6 1988, Friday

Marina plan

SECTION: Issue 63074.

LENGTH: 41 words


The Ministry of Agriculture yesterday gave final clearance for the construction
of a 600-berth marina at Brixham, Devon, after a public inquiry dismissed
allegations that such a large influx of yachts would harm local fishing
interests.


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              277 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                August 07, 2016

Use Agriculture to Revive Nation's Economy, NGE Task FG

LENGTH: 294 words


The Nigerian Guild of Editors (NGE), on Sunday urged the Federal Government to
adopt agriculture as a means of reviving the nation's economy.

The Guild made the call in a communiqué at end of its 12th annual conference in
Port Harcourt.

The conference theme was " Economic Diversification: Agriculture As Option For A
Prosperous Nigeria".

The communiqué, signed by its President, Mrs Funke Egbemode and Secretary, Mrs
Victoria Ibanga, said the move would create employment for youths and bring
prosperity to the country and its people.

It noted that agriculture had been neglected because of negative mindset,
reliance on outdated methods and gross underfunding.

"The media has a major role to play in efforts to redirect the consciousness of
Nigerians especially the youth towards embracing modern, technology-driven
agriculture," it said.

The Guild called on the government to evolve policies that wiil protect local
farmers against influx of foreign agricultural products.

It also suggested that government should encourage local production for food
sufficiency and processing of raw materials.

According to the Guild, government should quickly recapitalize and make more
functional, the Bank of Agriculture and other institutions relevant to the
agricultural programmes of the country.

It said " the formation of more farmers' co-operative societies should be
encouraged while those already in existence should be strengthened to improve on
their productivity".

It said that the Guild lamented the decline in the quality of journalism
practice and non-adherence to the ethics of the profession and called on Editors
to make efforts to redress the situation in their different organisations.

The communiqué said that the Guild ratified Mrs Funke Egbemode as its President.

(NAN)

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

House ratifies bill punishing large-scale agri smuggling as economic sabotage

BYLINE: Gil C. Cabacungan

LENGTH: 454  words


The House of Representatives has ratified a bill making large-scale agricultural
smuggling as an act of economic sabotage subject to harsher penalties in a bid
to end the influx of rice, sugar, onions, pork, poultry and beef that have hurt
the farm sector.

House Ways and Means Committee Chair and Marikina Rep. Romero Quimbo said on
Tuesday he was expecting President Aquino to sign the Anti-Agricultural
Smuggling Act.

This law sends a message that government cannot tolerate the illegal entry of
agriculture products, which cause heavy damage to the agriculture sector. Around
65 percent of the population depends on agriculture and this law is for them,
said Quimbo in a text message.

Quimbo said smugglers have become more brazen over the past few years due to the
absence of tough laws penalizing the dumping of cheap or subsidized farm
products in the country. Part of the reason we've not been able to reduce
poverty has been our inability to protect our farmers. This law corrects that,
said Quimbo.

The law imposes life imprisonment and a fine of twice the fair value of the
smuggled product and the aggregate amount of the taxes, duties and other charges
due from the importer.

The proposed law also imposes a penalty of 17 to 20-year imprisonment for
officers of dummy corporations, nongovernment organizations, associations,
cooperatives, or single proprietorships who knowingly sell, lend, lease, assign,
consent or allow the unauthorized use of their import permits for the smuggling
of farm goods.

Economic sabotage referred not only to the illegal importation but also to the
manipulation of prices to the detriment of the public. The law covers
agricultural products that are plant-based or animal-based and raw or processed,
including any commodity or product derived from livestock that is available for
human or livestock consumption such as fish, forestry, seeds, poultry and dairy
products.

The bill said the crime of large-scale agricultural smuggling as economic
sabotage, involving sugar, corn, pork, poultry, garlic, onion, carrots, fish,
and cruciferous vegetables, in its raw state, or which have undergone the simple
processes of preparation or preservation for the market, valued at a minimum
amount of P10 million, as determined by the Bureau of Customs, would be deemed
committed through any of the following acts:

Importation of farm products without a permit;

Using the permit of another person or entity;

Sale or lease or consenting of permits for use by other entities;

Misclassification, undervaluation or misdeclaration of import entries;

Forming or using dummy corporations or cooperatives to get a permit;

Transport or storage of smuggled goods; and,

Acting as middle man in releasing these goods.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                   March 2012

Fake Inputs - Govt Starts Licensing Seed Firms

BYLINE: Paul Tentena

LENGTH: 179 words

DATELINE: Kampala


Uganda has started licencing seed agents countrywide, a measure aimed at taming
the influx of fake seeds on the market.

This follows a directive from President Yoweri Museveni to have all seed traders
registered.

"The power of licensing lies in the hands of the Ministry of Agriculture, Animal
Industry and Fisheries. You should licence people by region and in case anything
goes wrong, they will be responsible," said Museveni while meeting leaders of
the Busoga Sub-Region (eastern Uganda) at a Zonal Conference on Poverty
Eradication and Enterprise Selection conducted at State House, Entebbe.

The President's directive followed complaints from farmers and seed dealers that
the market is flooded with fake seeds.

Museveni told the agricultural ministry to be very vigilant on the selling of
fake seeds and to crack down on all fake seed sellers. He urged ministry
officials to develop a programme for the distribution of decatix drug to famers
with pumps to spray on cattle to wipe out tse-tse flies.

He advised leaders to guide people on eradicating poverty from their homes.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The New Zealand Herald

                              July 9, 2001 Monday

Climate suspect in pest influx

BYLINE: By JACQUELINE ROWARTH*

SECTION: BUSINESS; Agriculture; General

LENGTH: 361 words


New Zealand's climate affects the distribution of plants and the pests that
attack them.

Dr Stephen Goldson, programme leader of the AgResearch Biocontrol and
Biosecurity Group, says the arrival of new insect species such as tussock moth,
the clover root weevil, Varroa mite and the salt marsh mosquito may be the
result of climate change.

"If these new invaders cannot be eradicated, we then investigate methods of
minimising their impacts, including natural control methods using agents
collected from the country from which the pest originated," he said.

"We are also in touch with the Ministry of Agriculture about what sorts of pest
species may be a particular threat to New Zealand's productive ecosystems, so
that we can plan appropriate responses."

In the 1990s Dr Goldson's team identified control measures for gipsy moth, and
now know which control strategy to use in various scenarios. They have also
completed a 10-year programme during which they identified a small wasp capable
of parasitising (and hence killing) the pest of grassland and cereals, the
Argentine stem weevil. His group tested it for suitability under New Zealand
conditions, and then, with the help of farmers, released it in numerous
locations around the country.

It has since become naturalised with minimal impact on non-target species.

Now, with the help of the pastoral industry boards, the team are investigating
natural methods of control for clover root weevil, which was found in the
Waikato five years ago and has since been moving north and south at the rate of
30km to 40km a year.

Last year, under controlled conditions in Britain, different strains of natural
enemies of this weevil were examined for their potential effectiveness. The most
promising strains have since been brought back to New Zealand and are being
further investigated in quarantine.

Dr Goldson said climate was just one factor in the distribution of the pests.

People who brought biological material into the country could be responsible for
very serious problems.

* Jacqueline Rowarth is president of the New Zealand Institute of Agricultural
Science and Unitec research director.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

          Copyright 2001 The New Zealand Herald.  All Rights Reserved.


                              281 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 17, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Medfly outbreak found in S. Florida

BYLINE: NEIL JOHNSON, njohnson@tampatrib.com

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 260 words


Last major influx occurred in 1997-98

By NEIL JOHNSON

njohnson@tampatrib.com

TAMPA - Florida is facing its first major outbreak of Mediterranean fruit flies
in more than a decade after traps found the destructive pests in Palm Beach
County.

The flies were first found in Boca Raton, prompting agriculture inspectors to
set out 2,000 more traps that caught additional flies. So far, the flies have
been found in mango, loquat and sour orange trees.

The state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services said the medfly can
present a major threat to Florida's agriculture industry.

Adult medflies lay eggs in fruits or vegetables. Maggots bore in and feed,
causing the fruit or vegetable to rot.

Just about every kind of fruit or and vegetable is vulnerable to the tiny flies.
They affect more than 250 fruits and vegetables, including com-mercially
valuable varieties such as oranges, mangoes and tomatoes.

The last major outbreak of the pest was in 1997 and 1998 and covered nine
counties, including Hillsborough.

Agriculture inspectors are placing traps in an 81-square-mile area around each
location where flies were discovered to find out how far they have spread.

Eradication efforts include insecticides, removing fruit from infected trees and
distributing more sterile male fruit flies.

Since 2002, the state has released the sterile males, which mate with wild
females but no eggs are produced.

Reporter Neil Johnson can be reached at (813) 259-7731.

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              282 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 25, 2002 Tuesday

CHRONIC WASTING DISEASE: Wisconsin lab preparing to be test site

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 212 words


MADISON, Wis. -- The Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory is preparing for
an influx of thousands of deer tissue samples to be tested for chronic wasting
disease this fall.

The lab is still waiting for a permit from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
do the tests, but has already started renovations so the lab can accept samples
from as many as 25,000 deer, lab director Dr. Robert Shull said.

The facility has already been working with the state Department of Natural
Resources to remove brain and lymph tissues from deer shot in the eradication
zone. Those samples have been sent to the National Veterinary Services
Laboratory in Ames, Iowa.

Most of the work will be done in Madison when the facility is approved, but some
of the tests will have to be sent out because of the large number, Shull said.

The DNR hopes hunters and state sharpshooters together will shoot as many as
25,000 deer a 361-square mile eradication zone in south-central Wisconsin. So
far, 18 deer in Wisconsin have tested positive for the disease, which causes
deer to grow thin and die.

With the renovations, the Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory hopes to
become part of a network of diagnostic laboratories testing for CWD, Shull said.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 25, 2002 Tuesday

CHRONIC WASTING DISEASE: Wisconsin lab preparing to be test site

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 212 words


MADISON, Wis. -- The Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory is preparing for
an influx of thousands of deer tissue samples to be tested for chronic wasting
disease this fall.

The lab is still waiting for a permit from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to
do the tests, but has already started renovations so the lab can accept samples
from as many as 25,000 deer, lab director Dr. Robert Shull said.

The facility has already been working with the state Department of Natural
Resources to remove brain and lymph tissues from deer shot in the eradication
zone. Those samples have been sent to the National Veterinary Services
Laboratory in Ames, Iowa.

Most of the work will be done in Madison when the facility is approved, but some
of the tests will have to be sent out because of the large number, Shull said.

The DNR hopes hunters and state sharpshooters together will shoot as many as
25,000 deer a 361-square mile eradication zone in south-central Wisconsin. So
far, 18 deer in Wisconsin have tested positive for the disease, which causes
deer to grow thin and die.

With the renovations, the Wisconsin Veterinary Diagnostic Laboratory hopes to
become part of a network of diagnostic laboratories testing for CWD, Shull said.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Margaret River coalmine too risky

SECTION: NEWS; Letters; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 358 words


Far from being "whipped into a frenzy by a celebrity chef", local residents have
taken a measured and objective view of the proposed $100 million coalmine at
Margaret River ("Support for Margaret River coalmine" and "How green is my
valley", January 15-16).

With other experienced geologists, I have considered the likely impact on our
water resources and concluded that the risk is unacceptable.

The mine would be within the Sue Group (coal measures), which lie directly
beneath a substantial aquifer, the Leederville Formation. This aquifer provides
critical ground water to the Margaret River, other ground water dependent
ecosystems, farm bores and dams. Margaret River supplies water to the towns of
Margaret River, Prevelly, Gnarabup and Cowaramup, as well as for agriculture,
and the river is an important aesthetic and recreational asset. It is proposed
to mine beneath the river.

Cores and electric logs from wells show that, in places, sandstones of the Sue
Group are highly porous and permeable. The very young age and chemistry of its
contained water are essentially the same as that of the overlying aquifer, and
hydrographs within the Sue Group respond immediately to extraction of water from
the aquifer.

It can only be concluded that the coal measures are hydraulically connected to
the overlying aquifer and thence to the river. This is exacerbated by widespread
and unpredictable fracturing within the coal measures. Influx of water into the
mine would be significant and with observed fractures and faults, roof collapse,
resulting in catastrophic water influx is likely.

This would have a direct and potentially ruinous impact on the river and other
groundwater dependent assets. Water extracted from coalmines is contaminated.
Disposal into streams and/or leakage back to the aquifer entails unacceptable
risks to the environment and public health (co-mingling with town and
agricultural water).

There are numerous other severe environmental problems inherent in mining coal
at this locality, but hopefully the above will convince readers it is far from
being an emotionally driven, not-in-my-backyard issue.

Peter Lane Margaret River WA

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          December 14, 2005 Wednesday

Nigeria: Governor urges World Bank's intervention in aviation sector

LENGTH: 441 words


Text of report by Amby Uneze entitled "Duke seeks World Bank intervention in
aviation industry" published by Nigerian newspaper This Day website on 13
December

As the nation experiences series of accidents in the aviation sector in recent
times, the governor of Cross River State [southeastern Nigeria], Mr Donald Duke
has solicited the intervention of the World Bank to come to the nation's rescue
as its expertise advice and contribution could help remedy the state of the
aviation industry in the country.

According to him, the World Bank has done a lot in remedying countries that are
in dire need of assistance in various fields of human endeavour , stating that
such assistance goes a long way in ameliorating the dangers that were hitherto
difficult to tackle.

The governor also commended the apex bank for the inclusion of the state among
the lead states in its intervention programmes in the country in the area of
transportation, adding that the bank's decision will boost the development of
the state in her economic programmes.

Speaking while receiving the bank's team overseeing its programmes on transport
and economic development in Nigeria, led by Mr Justin Runju in Calabar, Duke
said the need for World Bank to partner with the state has become imperative
because of the human and vehicular traffic explosion which would be experienced
when the Tinapa Business Resort becomes operational by next year.

Duke who was represented by the secretary to the state government, Mr Johnson
Ebokpo, added that since the state is gradually acquiring a new character
through its numerous developmental programmes, especially in two aggressive
areas which are agriculture and tourism, there abound influx of investors and
visitors to the state.

He said, "when the Tinapa project, which is the major project is commissioned,
and as a major economic trading hub for west and central Africa, there will be a
heavy traffic within the route and there is the need to evolve ways of
controlling the anticipated influx in traffic flow."

On the new Cabotage law, he noted that though it is intended to ginger local
participation in the shipping industry, stating, "it is imperative that World
Bank should work out ways and means where Nigerians could be involved in the new
process because there are inadequacies."

The governor also enjoined the world apex Bank to be involved deeply on all
aspect of transport, including the rail system in the country which he said was
poorly managed, stressing that the railway industry in the country needed a
strong policy and a better frame work to meet its challenges.

Source: This Day website, Lagos, in English 13 Dec 05

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday

Syria could resort to reciprocity over new Lebanon entry rules

LENGTH: 498 words


Text of report in English by Lebanese news website Naharnet on 10 January

Well-informed Lebanese officials said on Saturday that the Syrian side depicted
the latest measures taken by Lebanon's government to control the influx of
Syrian refugees as a "flagrant violation of the Lebanese-Syrian treaty that
could aggravate relations between the two neighbouring countries".

The sources also did not rule out the possibility that the Syrian authorities
could take similar measures as a retaliatory action by closing the transit
border line between Lebanon and the Arab countries.

"What if the Syrian authorities decided to close the vital line that links
Lebanon to the Arab countries. How would the Lebanese authorities react to such
a measure, and what will the reaction of merchants, truck drivers, and thousands
of Lebanese families who live of agricultural exports to Arab markets do," the
source told As daily said.

Lebanon had on Monday begun imposing entry restrictions on Syrians, including
those fleeing their country's civil war.

The measures don't apply to Syrian refugees, and the procedures are limited to
filling in a card that specifies the aim behind the visit of any Syrian and not
a visa restriction.

The measures don't involve Syrians who hold refugee cards and are registered by
the UN refugee agency.

Interior Minister Nouhad al-Mashnouq also stated on Saturday that the Lebanese
government has taken the decision to stop the influx of Syrian refugees to
Lebanon.

He stressed that "the exceptional measures were taken in exceptional
circumstances that no one can deny due to the large number of brethren Syrian
refugees entering Lebanon.

"We do not deny their favour when they received us during times of war and we
will continue to do the same and provide them with their needs. However we will
receive no more refugees unless in particular cases that will be decided by the
General Security and the Ministry of Social Affairs."

The new entry restrictions were highlighted during a meeting between head of the
Lebanese-Syrian Higher Council Nasri Khoury and General Security chief Maj. Gen.
Abbas Ibrahim.

The entry restrictions are the first in the history of the two countries and
come as Lebanon struggles to deal with more than 1.5 million Syrian refugees.

The influx has tested the country's limited resources, as well as the patience
of its citizens, particularly as security has deteriorated.

For months, Lebanon's government has sounded the alarm, warning the
international community that it could no longer deal with the influx.

Starting October, the government said Lebanon would stop accepting displaced
Syrians, with exceptions on humanitarian grounds only.

A UN report said on Wednesday that Lebanon is hosting the largest number of new
refugee arrivals between January and June 2014.

UNHCR said Lebanon shot up from being the 69th largest refugee-hosting country
to second largest within just three and a half years.

Source: Naharnet, Beirut, in English 1345 gmt 10 Jan 15

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            April 20, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: MIGRANT INFLUX FOR FARMING VACANCIES

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 620 words


Thousands of migrants from former Eastern Bloc nations which are due to join the
EU next month have been swamping a West Midlands farm with work applications.

Strawberry farmer Graham Neal, of S&A Produce in Brierely, near Leominster in
Herefordshire, employs up to 1,600 seasonal workers each year to harvest his
crops. They include university students from Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and
China. But, he said, he had also been inundated with tens of thousands of work
applications from the accession countries -Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia,
Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Malta, Slovak Republic and Slovenia -which
are due to join the EU next month.

He started employing the foreign students through a Home Office scheme due to
the lack of locally available staff. All of them live on the farm in caravans
for the six-week picking season, which begins next month.

Mr Neal said he had been contacted by several new agencies recently set up in
the ten countries as thousands of their citizens look to work in Britain once
they join the EU.

Britain and Ireland are the only EU countries willing to open their borders to
workers from the new member states.

He said: 'On a good day we may get an agent representing Poland who could have
access to 1,000 students available for work. There has been a phenomenal amount
of agencies starting up in the ten accession countries providing anyone from HGV
drivers to bricklayers ready for May 1.

'They are looking for more permanent jobs and you get a huge number of people
looking at agriculture.'

The Government has estimated 11,000 people from the accession countries could
flock to the UK on May 1.

Wychavon District Council is also expecting an influx of migrant workers to the
Vale of Evesham in Worcestershire for jobs in the packing industry.

According to a report by the local authority, councillors fear a rush of workers
could place a strain on the housing stock in the Vale, which already has more
than 1,000 people travelling to the area each day to work in packhouses under
the control of gangmasters.

Mr Neal said he would not take any speculative applications and only employed
students under the Seasonal Agricultural Workers scheme, which is regulated by
the Government.

The scheme allows university students from Eastern Europe to learn farming
skills while earning a wage to help fund their studies. Under the scheme, Mr
Neal must provide housing for the workers for a maximum rent of pounds 23 per
week and pay an hourly rate of pounds 4.50 -70p above the minimum wage.

He recently came under fire from local residents over plans to improve workers'
accommodation and offer a range of leisure facilities on his land Planning
approval is expected to be given tomorrow to a pounds 5 million development on a
five-acre site, which will include permanent homes, shops, a health centre,
swimming pool, disco and sauna.

The aim is to keep the workers from overwhelming the ancient hamlet of Brierley,
which has a population of 30.

Mr Neal said his plan was an attempt to improve the existing accommodation for
seasonal workers.

'It is a very difficult one for us. Agriculture, unlike any other business, is
governed by the 1940 Agricultural Workers Act which means farmers can charge a
maximum of pounds 23 a week for accommodation. It would be much better if we
were able to charge more and give better accommodation. Farmers do get hammered
every which way, ' he added.

Bob Widdowson, of the Campaign for the Protection of Rural England in
Herefordshire, said while he agreed housing conditions should be improved for
seasonal workers, the location for this particular development was unsuitable.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              288 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            April 20, 2004, Tuesday

RURAL MATTERS: MIGRANT INFLUX FOR FARMING VACANCIES

BYLINE: SARAH PROBERT

SECTION: First Edition; NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 620 words


Thousands of migrants from former Eastern Bloc nations which are due to join the
EU next month have been swamping a West Midlands farm with work applications.

Strawberry farmer Graham Neal, of S&A Produce in Brierely, near Leominster in
Herefordshire, employs up to 1,600 seasonal workers each year to harvest his
crops. They include university students from Russia, Ukraine, Kazakhstan and
China. But, he said, he had also been inundated with tens of thousands of work
applications from the accession countries -Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia,
Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Malta, Slovak Republic and Slovenia -which
are due to join the EU next month.

He started employing the foreign students through a Home Office scheme due to
the lack of locally available staff. All of them live on the farm in caravans
for the six-week picking season, which begins next month.

Mr Neal said he had been contacted by several new agencies recently set up in
the ten countries as thousands of their citizens look to work in Britain once
they join the EU.

Britain and Ireland are the only EU countries willing to open their borders to
workers from the new member states.

He said: 'On a good day we may get an agent representing Poland who could have
access to 1,000 students available for work. There has been a phenomenal amount
of agencies starting up in the ten accession countries providing anyone from HGV
drivers to bricklayers ready for May 1.

'They are looking for more permanent jobs and you get a huge number of people
looking at agriculture.'

The Government has estimated 11,000 people from the accession countries could
flock to the UK on May 1.

Wychavon District Council is also expecting an influx of migrant workers to the
Vale of Evesham in Worcestershire for jobs in the packing industry.

According to a report by the local authority, councillors fear a rush of workers
could place a strain on the housing stock in the Vale, which already has more
than 1,000 people travelling to the area each day to work in packhouses under
the control of gangmasters.

Mr Neal said he would not take any speculative applications and only employed
students under the Seasonal Agricultural Workers scheme, which is regulated by
the Government.

The scheme allows university students from Eastern Europe to learn farming
skills while earning a wage to help fund their studies. Under the scheme, Mr
Neal must provide housing for the workers for a maximum rent of pounds 23 per
week and pay an hourly rate of pounds 4.50 -70p above the minimum wage.

He recently came under fire from local residents over plans to improve workers'
accommodation and offer a range of leisure facilities on his land Planning
approval is expected to be given tomorrow to a pounds 5 million development on a
five-acre site, which will include permanent homes, shops, a health centre,
swimming pool, disco and sauna.

The aim is to keep the workers from overwhelming the ancient hamlet of Brierley,
which has a population of 30.

Mr Neal said his plan was an attempt to improve the existing accommodation for
seasonal workers.

'It is a very difficult one for us. Agriculture, unlike any other business, is
governed by the 1940 Agricultural Workers Act which means farmers can charge a
maximum of pounds 23 a week for accommodation. It would be much better if we
were able to charge more and give better accommodation. Farmers do get hammered
every which way, ' he added.

Bob Widdowson, of the Campaign for the Protection of Rural England in
Herefordshire, said while he agreed housing conditions should be improved for
seasonal workers, the location for this particular development was unsuitable.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2004 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              289 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

More study agriculture at college

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 142 words


A record number of students have enrolled on agricultural courses at Duchy
College in Stoke Climsland.

More than 150 students are currently at the college, a record since the first
intake of full-time students in 1986.

Duchy College has increased the number of agricultural students in Cornwall and
Devon, through providing part-time, full-time and work- based learning. Coulevel
one through to degree.

Charles Atkinson, curriculum area manager for agriculture said: "Agriculture at
Duchy College has seen an influx of interest from the South West , with record
numbers applying."

John Latham, principal of Cornwall College, said: "With the development of the
college farm, introducing native herds back into the local area and the great
achievements from our students, we expect to see the popularity of the course
grow substantially over the next few years."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                        Copyright 2008 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             April 14, 2008 Monday

Influx of heavy weapons coupled with trends of violence major problems: Owais

LENGTH: 487 words


PESHAWAR: The NWFP Governor Owais Ahmed Ghani has said that the un-toward
incidences being experienced from time to time especially from law and order
point of view in the country particularly in NWFP and FATA are the direct fall
outs of the war like situation prevailed across the border over the period of
almost 30 years.

Talking to the participants of the 3rd Senior Management Course; currently in
progress at National Management College, Lahore who called on him at Governor's
House, Peshawar on Monday, the Governor said that the influx of heavy weapons
coupled with trends of violence in the society are major problems.

The cultivation of poppy on vast level in the neighbouring country, he added, is
emerging as one of the biggest problem which is also resulting development of
huge vested interest and constant sources of destabilization in both the
countries.  We, on our part, he remarked, are quite conscious of the ground
realities and following both short and long term strategies to tackle the
problems.

Referring to various points, the Governor said, under the existing system of
governance in FATA, the tribes are enjoying certain administrative concessions
and incentives and in return, they are responsible to ensure peace and security
in their respective jurisdictions under the law of collective responsibility.

Talking on another point, the Governor said, because of certain developments,
emerged as a result of the prevailing situation in the region over the period;
the system of governance in FATA also suffered with certain weaknesses and in
realization to the facts, government has taken certain administrative measures.

The process, he added, also includes the strengthening of the law enforcing
agencies in the area.  Simultaneously, he added, government is also following
both short and long term strategies to ensure socio-economic well being of the
respective people in the area.  Responding to a point, he added, indeed
arranging financial resources for implementation on the development plans in
FATA is also a major challenge and there is dire need to adopt farsighted
approach in this respect.

As far as economic development oriented activities in FATA are concerned, the
Governor said, agriculture sector is the major discipline followed by
infrastructural development in all the respective fields and the steps being
taken by the government in this respect would definitely prove helpful in
bringing positive impact on the socio-economic life of the respective people.

The NWFP Minister for Health, Syed Zahir Ali Shah called on the NWFP Governor,
Owais Ahmed Ghani at Governor's House, Peshawar on Monday.  He remained with the
Governor for some time and discussed matters pertaining to the well being of the
people of the province with special reference to the working of the department.
The Governor wished him success in the fulfilment of his official
responsibilities.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Domestic Politics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2008 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                           September 22, 2015 Tuesday

'Organic Human Wall' to be Erected in Thiruvananthapuram

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: <img
src="http://media.newindianexpress.com/Organic.jpg/2015/09/22/article3040879.ece
/alternates/w620/Organic.jpg" /> THIRUVANANTHAPURAM


THIRUVANANTHAPURAM, Sept. 22 -- The Agriculture Department plans to form a
'wall' of organic farming enthusiasts, symbolically blocking the influx of
non-organic vegetables from other states. The 'Jaivamanava Mathil' event, to be
held on September 30, will stretch from Gandhi Park at East Fort to Martyrs'
Column at Palayam.

However, do we have so many organic farming enthusiasts to fill the entire
stretch? Principal Agricultural Officer N G Balachandra Nath says, "There will
be participation from 89 Krishi Bhavans. Apart from organic farmers and
Agriculture Department officials, there will be 9,000 school children as
participants."

The children participating for the September 30 event will be primarily from 132
schools in the city which have taken up farming. There will also be students
from the panchayats in the district.

The Krishi Bhavans in the district have been actively pushing for organic
farming, ever since it was declared that Kerala has been aiming for a total
organic farming status by 2016. As part of the campaign towards this, the
Agriculture Department in Thiruvananthapuram district had set November 1, 2015
as the date by which the capital will be fully organic.

The 'Jaivamanava Mathil' will be an important milestone in the campaign, says
Balachandra Nath. According to him, in the six months of active campaigning for
organic farming, several farmers have been encouraged to stop using chemical
pesticides. "We are reducing our dependency on other states. The amount of
vegetables brought from other states has reduced by 40 per cent in
Thiruvananthapuram. During Onam, around 2,700 tonnes of vegetables were produced
right here organically, by more than 1,100 organic farmers. In fact, some
farmers have started growing even winter vegetables, like cabbage and
cauliflower," he says.

Around 50 panchayats have set up 'Jaivavibhava Kendram', where organic manure
and organic pesticides made locally are supplied to farmers. A number of
agricultural officers, like the ones at Pulimath and Vattiyoorkavu Krishi
Bhavan, have taken initiatives to form groups of farmers who make organic
pesticides like Pseudomona and Trichoderma. The centres spread awareness on the
manure which can be created from biogas slurry as well as help farmers make
organic pesticides like a mixture of cow urine and 'kanthari mulaku' (thai
chilli).

By November 1, all 89 panchayats will have a 'Jaivavibhava Kendram'. The
Department has been organising 'Jaiva Padasala', which empowers school children
to make organic manure and pesticides. Awareness rallies, 'jaiva sabhas' or
meetings of organic farmers and several other activities are being held.

The length of the wall to be formed on September 30 will be a sign of where the
district stands in terms of organic farming.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             April 18, 2005 Monday
                                National Edition

More Canadian pigs may get to market: U.S. trade decision

BYLINE: Curt Thacker, Barron's

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST INVESTING; Pg. FP10

LENGTH: 650  words


More little piggies will be heading to market.

That's the consensus from U.S. Department of Agriculture economists and
livestock analysts, after U.S. pork producers who sought redress for an influx
of subsidized Canadian hogs and pigs instead got a ruling removing protective
tariffs.

The U.S. International Trade Commission ruled April 6 that imports of Canadian
hogs and pigs didn't injure the U.S. swine industry, reversing earlier decisions
and ending the collection of antidumping duties that have been in place for
nearly six months.

Lean hog futures fell sharply from April 4 through April 6, first in
anticipation of, and then reaction to, the ITC's ruling. Prices in most-active
June contract shed 4.05 cents per pound, or 5%, during the three-day period amid
expectations that the removal of duties would result in Canadian producers
shipping more hogs and pigs to the U.S.

Based on the ITC's ruling, the USDA's Economic Research Service bumped up its
estimate for second-half 2005 U.S. pork production by 160 million pounds. That
production would come from about 795,000 more hogs, based on USDA's per-head
pork production data during the first quarter.

Chuck Levitt, senior livestock analyst with Alaron Trading Corp. in Chicago,
says about 1 million hogs and pigs swung in the balance, depending on ITC's
ruling. He says if the duties had remained, imports of live swine from Canada
this year likely would have declined by about 800,000 head from last year. Since
the ITC has ruled against the duties, however, Levitt predicts that hog and pig
imports could grow by around 200,000 from the 2004 figure.

The number of feeder pigs -- young swine to be fattened for slaughter --
imported from Canada after the duties were imposed declined by 11,487 per week
during the 23-week period ended March 26, says Bob Brown, a private analyst
based in Edmond, Okla.

Eliminating the import duties would result in mainly more feeder pigs shipped
south into the U.S., Brown says. With the U.S. having cheaper and more available
feed supplies along with adequate facilities, it makes sense that more of
Canada's pigs will be shipped to the U.S., he says.

Not all analysts agree, however, that imports will grow enough to affect cash
hog prices this year. "This [ITC ruling] will not have any major impact on the
hog market in the short run," says Ron Plain, agricultural economist at the
University of Missouri. "This action will not change the North American pork
supply this year. It may increase the number of live hogs imported from Canada
by the U.S."

Last year, swine imports from Canada nearly doubled those seen in 2000 and
accounted for 8.5% of the hogs processed in U.S. plants. The number of hogs and
pigs shipped from Canada through the first 12 weeks of this year was down
324,000 head from a year ago, to USDA data.

The National Pork Producers Council and other parties filed the antidumping suit
against Canada, claiming Canadian producers receive illegal subsidies that
protect them during periods of unprofitable prices. The NPPC also said the
subsidies enabled Canada's swine industry to grow during and after the 1998 hog
market crash, when many U.S. producers were forced out of business due to heavy
losses.

"There is a reasonable indication that the U.S. industry is materially injured
by reason of imports of live swine from Canada that are allegedly subsidized and
sold in the United States at less than fair value." the ITC said in its
preliminary ruling last May. The decision prompted the Department of Commerce to
impose preliminary duties on live swine imports in October.

Not all U.S. swine producers supported the NPPC-led antidumping suit, however.
The Pork Trade Action Coalition, whose members represent family-owned farms in
the Midwest, opposed the antidumping duties. The coalition claims the duties
hurt many U.S. swine producers who depend on imports of feeder pigs from Canada.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Fred Greenslade, National Post; Last year, U.S. imports of Canadian
swine, such as this Manitoba native, nearly doubled over those seen in 2000.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              June 23, 2008 Monday

Iran president says domestically-built satellite ready for launch

LENGTH: 188 words


Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinezhad has said that Iran's domestically-built
satellite is completed and ready to be launched.

Speaking in a televised interview on 23 June, he said: "We have developed our
industries from a negative level to an active level. Today we are increasingly
exporting industries. Same goes for agriculture. Our agriculture industry was
about to be destroyed and we had an influx of villagers into big cities. Today
our agriculture industry has a strong backbone and even this year, with the
unprecedented draught, our agriculture industry is standing firm, giving
services and is meeting high levels of demands. In science and technology, we
are ahead of other countries of the region in many fields. In some fields we are
even ranking third or fourth in the world. In new technologies, our nation has
nuclear technology. We also have nano and bio technologies. In aerospace, we
have made immense progress. Well we launched our explorer rocket and the second
rocket and its satellite are ready to be launched."

Source: Vision of the Islamic Republic of Iran Network 1, Tehran, in Persian
1707 gmt 23 Jun 08

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     January 1, 2004 Thursday FINAL EDITION

Feds drop ball on mad-cow precautions

BYLINE: Diane Carman

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 841 words


My friends in Oregon were on a meat-eating frenzy when we arrived  last week.
Recent converts to the Atkins Diet, they were subsisting  nearly exclusively on
livestock products.


Three meals a day of bacon, eggs, sausage, beef, poultry, fried  pork rinds and
endless dairy products were served as conversations  revolved around two
subjects: Mad cow and what I'd give for a baked  potato right now.


They are not unusual. It seems the whole country has gone  carnivore.


And many of the same folks who cling to the belief that a  meat-heavy diet will
make them thin are just as blithely putting  their faith in government officials
who dismiss mad cow as merely a  case of media hysteria.


But John Stauber begs to differ.


Stauber is an investigative writer, executive director of the  Center for Media
and Democracy and co-author of the 1997 book 'Mad  Cow USA: Could the Nightmare
Happen Here?' He also is a harsh  critic of policies that he believes guaranteed
an influx of mad  cow-tainted meat into the U.S. food supply.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture knew at least as far back as  1991 what
needed to be done to prevent mad cow in the U.S. and  didn't do it, he said.
'Our book is really a case study in how a  deadly emerging disease was managed
as a PR problem rather than a  serious global threat.'


The reason measures were not taken to protect the food supply, he  said, was
that the agribusiness lobbyists pressured Congress not to  impose the necessary
regulations.


So the same folks who pooh-poohed the reforms of the accounting  industry that
might have prevented the corporate ripoffs that began  in the late '90s, decided
the precautions imposed in Britain after  the mad-cow outbreak there were too
much for the shareholders in  the American meat industry to bear.


The so-called 'fire wall' protecting American consumers from  contaminated meat
is 'a farce,' Stauber said. 'The obfuscation  and spin coming from the USDA is
amazing.'


Last July, the House defeated a bill that would have prohibited the  slaughter
of 'downed animals.' It was defeated because it would  cost farmers money. This
was despite testimony that a Canadian cow  found to have mad cow disease in May
was a 'downer' and clearly  demonstrated the risk of allowing sick animals to
enter the food  supply.


Before that, back in 1997, the USDA chose not to ban from the  market animal
feeds containing animal byproducts, a known cause of  the spread of mad cow
disease. Instead, it required that all such  animal feeds containing animal
byproducts be labeled as not  appropriate for ruminants - cattle, sheep, etc.


'All it was was a labeling regulation,' Stauber said, 'it's not  a ban. And even
at that it is widely ignored and poorly  enforced.'


Beyond that, Stauber said, blood products were exempt from the  regulations, and
the use of animal formulas containing blood plasma  from slaughterhouses is
common on dairy operations where farmers  wean calves early to maximize the
amount of milk available for  sale. 'An ocean of blood is being fed to farm
animals,' he said.


While little is known about its diet, the animal found to be  infected with mad
cow last month was a downer from a dairy herd in  Washington state.


Further, the suggestion that this is a unique, isolated case of mad  cow from
Canada is preposterous, Stauber said. 'The FDA said back  in 1997 that by the
time we saw one case of mad cow in the U.S. -  even if there were an effective
feed ban in place, which there  isn't - over the next 11 years because of the
invisible latency  period we could expect to see 299,000 more cases,' he said.


John Stencel, president of the Rocky Mountain Farmers Union, a  network of
family farmers and ranchers, shares Stauber's concern.  He said animal
byproducts are likely still found in livestock feed  on Colorado farms despite
the link with mad cow. 'There are people  we find who don't even know' of the
danger, he said. 'They may be  using some of that feed just because it's
available.'


Stencel, who worked at the USDA in the 1990s, said he saw how  budgets for
hiring livestock inspectors were cut year after year  and how enforcement of
existing regulations was compromised.


'Many people said we'd never see mad cow in the U.S., but I knew  that day would
come,' he said.


And it's not over yet.


'Down the road, we're going to see people dying of mad cow' in  the human form,
Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Stauber said. 'That's  when consumer outrage is going
to really kick in' and meaningful  regulation might finally come.


Until then, Stauber said, we can expect to see the USDA focus its  energy on
damage control, spin and 'smearing its critics.'


And in the meantime, that means consumers are on their own.


So I'll be the one eating the potatoes.


Diane Carman's column appears Sunday, Wednesday and Friday. E-mail:
dcarman@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 02, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                             May 21, 2016 Saturday

Gove warns of 5.2m migrant influx unless UK leaves EU

BYLINE: Michael Settle UK Political Editor

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 560 words


A MIGRANT influx equivalent to the entire population of Scotland would place
"unsustainable" pressure on Britain's NHS by 2030 unless the country left the
European Union, the UK's Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said.

As Vote Leave placed immigration front and centre of its campaign, the leading
Brexit campaigner claimed the worst case scenario figure of 5.2 million more net
migrants during the next 15 years was realistic.

The figure assumes Turkey, Albania, Serbia, Montenegro, and the former Yugoslav
Republic of Macedonia would all join the EU in 2020 and that the UK would not
impose transitional immigration controls on them.

Mr Gove emphasised how the UK Government's national living wage, £7.20 an hour
now but expected to rise to £9 by 2020, would act as a pull factor, resulting in
"huge additional pressure" on the NHS.

The Scot said that between 172,000 and 428,000 migrants a year would be arriving
in the UK until 2030, meaning A&E attendances would spiral by between 6.3m and
12.8m annually, increasing emergency NHS demand by between 28 per cent and 57
per cent.

Denying he was scaremongering, Mr Gove said the British Government was in favour
of Turkey joining the EU, and Brussels was speeding-up the process.

He said: "Citizens from these countries will inevitably be attracted to the UK,
not just because of our free health care but also because of the additional pull
factor that will result from the welcome introduction of the national living
wage.

"The European Commission is in the process of speeding-up the accession process.
It is already setting up the visa free travel programme with Turkey. That will
create a zone of free movement from our borders to the borders of Syria and
Iraq."

But Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said his cabinet colleague's figures were
"just plucked from thin air" and designed to confuse, not inform.

Dave Prentis, of public sector union Unison, said: "No-one should be taken in by
this latest bout of NHS scaremongering from the Brexit brigade."

The Remain camp highlighted remarks by Brexit standard-bearer Boris Johnson, who
said in March Turkey would not join the EU "in the foreseeable future" and the
idea of 75m Turks having visa-free travel was "simply not on the cards".

Meantime, Vote Leave produced a video challenging David Cameron's insistence
that Turkey should not be an issue in the referendum, claiming the UK was
currently paying more than £1bn to help Turkey join the EU. But the Liberal
Democrats branded the video "a xenophobic attack from a Leave campaign that
knows it is losing the debate".

In a speech to the Fabian Society, the former Labour premier Gordon Brown will
today urge mothers to vote for Britain to stay in the EU for the sake of their
children's future, saying some 500,000 new jobs could be created by opening up
the single market further to British firms.

Elsewhere, Jean-Claude Juncker, the European Commission president, warned the UK
would not be "welcomed with open arms" by the remaining EU members, if it voted
to "desert" the 28-nation bloc.

Ukip leader Nigel Farage, launching his party's campaign battle bus, which will
arrive in Aberdeen late next week, denounced Mr Juncker's remarks as showing how
Project Fear was "moving on to Project Threat".

He said his party's campaign would "put open borders, immigration, front and
centre of what we're campaigning about".

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 2, 2007 Tuesday

Italy's Prodi Welcomes New EU Members, Mayors Fear Romanian Influx, Crime

LENGTH: 600 words


Text of report by Italian newspaper Corriere della Sera website on 2 January

[Unattributed report: "Romanian Investigators to Check Influx of Arrivals"]

Rome - The enlargement of the EU to take in Romania and Bulgaria is a "fine
event," said Romano Prodi, who, while EU Commission president, had done much to
achieve this result. For the prime minister, who spoke at length on Radiouno's
Baobab programme, we are facing a process that cannot be stopped: "People were
afraid of the enlargement, but it is precisely this feeling that must be fought
against," also because "Romania and Bulgaria are well prepared." Then, on the
subject of Romanians living in Italy, the prime minister did not conceal some
concern: "It is a community that at times has created problems, but we are
working with the Romanian authorities to deal with the security issue."

This is a concern that has already been voiced by Interior Minister Giuliano
Amato. While in Brussels in December, the minister said that the enlargement
"poses no risk of invasion." Still, before Christmas, the man at the head of the
Viminale [Interior Ministry] flew to Bucharest to sign with his Romanian
counterpart Vasile Blaga an agreement against organized crime, which increases
the presence of Romanian investigators in Italy and makes it easier to intercept
the gangs that lead the rackets (prostitution and exploitation of minors) from
Romania.

The mayors, however, fear they will be in no condition to deal with the new
influx of immigrants. In Milan, the city council sounds the alarm through Social
Services Counselor Mariolina Maioli: "This is a national-level problem. It
cannot be imagined that our city is the only one to receive them. If the
government has a plan, we will do our bit according to the rules." Rome Mayor
Walter Veltroni said that, on this occasion too, there must be "the maximum
welcome, but also the maximum respect for the rules on the part of everybody."
As for numbers, Veltroni is rather cautious: "I hope there is not a mass exodus
because an immigration Europe would not do well."

Social Solidarity Minister Paolo Ferrero replies to the mayors, stressing that
emergence from illegal jobs and the stepping up of aid programmes for the new
members of the community will help increasingly to distinguish honest
individuals from those involved in illegal activities. Actually, now workers are
less prone to be blackmailed by clan rackets following the Council of Ministers'
adoption of a decree on Romanian and Bulgarian workers: with the opening of
employment markets in agriculture and in the building, tourist, hotel, and
engineering industries, domestic work, and personal assistance. In a couple of
years, Ferrero explains, "there will be a substantial exodus of immigrants
returning to Romania. They have already started going home to build a house or
even to set up a small firm with the experience they have gained from working as
builders here."

Discussions aside, the 300,000 Romanians residing in Italy, who are now EU
citizens and, consequently, no longer need an entry visa and the interpretation
of the muddled Bossi-Fino Law to find a job, have celebrated the New Year. That
the Romanian community is among the more substantial of the foreign communities
living in Italy is shown by registry offices and police "morning report
registers": while the first newborn babies of 2007 in Rome and Turin are
children of Romanian couples, in the capital the first person arrested this year
(a drunk who assaulted the local police) is also a Romanian.

Source: Corriere della Sera website, Milan, in Italian 2 Jan 07

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Future of EU in grave danger due to influx of refugees, warns French PM

BYLINE: Michael Settle UK Political Editor

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 469 words


THE huge influx of refugees from Syria and Iraq is putting the future of the
European Union in "grave danger", French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has warned.

As official figures showed there were 1.25 million people seeking asylum within
the EU last year, more evidence of the tragic ­consequences of people fleeing
conflict emerged with at                                     least 44 migrants,
including 20               children, drowning in two                 separate
shipwrecks in the            Aegean Sea.

This month 40,000 refugees            have crossed into Europe; the
fear is once the warmer weather begins in spring the numbers will grow
exponentially.

Mr Valls said European societies could be "totally destabilised" unless the EU
imposed tighter controls at external borders.

"It's Europe that could die, not the Schengen area," declared the French
premier.

"If Europe can't protect its              own borders, it's the very idea of
Europe that could be thrown into doubt.

"It could disappear, of course; the European project, not Europe itself, not our
values, but the concept we have of Europe, that the founding fathers had of
Europe.

"Yes, that is in very grave danger. That's why you need border guards, border
controls on the external borders of the European Union."

He left little doubt that he believes the announcement last year by Angela
Merkel that Germany would welcome all refugees had encouraged more people to
make the perilous journey to Europe.

"We need to help Germany," stressed Mr Valls. "But the main message we must send
now with the greatest of firmness is to say that we will not take in all the
refugees in Europe. A message that says 'come, you will be welcome' provokes
major shifts of population. If you say anything in Europe today, a few seconds
later it is on the smartphones of people in refugee camps near Libya."

In Berlin, the German Chancellor following talks with the Turkish premier Ahmet
Davutoglu, said a pan-European solution was needed, stressing: "National
solutions won't work; we need a European approach."

Responding to Mr Valls's comments during a visit to Czech capital Prague, David
Cameron emphasised how Britain was not part of the open-borders Schengen system.
"Let's be clear Britain has its own border controls and we are going to maintain
those border controls whatever anyone else in Europe decides to do."

He pointed out how since becoming PM, 96,000 people had been prevented from
entering Britain, including well over 6000 EU citizens.

Mr Cameron said his message to his European partners was that they had to have a
strong external border if they were not going to have internal borders.

Meantime, Tony Blair warned the EU would face "a huge political problem" if
terrorists were shown to be entering Europe among the flow of refugees.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                          November 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Maine officials eye milk-labeling law;
Influx of processed product spurs move

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 715 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Maine's Department of Agriculture is considering submitting legislation that
would clarify the labels on fresh milk in an effort to educate consumers about
which milk comes from local farms.

Agriculture Commissioner Seth Bradstreet said Tuesday that the proliferation of
ultra-high temperature processed milk on Maine grocery shelves has "prompted
some good questions."

The labeling issue is likely to promote a debate among milk processors,
consumers and family farmers.

Former state legislator Marge Kilkelly of the Northeast States Association for
Agricultural Stewardship explained that there is general confusion or outright
ignorance among consumers when they purchase milk that is labeled ultrahigh
temperature processed, or UHT.

"UHT milk is not fresh from local farms. It is milk that is superheated, has
been partially dehydrated, shipped across the country and stored for days,
rehydrated and sold as fresh milk," Kilkelly said.

The fear, she said, is that UHT products will overtake Maine's fresh milk
market, putting local farmers out of business.

Similar label legislation has already been proposed in Vermont, New Hampshire
and New York, Kilkelly said.

"I have talked to constituents who think that ultraprocessed milk is actually
better for them," Sen. Sara Kitell of Vermont said this week. "They think it is
still local milk but higher quality. They are shocked to think it may be from as
far away as the West Coast. Consumers who want to support their local farms need
the additional information to help them make their buying decisions."

Kilkelly said that after a meeting Tuesday with Bradstreet she stopped at a mom
and pop store for lunch. "I bought milk that had an expiration date of
mid-January," she said.

The extended shelf life and the ability to transport UHT milk thousands of miles
is why processors use the method. UHT milk, which has the same vitamins and
minerals as conventional milk, can have a shelf life of 70 days and can be kept,
without refrigeration and unopened, for up to six months.

The average shelf life of pasteurized milk held under proper refrigeration is 12
to 16 days.

The proposed legislation would create a label that would state that non-UHT milk
is "fresh milk" or "fresh Northeast milk."

Rep. Jay Phinizy of New Hampshire said he hopes that all Northeast states will
develop the label. "We need to work together to not only support our dairy farms
but also assure that consumers know what they are buying," he said. Families
buying milk need to know if it is fresh milk from our local farms or highly
processed milk from away. They can buy either one with confidence, but they
ought to know the difference."

Parmalat is the leading milk producer in Canada, and its milk is UHT processed,
according to the company's Web site. UHT milk is the major milk product consumed
in Europe.

There are many UHT plants already operated by major U.S. milk processors,
including H.P. Hood of Boston.

Hood operates a UHT plant in Virginia and recently purchased a Sacramento,
Calif., plant that it is retrofitting for UHT milk. Hood, which provides milk
for Hannaford supermarkets, operates 25 plants in a dozen states, including
Maine, but this is its first move into California, according to the U.S. Dairy
Export Council.

"We know that what will happen - the milk processed in California will be
purchased more cheaply from West Coast subsidized farms and sold here in the
East," Kilkelly said. "Customers will grab it off the shelves, never knowing the
difference, or the impact on our local farmers."


Sharon Mack may be reached at bdnpittsfield@verizon.net or 487-3187.


What is UHT Milk?

Ultrahigh temperature, or UHT, milk is regular fluid milk that is packed in an
airtight, sterilized, cardboard (tetra brik) container. The product is made by
flash sterilization - processing at 290 degrees Fahrenheit, which is twice the
temperature of normal pasteurization. This kills any bacteria or microorganisms.
The milk is then packed into sterilized containers, making the liquid shelf
stable for six months. After that time, there may be flavor and color changes
and thickening of the product. It is still safe but may not produce the desired
effect in food preparation. Once opened, the milk must be refrigerated.


Source: North Carolina State Cooperative Extension.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              299 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Countryman (Western Australia)

                                 April 1, 2004
                                    GENERAL

New fertiliser plant opened

SECTION: CMAN; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 82  words


AGRICULTURE Minister Kim Chance opened CSBP's new $3 million fertiliser blending
plant and sulphuric acid dilution system last Thursday, coinciding with the
plant's 50th anniversary commemoration.

These events followed hot on the heels of the parliamentary sitting in Albany's
town hall, bringing about a huge influx of visitors to the southern city.

The CSBP opening took place before lunch was enjoyed by more than 120 farmers
and other major players in WA's agricultural industry.

Report, page 16

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: During a tour of the plant and in front of tonnes of AgNP at CSBP's
Albany plant are member for Warren-Blackwood Paul Omodei, CSBP Albany team
leader Steve Whittingstall, Agriculture Minister Kim Chance, member for Cockburn
Frank Logan and CSBP managing director John Gillam.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                  May 21, 2015

Maize-Meal Imports Rile Food and Allied Workers

LENGTH: 566 words


Food and Allied Industry workers have threatened to demonstrate against
maize-meal imports if Government fails to immediately put measures to curb them.

The workers say the influx of imported maize- meal is threatening their jobs and
want the Government to act immediately.

They have already sought audience with the Minister of Agriculture,
Mechanisation and Irrigation Development Dr Joseph Made to share their
"agonies". The sector has about 7 000 formally employed people.

"There's anxiety in the industry as workers are not sure whether their jobs are
safe. If he (the minister) chooses to ignore our request (for audience) we will
have no other option than to demonstrate our displeasure," said United Food and
Allied Workers Union of Zimbabwe general secretary Mr Adonia Mutero in an
interview with The Herald Business.

In a letter to Dr Made dated May 18 2015, the United Food and Allied Workers
Union of Zimbabwe said if the position relating to the issuance of import
permits for maize-meal is true, then the negative effects can be easily felt
even before full implementation of the imports.

"We write to request for an audience with you honourable pertaining to a variety
of issues arising in the Milling Industry (Sector). In particular we wish to
discuss the issue of import permits in respect of maize-meal imports ostensibly
to avert possible hunger," said Mr Mutero.

"If the position of issuing of imports permits to maize-meal importers, as we
read through various newspapers is true then the obvious negative effects can be
easily felt before full implementation.

"It is our fervent hope and aspiration that you will find it within your
benevolent grace to afford us an opportunity to discuss these (pending) matters
in detail and share with you the agonies of the workers in the food and allied
industry (milling industry) as well as highlight to you the breeding discontent
in the industry," Mr Mutero said.

The workers' stance comes at a time when millers have launched a campaign
against cheap mealie-meal imports.

The campaign titled: Millers Against Imported Maize-Meal; Industry Unites
Against Cheap Imports and Policies Undermining Zim-Asset, Industrial Growth and
Development observes that while the policy of imported maize-meal may be
specific to the milling industry, the characteristics of this policy are similar
to many other policies affecting and suppressing industrial growth and
development not only in the milling industry, but across all sectors of
Zimbabwean industry.

"If indeed it is true that the Government has issued import permits to
individuals then we want to know the logic behind such a move.

"We understand that we are in deficit in terms of the expected harvest but if
that is what informed the minister to start importing mealie- meal, such a
policy needs to be revised because it is against Zim-Asset in relation to the
creation of jobs," he said.

At a Press briefing on Tuesday millers said that the Government should consider
reviewing the policy-making framework in the country to ensure that wide spread
consultations are made by administrative authorities, participation of relevant
stakeholders, policy sustainability and consistency, eradicate corruption,
minimised autonomy of individuals and increased transparency thereby combating
the scourge of corruption in the Government and industry is done in the best
interests of the populace and country.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       Sunday Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             March 18, 2001, Sunday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 1462 words


Hog industry needs cleanup

EDITOR: This concerns Robert Eplee's Feb. 12 column "Learn to live with hog
farms": I agree with him that agricultural production in general has had
phenomenal success, and as a result only 2 percent of our population can provide
the food and fiber needs of our nation.

This is largely due to the ability of our nationwide agricultural research
agencies to develop the necessary technology. But I contend that a hog mega-farm
or hog industry is not a prime example of modern agricultural technology.

The hog industry does not use modern technology to manage the odor and waste
from the feces and urine of thousands of hogs. The lagoon system is not
satisfactory. The waste products are threats to our environment.

The potential influx of excessive nutrients into the water supply, streams and
lakes here in environmentally sensitive southeastern North Carolina makes the
lagoon system unsatisfactory. Gov. Mike Easley has proposed phasing out hog
mega-farm lagoons in five years. Perhaps this deadline, if imposed, will force
the development and implementation of the needed technology ... It may be
expensive, but in any industry production costs are factored into the final
product costs.

Only with successful development and implementation of the technology needed to
manage the waste products of the hog industry will we then be able to "learn to
live with hog farms."

GRANT H. EGLEY

Lake Waccamaw

(EDITOR'S NOTE: The writer is a retired research plant physiologist for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.)

Let it fly

EDITOR: My mother was the first to tell me that if you deny history you are
doomed to repeat it. She also said that denying it didn't make it not so. We
were in France and it was 1954. Many Germans were denying there was a Holocaust.

... We are embroiled in a debate about letting our museum display the first flag
of the Confederacy in an accurate historical account of our state's history.

... Your editorial stated that "We have better things to do than indulge in
emotional arguments. ..." You advise our county commissioners to reject it
immediately. You also wrote that it "... inevitably would be seen as a
provocation by many people."

The worst idea in history is to deny history. To present history is to present
factual events, not fiction. Even omissions can be damaging to a historical
account.

... To those people who recognize the flag and become emotional, we should
welcome the debate.

If that museum display causes emotional distress in anyone alive today, then we
certainly do need discussion to help them sort out their feelings.

Are black and white Southerners fully reconciled? No. Will they ever be? Yes, in
time. Have we progressed towards that reconciliation since 1865, or 1945, or
1965 or even since yesterday? The answer is a resounding yes.

I hope that our county commissioners realize that we have reached that time for
this display. Let any discussions ensue and the reconciliation continue.

ANTHONY GENTILE JR.

Wilmington

Part of history

EDITOR: ... It seems that (Cape Fear Museum board member) John Haley thinks that
one part of our state's history should be hidden away and forgotten simply
because it might bring up bad memories.

The time that our state was represented by the Confederate flag is still a part
of our history.  ...

As a mother, I try to teach my son every aspect of our country's history,
including the bad parts. How else will his generation learn not to repeat
history's mistakes? If all public references and symbols that may represent an
offensive part of history are taken away from our children, how will they know
to ask questions, thus learn?

I have discussed this issue many times with my friends, a majority of whom are
African-Americans, and they don't seem to take offense at the Confederate flag.
They take offense at the idiots who fly it as a symbol of hatred, instead of
heritage.

My own family is offended by some of the ideals that our ancestors held,
especially slavery, but we proudly fly the national flag of the Confederacy
right beside our United States flag.  ...

MARTHA E. FARMER

Winnabow

Go to source

EDITOR: People have voiced concern about temporary portable classrooms, a lack
of adequate classrooms, leaky roofs, restrooms, etc., while at the same time
millions are spent for recreational facilities. If people are really concerned
about the priorities that are being observed, they should go to the authority
that can do something about it.

The county commissioners are authorized by law to specify in the budget
resolution how appropriated funds may be used. ...

If people are dissatisfied with the priorities, they can contact the board that
can do something about it. ...

BERRY A. WILLIAMS

Wilmington

Hasty rules

EDITOR: Concerning your recent editorial "Workers safety takes a big hit,"
bemoaning the fact that former President Bill Clinton's unworkable ergonomic
regulations are being tossed out: Perhaps your editorial staff should read the
600 pages of hastily finalized repetitive stress injuries regulations, realize
the impact of its cost to employers of $ 60 billion and $ 100 billion a year,
and understand that the only profession that would truly benefit from these
rules would be the trial lawyers, who love the jackpot of ergonomic litigation.

In this slowing economy with dwindling ad revenues even reducing earnings of
your parent company, The New York Times Co., your editorial seems as hasty as
the regulations themselves.

DORO HUNGERFORD BAGGETT

Wrightsville Beach

Avoid that error

EDITOR: Here's a (repeat?) lesson about politics and what, unfortunately, it
takes to be a politician.

What happens when a president first cuts taxes and then addresses the budget as
a secondary consideration? David Stockman's book, The Triumph of Politics,
answers this question:

"The bitter truth was that Ronald Reagan faced an excruciating test of
presidential decision making. After an exhausting and prolonged political
struggle, he had emerged in July triumphant, having enacted a generous tax cut
for all Americans. Only three months later, he had to admit that the triumph had
been an illusion, when we couldn't win support for the spending cuts needed to
balance the equation.

"Reagan had one real option: to retreat and give back part of the huge tax cut
we couldn't afford. But he wouldn't.  ... His obstinacy was destined to keep
America's economy hostage to the errors of his advisers for a long, long time."

In view of this lesson, it seems that a president intent on doing what is right
for the country would set the budget and then consider tax cuts.

That's what George H. did when he realized he could not begin to balance the
budget without a tax increase, despite his promises to the contrary. He came
clean, but his character cost him re-election. ...

Let's hope that George W. inherited more of his father's character than his
recent legislative initiative would indicate.

DAN MORTON

Wilmington

Crosswalk?

EDITOR: On Feb. 14, there was an article on Corning expanding and also seeking
permission to build (with no public funds to be used) a crosswalk over College
Road so "employees can walk or ride golf cart-sized vehicles across."

If I am not mistaken, I believe that there was some discussion a few years ago
about trying to get a crosswalk across College Road for students at UNCW, but it
was not deemed advisable.

I would venture to say that a crosswalk for the students at the college, and
pedestrians, would gather a lot more traffic than the one at Corning. I'm not
saying don't let Corning build one, but some consideration should also be given
to the college.

LEOS L. De ANGURY

Wilmington

Who works hard?

EDITOR: There was a blurb in the newspaper on March 10 about a potential
mechanics' strike at Northwest Airlines that was blocked by the president. The
president defended his action by stating that he was protecting "the hardworking
people of America" from travel disruptions.

It is interesting to me that the president considers those who can afford to fly
around the country as "the hardworking people of America" and not a group of
blue-collar mechanics who are fighting for better working conditions and better
pay.

I am not criticizing the president's actions, as I do not know the specifics of
the situation. I am criticizing his explanation of his actions.

BRIAN J. MOORE

Wilmington

Bad idea

EDITOR ... Ted Davis and the County Commissioners are right not to support the
convention center because it will surely lose money, as all convention centers
do.

Why not let the voters in the city of Wilmington decide at the polls?

DANA E. PAGE

Wilmington

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              302 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

VERDANT, FERTILE LANDS

BYLINE: RHONDA DIFFEY AND SAMUEL FURPHY

SECTION: PIONEERSER; Pg. N02

LENGTH: 981  words


B

efore Europeans arrived in Australia, the land bordered by the Murray and
Goulburn rivers was a bountiful country with an abundance of wildlife and
seasonal plants.

Aboriginal clans traversed this landscape in a lifestyle that understood the
seasonal flow of resources. In summer, it was customary for some clans to visit

the high country to feast on the prized Bogong moth.

The impact of European settlement on the aborigines from the 1840s saw a rapid
decline in their population as the effects of diseases, loss of hunting lands
and confrontation took its toll. After 1841, as white settlement expanded, many
aborigines were moved to either Moira or Cummeragunga Mission. By about 1940,
dissatisfaction with the management and conditions at the Cummeragunga Mission
Station in southern NSW led to large numbers of aborigines moving back to an
area between Shepparton and Mooroopna. This led to the creation of the Rumbalara
housing project.


FIRST EUROPEAN SETTLERS

In 1824, explorers Hamilton Hume and Captain William Hovell crossed a river
which they named Hume after Hume's father (later renamed the Murray River by
Charles Sturt) and entered what they described as a vast range of country with
numerous fine streams and fertile soil.

When Major Thomas Mitchell travelled south in 1836, the tracks of his dray
marked out the future road to Melbourne. The Ovens Crossing Place on the
"Major's Line" later became Wangaratta.

The promise of verdant, fertile lands soon brought an influx of squatters or
their agents into the northeast and Goulburn Valley. The original "overlanders"
- John Gardiner and Joseph Hawdon - travelled between Sydney and Port Phillip
with 400 cattle in 1836, passing through the northeast. Their success soon
encouraged a flow of pastoral and agricultural pioneers south across the Murray.

The 1846 Act allowed squatters the right to buy land for the first time. This
gave the squatters a permanency and publicly showed

the extent of squatting.


GOLD

In 1852, the discovery of gold at Spring Creek led to a massive influx of 8000
diggers and the Beechworth gold rush began. This gave a ready market for the
squatters' agricultural products. Gold fever spread and, by 1856, the total
population of the Ovens District was 18,000 Europeans and 2000 Chinese.

The mining influx brought significant social and economic upheaval. In 1853,
3000 gold seekers protested against hefty mining licences and called for the
government to "Unlock the Lands!"

This led to the Land Act of 1869 (the 'Poor Man's Land Act') which ended the
squatters' control and introduced the next stage of land tenure in Victoria.
This led to the transformation of the landscape as settlers, many of them
disillusioned gold prospectors, each pegged their claim on 320 acres. The
settler was committed to fence the land and to cultivate one acre in 10.


FARMING

The fertile soil and good water enabled a diversity of agricultural products -
beef cattle, dairying, sheep and wool, fruit, vineyards, honey, cheese, tobacco,
hops, pigs, straw for brooms and flax. The opening of butter factories and
creameries in the Ovens and Kiewa valleys, notably in Myrtleford in 1903 and
Tawonga, stimulated the dairy industry.

Chinese immigrants in the Buckland Valley pioneered tobacco growing in the
1850s. In 1871, tobacco and hops start growing at Eurobin and in 1897 a tobacco
factory at Whorouly opened.

Rutherglen and Wahgunyah became famous for their wine. Scotsman G. Sutherland
Smith planted 150 acres at "All Saints" vineyard in 1869 and the winery won the
first international gold medal for Australian wine in 1873.

The history of the pastoral industry in the northeast is epitomised by the high
country cattlemen. Grazing in the foothills of the Victorian Alps began as early
as the 1850s and moved up into the high plains in the 1870s. By the early 20th
century, summer grazing was established.


TRANSPORT

The first steamer to pass Cobram was the Lady Augusta in 1854 under the command
of Captain Caddell.

The next year the Albury went as far as Albury and unloaded stores there for the
Ovens diggings.

Cobb & Co coach services were the next to arrive in 1866, but the roads were
notoriously bad and the journey from Beechworth to Melbourne took up to 27
hours.

The railway arrived at Shepparton in 1880 from Mangalore, causing the decline in
commercial river traffic that completely stopped by 1888.

IRRIGATION

The impact of prolonged drought between 1877 and 1884 was the major drive behind
the water trusts, which brought irrigation to the Goulburn Valley.

Between 1887 and 1891, the Goulburn Weir and the Waranga Basin were built. These
water storages and the network of channels that carried the water to farms
throughout the area laid the foundation for the diversity and richness of
agriculture seen in the Goulburn Valley today.

A series of closer settlement acts, in conjunction with closer settlement and
soldier settlement schemes from the early 1900s up to the years just after World
War II, were established.

Under these schemes, Australians and migrants were settled with a preference
given to returned soldiers. These new settlers rapidly expanded fruit growing
and dairying industries and changed the landscape as the dry pastures were
replaced with green pastures and rows of trees.

Canneries were built and run as co-operatives with the growers as shareholders.
Most notable were the Shepparton Preserving Company and Ardmona Fruit Products
which pioneered the development of containerised primary production.

The soldier settlement schemes had mixed success with the World War I soldier
settlers struggling to survive because of a lack of experience and the fact that
the blocks were too small to be viable.

After World War II, the scheme was revised, offering larger blocks that gave a
greater chance of success.


Rhonda Diffey and Samuel Furphy are researchers with the Royal Historical
Society of Victoria

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 9, 1997, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Tiny pests plague the honey-makers;
Amateur keepers daunted by influx of bee-killing mites

BYLINE: Doug Nurse; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 01J

LENGTH: 446 words


The stacks of empty, dusty beehives are mute evidence that Joe Mauldin is part
of a dying breed.

The 81-year-old Loganville man is a rural amateur beekeeper. Or at least he used
to be. Four years ago, he had 28 beehives; now he's got four. Next year he may
not have any.

"Mites killed them," he said. "That's the lowest it's been. It started off as a
hobby. It's not much of a hobby now. I've got a bunch of hives stacked up in my
barn. I guess I'll probably end up burning them. Since the mites came along, I
don't mess with them much."

Since appearing five years ago, two types of mites have been wiping out country
farm beekeepers, once the backbone of Georgia's apiary industry, which in turn
is key to the agriculture industry. Honeybees are the primary agents of the
pollination that all fruits and vegetables require.

Tom Kowalski, director of plant protection for the state agriculture department,
said amateur beekeepers are sometimes reluctant to try new techniques.

"Both mites can be controlled through medication," Kowalski said. "It's hard for
the old-timers to understand that they need to medicate or the bees will die.
It's different than it used to be. They've been keeping bees for 30 years and
they never had a need to medicate."

Others that adapt often do so grudgingly and with mixed results, Kowalski said.
For example, to get rid of the tracheal mite, which migrates to the bees' air
passages, the state recommends using pellets of mentholated medicine in
wintertime.

"Some of the backwoods beekeepers say they'll just throw some cough drops in
there," Kowalski said. "That just kills off the weaker mites and makes the
others immune, so they've created a worse problem."

People in the industry mark time in pre-mite and post-mite eras, said Keith
Delaplane, a University of Georgia bee expert.

"There's definitely been a generation shift," Delaplane said. "A lot of the
older beekeepers just aren't keeping bees anymore."

Kowalski said he has no numbers on how many beekeepers there were or how many
there are now. His conclusions are based on tales and anecdotes that he hears
from the field.

"I think we're still bottoming out," Kowalski said. "We don't have any reliable
indicators. You're supposed to register hives, but that's not enforced except
for the commercial beekeepers. But we do know there's been a decline."

Mauldin said he just got some medication through the mail from a catalog that
he's going to try.

"I tell my wife I'm not messing with them anymore," Mauldin said. "I don't know
why I do it. I'm going to try these strips. I still might stick with it if I can
get something to control the mites."

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Amateur beekeeper Joe Mauldin of Loganville models the outfit he

 dons in June to gather his bees' sweet product. / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff
 Color: Closeup of Joe Mauldin wearing his beekeeping headgear. / LOUIE
 FAVORITE / Staff
 Color: One of Mauldin's remaining beehives / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              304 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                          November 28, 2012 Wednesday

IF you've noticed an influx of internationals in the central we

BYLINE: LUKE SCHUYLER

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 324 words


IF you've noticed an influx of internationals in the central west, it may have
something to do with a bumper cherry season.

Currently Pasifika Resources, based in Leeton, is seeking more pickers to work
in the region to match high demand because of a very successful growing season.

Pasifika Resources manager Anna Berry estimated up to 500 people at one time
will work picking fruit around Nashdale, Orange, Cudal and Canowindra.

And in what she described as a boost for the economy, that number is set to
expand over the next few weeks.

"We're based in Leeton and once a year we come to the central west and pick up
to 800 tonnes of cherries alone in this area," she said.

"It's a massive project and we get huge numbers come to the area every year. It
can only be a good thing for the local economy."

Mrs Berry, fittingly from Vanuatu, believes up to 20 different countries have
pickers right here in our backyard.

"Backpackers from all over the world come and work in the central west," she
said.

"At the moment I have pickers from France, Italy, England, Russia, Thailand,
Philippines, Fiji, New Zealand and Ethiopia just to name a few."

"We also get a lot of locals picking fruit every year."

It's the same situation across at Rossi Orchards. They've had a perfect
preparation for the season and are gearing up to pick cherries on December 10.

"We'll start around then but our peak time is around December 18 and we'll be
busy for about five weeks," business owner Terry Rossi said.

"The season has been really good, lots of rain and warm weather, it's been
perfect.

"I've already been inundated with phone calls from pickers seeking work.

"We'll get a lot of internationals, but also a lot of locals too. I estimate
we'll use around 200 pickers."

Mrs Berry said Pasifika Resources was still on the lookout for new pickers as it
enters the most hectic time of the year.

For information on fruit picking in the Nashdale area, contact Anna on 0448 378
849.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             March 2, 2010 Tuesday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Gatton's the right moove for vet students

BYLINE: Margaret Wenham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 186  words


THE agriculture hub of Gatton, west of Brisbane, has been inundated with
aspiring veterinary surgeons.

The 600-plus student deluge, most of them women, is the result of relocating
University of Queensland's school of veterinary science from the university's
main St Lucia site to its Gatton campus.

Prof Jon Hill, the school's head, said yesterday the move - six years in the
planning and costing more than $100 million - had considerably swelled the
student body at UQ Gatton, where agribusiness, agriculture, animal studies,
environmental management and horticulture programs are also offered.

Prof Hill said 80 per cent of the influx of students were women.

He said the trend away from veterinary science being a male-dominated area began
in the 1980s and had been fairly static at an 80-20 split for some years.

Prof Hill acknowledged the move to the 1068ha campus 80km west of Brisbane might
have posed difficulties for some students.

Second year student Sarah Kaye, 23, said she'd been well prepared for the move.

The school's facilities, she said, were ``absolutely amazing'' and on completion
would be ``world class''.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                 April 30, 2004

Pros And Cons Of Joining The Club

BYLINE: Yojana Sharma

SECTION: HISTORY; No.4581; Pg.7

LENGTH: 729 words


Yojana Sharma charts the reasons why nations have chosen to join the
ever-expanding EU

The EU's expansion from 15 to 25 states tomorrow, May 1, is the fifth and most
ambitious enlargement since the European Community was founded in 1957 with six
members. Each enlargement has had costs and benefits for new members, but the
increasing political clout of the EU is indisputable.

The UK, Ireland and Denmark joined in 1973, when the European Economic
Community, as the group was called, was mainly a common market for agricultural
and industrial goods. The UK secured a bigger market for its export-led
manufacturing (and financial services) at the expense of a high price for
agricultural produce and the loss of its preferential trade with the
Commonwealth.

Until the mid-1980s, Britain thought it had got a poor deal, paying too much for
mounting butter mountains and milk lakes. As a wealthy country it has always
been a net contributor. However, European membership helped it find a new world
role after the decline of its empire, and greater bargaining clout in
international trade negotiations helped open up other markets around the world.

Ireland and Denmark depended on the UK for much of their trade and could not
afford to stay out once Britain joined. Denmark and the UK have always been
ambivalent about Europe; less so Ireland, which is one of the biggest
beneficiaries of the EU's regional and social funds, as well as agricultural
subsidies. "For Ireland, the main benefit was it was able to break out of the
neo-colonial economic relationship with Britain," says Professor Jim Rollo,
director of the European Institute at Sussex University.

Greece joined in 1981, after relatively easy negotiations. France, in
particular, saw Europe's roots in Greek civilisation. Other countries believed
membership would anchor Greek democracy, which had been re-established in 1974
after seven years of military dictatorship.

When Spain and Portugal joined in 1986, the negotiations were arduous because
Spain was seen as a dangerous agricultural competitor for Italy and France,
while Germany and Britain feared an influx of migrants - wrongly it turned out.
They came in eager to leave their years of dictatorship behind and renegotiated
poor accession terms - to gain subsidies for farmers producing citrus fruit and
Spanish onions, for instance. French and Italian fears over agricultural
competition proved exaggerated, but membership has hugely increased rural
incomes and given Spain renewed confidence on the world stage. It has also
prompted the overhaul of the EU's expensive agricultural policy.

Austria, Finland and Sweden began relatively trouble-free negotiations in the
late 1980s, fearing the 1992 completion of a single European market would lead
to a Fortress Europe that excluded their goods. Finland and Sweden were already
paying high domestic agricultural subsidies, so farming costs barely increased
when the three joined in 1995. Their main consideration was to be involved in EU
decisions and their membership tipped the balance away from the Southern
agricultural economies towards the industrial north. They are net contributors
to the EU.

The accession of 10 countries: Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary,
Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia tomorrow will increase
the EU area by 34 per cent and add 75 million new consumers.

But the influx has required the overhaul of EU treaties to include a
constitution.

Since the late 1990s, the EU has evolved into a huge, complex organisation with
its own monetary union, foreign policy, security policy and justice policies:
the newcomers must comply with 80,000 pages of existing EU laws.

The fear of an influx of migrants to existing members may prove as fanciful as
fears of Spanish migration in 1986: there were fewer than 3,000 applications a
year by the early 1990s.

The new states, though net beneficiaries, will get a tiny fraction of what
Greece, Spain and Portugal received in the past. The cost of reunification has
been calculated by one Euro-MP to be around Pounds 67 billion for the existing
15 member states, roughly one-tenth of what Germany spent on its reunification.

For more information on what the European Union does, see: http:/ /europa.eu.int
Yojana Sharma is a former Brussels correspondent


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2004 TSL Education Limited


                              307 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              March 2, 2014 Sunday

Locusts, armyworms invade Somaliland

LENGTH: 200 words


Text of report in English by privately-owned news website Somaliland Sun on 2
March

The ministry of Agriculture has warned of impeding dangers as pertains to the
large influx of locusts cum army worms in parts of Somaliland like Salal, Awdal,
Sahil and Sanaag regions.

"Though the locusts have been observed shifting towards Ethiopia they have
created havoc in a number of areas like Giriyaad plains, Lugahaya, Abdigeedi,
Eeldarad and Goobaare plains" read a ministry of Agriculture statement Ref:
WB/XW/admin/ F- /2014 released by the minister Prof Farah Ilmi Mahmud on 01, 03,
2014

The Agriculture minister who revealed that the use of chemicals like"MALATHION"
is not possible at the moment because the affected areas are inundated by large
herds of livestock seeking grazing and water urged citizens to be patient while
more appropriate and non-poisonous chemicals are procured.

"Meanwhile we shall utilize mechanicals means of eliminating the army worms"
said Prof Mahmud

On the other hand the ministry of agriculture has summoned an urgent meeting
with other international stakeholders like FAO and DLCO for further
consultations on the way forward.

Source: Somaliland Sun website in English  2 Mar 14

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday

Country Braces for Influx of Burundians Fleeing Famine

BYLINE: Edmund Kagire

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Kigali


Rwanda will be on the alert to deal with a possible influx of refugees from
Burundi reported to be fleeing from a famine that has hit the Northern part of
the country.

Reports indicate that at least two people have died of starvation and more than
15,000 have fled their homes in Northeast Burundi because of a severe drought.

In an interview with AFP, the Governor of Kirundo Province, Juvenal Muvunyi,
confirmed fears that more people could flee the province that borders the
Southern part of Rwanda in the wake of the life threatening famine.

"The inhabitants of Kirundo have been confronted by famine for the past two
months because of a severe drought," Muvunyi told the French press agency.

In an Interview with The New Times, Local Government Minister, James Musoni,
said that currently there are no 'abnormal movements' across the Rwandan borders
but the district of Gisagara and Gisagara continue to register movements.

"All we can say, up to today, there are normal cross-border movements. No sign
of an emergency yet or an established camp to harbour the refugees. Usually
these movements are people coming to look for work or visit relatives."

The Governor of the Southern Province, Fidele Ndayisaba, said that they were
aware of the developments on the Burundian side and Rwanda would be on the
alert.

"We heard about this problem on the Burundian side. We almost had the same
problem on the Rwandan side as it was equally facing a drought, but we moved
fast to calm the situation by assuring people that there was no need to panic,"
he said.

He however added that the problem has persisted on the Burundian side of the
border according to the information from the Governor of Kirundo Province.

"We heard about the Kirundo Governor calling for intervention and help to avert
the situation but todate there are no special movements so far," he said.

According to Ndayisaba, areas neighbouring Burundi, especially, the districts of
Nyanza and Gisagara, have been experiencing dry spells but quick government
interventions in the area have restored food security, hence restricting
movements of people.

Ndayisaba said that the Province is currently moving to avert a looming famine
crisis following floods that washed away about 200 hectares of marshland rice in
Gisagara district, prompting major losses to the farmers and a possible famine.

Kirundo, which lies some 230 kilometres (143 miles) north east of the capital
Bujumbura, used to be known as the bread basket of Burundi, but for the past 10
years, it has been subject to cyclical food shortages caused by droughts.

About 800 families with about 4,000 people from Busoni are reported to have fled
their homes and about 100,000 are reported to be affected by severe hunger.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           December 11, 2007, Tuesday
                                 WMail Edition

Migrants a boost to Wales, not a worry, claims academic

BYLINE: Tomos Livingstone Western Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 665 words


The public must stop "living in a world of anxiety" over immigration and accept
that the presence of thousands of eastern European migrants in the UK is a boost
to the economy, a leading Welsh academic will warn today.

Dr Heaven Crawley, pictured below, director of the centre for migration policy
research at Swansea University, will tell a committee of the House of Lords
that, contrary to popular myth, migration from Eastern Europe has plugged gaps
in the labour market and in some cases is driving economic growth.

She will also reveal how there are many misconceptions about the type of work
typically undertaken by eastern European migrants.

The influx from Poland and elsewhere of mainly young workers has helped slow the
decades-long demographic trend in Wales of 20-somethings and 30-somethings
leaving to find work, Dr Crawley told the Western Mail.

Since eight eastern European states joined the EU in 2004, more than 16,000
eastern Europeans have registered to work in Wales, two-thirds of whom are from
Poland.

The true number of immigrants is thought to be much higher, as the official
figures exclude the self- employed and those yet to register.

Carmarthenshire has the highest number of Polish immigrants in Wales, with
Llanelli a particular hot-spot. Newport, Cardiff and North-East Wales have also
seen a significant influx.

"One thing that is particularly evident in the Welsh context is that before 2004
Wales had not been depopulating, but the population had been changing, with
young people leaving to find work.

"East European migration has changed that trend," Dr Crawley said.

"There are lots of myths and misunderstanding. Most accession migrants are
actually employed in admin, rather than agriculture.

"A greater proportion in Wales go into the public sector, compared with people's
perceptions.

"There are areas of economic growth in Wales that have not been met by the
indigenous population, partly because of demography. This is not just true of
Wales ... I think there is just a misconception about the parts of the labour
market they go into, the perception is they go into low skilled jobs."

Some "clusters" of Polish migration to areas like Llanelli have skewed people's
perceptions of the overall impact, she said, and have led to pressures on local
housing markets.

But the widely-held view that Poles are driving down wages is an unfair charge,
she suggests.

"These sorts of things require employers to be held to account. Employers have
undermined the wage levels, not migrants per se."

But successive Governments have made the error of creating a climate where
asylum and immigration were seen as negative, leaving the UK unprepared for the
realities of freedom of movement that came with EU expansion in 2004.

"The gap in public perception is really critical, in terms of attitudes there is
a gap," she said.

"Whilst we don't want to dismiss people's concern on the one hand, because there
are real things happening on the ground, on the other hand, constantly living in
this world of anxiety is not helpful in terms of addressing the problems.

"I think the reality is that the whole of Wales has been caught on the hop, the
whole of the UK has been caught on the hop."

Survey data suggests most eastern European migrants intend to return home within
five years.

"There is a real danger here, we spend so much time bemoaning the fact that
migrants are here; suddenly we're left with a gap in the labour market.

"We're in danger of shooting each other in the foot," she added.

"If there is economic growth as a result of migration, it might lead to young
people not moving, and it might lead to up-skilling as part of that overall
dynamic of economic growth.

"In Wales as a whole we've got a substantial ageing population, so the demand
for labour is going to continue, and it will probably be filled by migrants from
other places. "It's really important that we get the public debate right, this
is a reality that's here to stay. "Closing the border really isn't an option"

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 15, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

House Votes to Increase the Influx of Temporary Farm Workers

BYLINE: By Margaret Shapiro, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A8

LENGTH: 892 words


The House, working for a fourth day on a mammoth revamping of the nation's
immigration laws, voted last night for a dramatic increase in the number of
temporary foreign farm workers allowed in the country.

The 228-to-172 vote, on an amendment by Rep. Leon E. Panetta (D-Calif.), was a
strong blow to organized labor and Hispanic groups, which had vigorously opposed
expansion of the guest worker program. Growers and other agricultural interests
favor the amendment, which makes it much easier for growers to bring in such
workers.

Ninety Democrats and 138 Republicans voted for the amendment, while 157
Democrats and 15 Republicans were opposed.

Rep. Romano L. Mazzoli (D-Ky.), chief sponsor of the House immigration bill,
said he thinks the amendment will be killed in a House-Senate conference
committee that must meet to resolve differences between the chambers' bills.

Earlier, the House handed labor and the Hispanic groups another defeat by voting
down an amendment that would have increased labor protection for the temporary
foreign farm workers.

The House also agreed to postpone consideration of the bill's most controversial
section, which would grant amnesty to immigrants who arrived in the United
States illegally before Jan. 1, 1982. The provision has been the focus of
nonstop lobbying, and debate on it is expected to be protracted and bitter.

An AFL-CIO lobbyist called the Panetta amendment "outrageous," and Hispanic
lawmakers, who have few victories during debate on the bill, were equally
pessimistic.

"I think we're going to lose everything," said Rep. Robert Garcia (D-N.Y.), head
of the congressional Hispanic caucus.

The immigration bill, passed by the Senate last year, is designed to curtail
illegal immigration through a system of employer sanctions. It would also bring
millions of illegal aliens into the American mainstream by granting them
permanent-resident status.

The bill's guest-worker section is designed to give growers a new source of
inexpensive labor if, as growers say they expect, thousands of illegal aliens
employed on farms move to other areas and jobs after being granted amnesty.

The AFL-CIO, liberal Democrats and members of the Hispanic caucus had joined to
oppose the guest-worker program. Organized labor is especially concerned that
the revamped guest-worker proposal would be used to take away jobs of American
workers.

Under the current guest-worker program, about 15,000-20,000 foreign workers
enter the country annually, and opponents of Panetta's amendment charged that
his proposal would increase the number to 500,000 each year.

The Panetta amendment allows growers of perishable crops to apply directly to
the U.S. attorney general for guest workers and says that petititon must be
acted on within 72 hours. The bill provides that such action be taken after 50
days. Under the Panetta amendment, the 50-day period would still apply to
growers of non-perishable crops.

The amendment sets no cap on the number of temporary workers permitted into the
country. It also requires growers to recruit domestic workers actively before
hiring temporary foreign ones.

Opponents of the guest-worker program argued during debate on both amendments
that an increase in the program would defeat the purpose of the immigration bill
by giving growers a loophole for hiring labor that would be inexpensive and
easily exploited.

Rep. George Miller (D-Calif.) said expanding the guest-worker program without
providing new protection for the workers would "revive the harvest of shame."

Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) said the temporary foreign-worker program gives
vegetable and fruit growers "the right to get around the immigration laws and
bring foreign workers into the country not to be our neighbors, our friends, our
citizens but just our hired help."

Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez (D-Tex.) said the Panetta amendment "would offend even a
slave driver. It's a rent-a-slave."

Panetta, a liberal who represents a lush California district heavily populated
by growers said his amendment is designed only to provide workers for growers
who might have to harvest a crop quickly because of weather conditions and might
be unable to get such help domestically.

He said growers "should not be forced to choose between hiring legal aliens and
losing your crop. The choice ought to be hiring domestic workers or hiring
legalized foreign workers. There's no way you're going to be able to predict
when the crop can be picked."

Panetta said guest workers would be protected from the sort of exploitation now
felt by illegal aliens. He said his amendment allows them to unionize and
specifies that they are entitled to all protections afforded regular domestic
workers, such as fair wages, adequate housing and injury insurance.

Other amendment supporters said an expanded guest-worker program would not harm
U.S. workers because most Americans, even those currently employed, would not be
willing to do the back-breaking labor involved in harvesting fruits and
vegetables.

Labor leaders had supported an alternative amendment by Miller, a liberal with
whom Panetta is normally allied.

Miller's proposal would have kept the present guest-worker program unchanged and
would have beefed up protection for workers. His amendment, which agribusiness
had strongly opposed, was killed, 256 to 164.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 15, 2006 Tuesday

Regional education levels lag behind rest of nation

BYLINE: Christina Salerno, The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


Aug. 15--When it comes to college graduates, the valley is caught in a game of
catch-up.

In Stanislaus County, the percentage of adults with a bachelor's degree has
stayed virtually stagnant since 1990, according to the Census Bureau's 2005
American Community Survey. The number of adults with bachelor's degrees has only
increased from 13 percent in 1990 to 14.6 percent in 2005, falling further
behind the national average.

Meanwhile, education levels in California and the nation have been steadily
climbing. More than 27 percent of adults in the United States have at least a
bachelor's degree and 10 percent have a graduate or professional degree.

The gap is widening. Fifteen years ago, Stanislaus County lagged about 7 percent
behind the national average. That number has swelled to nearly 13 percent.

Business leaders and educators say the regional gap is the result of a number of
factors: a lack of a college-going culture in the valley, high school students
who leave the area for college and don't return and the agriculture-based
economy.

Also, while Stanislaus County has seen a boom in population -- adding more than
50,000 people from 2000 to 2005 -- a large portion of those new residents are
not college-educated.

Many of the region's high school students are ill-prepared to enter college
after graduation, said Amin A. Elmallah, dean of the College of Business at
California State Univer-sity, Stanislaus.

Some students can't meet basic college entrance requirements, he said, while
others have grown up in an atmosphere that doesn't emphasize the importance of a
college education.

That is particularly true for the children of recent immigrants. For many of
them, college isn't even on the radar.

"A lot of these people don't even have a third-grade education in their own
country," said Raul Garcia, site supervisor for El Concilio Council for the
Spanish Speaking in Modesto.

Of the high school students who go to college, many leave for a four-year
university and don't return after graduating -- a trend called "brain drain."

Modesto native Kerry Gallagher, 22, graduated from Beyer High School in 2001 and
left for Azusa Pacific University in Los Angeles County. She continued to live
and work in Los Angeles after graduating from college, and has no plans to
return to Modesto. Coming back would feel like a "step backwards," she said.

"Almost every single (one) of my friends went to a four-year university outside
of Modesto and didn't return," she said by phone. "For a lot of us, there are
just more opportunities in other places. ... The Bay Area and Los Angles have an
image, and it is an exciting new horizon to go to a city where the big
industries are."

The valley remains largely dependent on agriculture and has struggled to attract
higherpaying, higher-skilled positions. Some of the largest employers in the
region are food processors and manufacturers, which provide jobs that do not
require a four-year degree.

Businesses that do offer skilled positions are constantly pinched for employees,
said Gary McKinsey, chairman of the Modesto Chamber of Commerce and an
accountant with Grimbleby Coleman CPAs.

"It takes a long time to find an individual, and quite often we find them from
out of the area," he said.

To alleviate the shortage, the firm advertises nationally and relies on
employment agencies to help fill accounting positions.

In recent years, the valley has seen an influx of people moving from the Bay
Area for affordable housing.

Many of those workers may be commuting for "skilled bluecollar positions" that
do not require a four-year degree, said Sean Snaith, director of the business
forecasting center at the University of the Pacific in Stockton.

"The valley attracts a population influx that isn't going to have the
educational attainment of more urban areas because of the agricultural industry
and lower cost of housing," he said.

Bee staff writer Christina Salerno can be reached at 238-4574 or
csalerno@modbee.com.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060815-MO-0815-Regional-education-levels-lag-behind-rest-of-nation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2006 The Modesto Bee


                              312 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                August 11, 2016

Tambuwal Raises the Alarm Over Influx of Bandits, Cattle Rustlers

BYLINE: Ankeli Emmanuel

LENGTH: 309 words


Sokoto State governor, Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, has raised concern over influx of
bandits and cattle rustlers, who he said may have taken positions in the state
following their dislodgment from neighbouring Zamfara and Kebbi states by the
Nigerian Army.

Speaking in Sokoto, yesterday, when he hosted both the newly-posted Assistant
Inspector General of Police (AIG) in charge of Zone 10, and the state
Commissioner of Police, Yakubu Usman and Abdulkadir Muhammed respectively,
Tambuwal urged the security chiefs to double surveillance activities especially
in border local government areas.

He said: "As you are aware, the massive operation embarked upon by the Nigeria
Army in our neighbouring states was successful. Many of those bandits have been
killed in action or arrested but many escaped, and we suspect that their first
port of call would be neighbouring towns and villages to the conflict areas.

"We appeal to the police, and other sister-security agencies, to double
surveillance in such areas and ensure that lives and property of residents are
adequately protected. Sokoto is one of the most peaceful states, if not the most
peaceful in the country, so we encourage you to sustain that peace for the
benefit of the people."

The governor stated that the three states which make up Zone 10 have resolved to
fully support federal government's efforts to enhance security and tackle
corruption in the country.

"Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara states are fully behind President Muhammadu Buhari's
drive to rid our country of insecurity and corruption. We will work together to
ensure your success in this zone. We will expand our areas of cooperation to
ensure desired targets are met," he added.

Tambuwal urged the AIG to fully exploit the expertise of traditional
institutions in the areas of surveillance and movement of unknown persons in
local communities.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Bill's Survival Keeps Ag Extensions Open;
Plan Will Restore More Than $50M To Extention Offices, Research Facility Budget
Bills Becoming Law

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


ACRABLE@LNPNEWS.COM

Gov. Tom Wolf's decision not to veto a Republican-authored $6.6 billion spending
package means Penn State Extension offices and a research facility in Lancaster
County won't have to close, according to the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau.

The Farm Bureau said the budget package - after a 9-month gridlock - would
restore more than $50 million to Cooperative Extension offices across the state,
three research facilities, including one near Landisville, and positions at Penn
State.

"The influx of state money will save vital agriculture research and Extension
programs administered by Penn State," Rick Ebert, Farm Bureau president, said in
a press release Wednesday afternoon.

"With the planting season right around the corner and the possible risk of new
pests, diseases, avian influenza or countless other issues that challenge
agriculture, farmers and the public need assurances that vital services and
personnel will be on the job to identify, contain or negate those problems."

Here are the highlights of what will become law, without Wolf's signature:

The big picture

The main appropriations bill on Wolf's desk is an about $6 billion spending plan
that completes a $30 billion spending package for the year, ending nearly nine
months of partisan gridlock in Harrisburg. The package includes $578 million in
aid to universities - Penn State, Temple, Pitt, Lincoln and the University of
Pennsylvania's veterinary school.

How it got here

In December, a Wolf-supported bipartisan agreement collapsed after House GOP
leaders pulled their support. That had involved a $30.8 billion spending package
and a tax increase of more than $1 billion that Wolf had sought to resolve a
long-term deficit and to begin wiping out 2011's budget-balancing funding cuts
to public schools.

As a fallback, Republican majorities passed the main appropriations bill in a
$30.3 billion budget package, despite Wolf's opposition. Wolf vetoed $6.3
billion from the package, primarily for prisons, public schools and Medicaid
reimbursements to insurance companies. University subsidies remained stalled in
the House until Wednesday.

Taxes

Republicans say a tax increase is unnecessary to make the $30 billion budget
package balance. It would rely on a projected $30.9 billion in tax collections,
plus an expected $50 million casino license fee, before subtracting more than
$1.3 billion in refunds.

How it balances

Republicans say the plan would use about $260 million in carried-over money and
$200 million in unused program money. The state would forgo a $305 million
payment it regularly makes for its portion of school construction projects and
delay more than $200 million in payments for Social Security taxes for school
employees and reimbursements to counties for child welfare costs.

It also counts about $150 million in savings in some Medicaid programs, in part
because of enrollees becoming covered by broadened federal eligibility
guidelines that carry a higher federal cost-sharing rate.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                          September 9, 2006, Saturday

DOCS SWAMPED BY HUGE INFLUX OF IMMIGRANTS;
MEDICS' ALERT OVER PATIENTS

BYLINE: By Jude Sheerin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 270 words


DOCTORS may turn new patients away because immigrants from eastern Europe are
stretching surgeries to breaking point, they warned yesterday.

The British Medical Association said Executive funding for the coming year would
not provide any extra help for the 46,000 patients who have registered with GPs
since April 2005.

They said the increase was mainly due to the number of people arriving from
countries such as Poland and Lithuania and working in areas like agriculture
since joining the EU in 2004.

Andrew Buist, deputy chairman of the BMA's Scottish GPs committee, said: "We
support immigrants coming to Scotland and their contribution to the workforce.

"But we need to ensure that, if our population continues to rise, resources are
available to keep up with that."

Peebles GP David Love said another 30 GPs were needed and that some practices
"are toiling to deal with it and some may have to say their lists are full".

Steve McCabe, a GP on Skye, said surgeries in both urban and rural areas, such
as his own, had seen new patients.

He added: "I think 46,000 is a gross underestimate."

The Executive hit back, accusing GPs of trying to "crank it up in the media"
while the health department were in the middle of pay negotiations for family
doctors.

Health minister Andy Kerr said funding had increased by 48 per cent in the last
two years, while the population had risen less than one per cent.

He added: "That suggests that we are supporting our GPs and will continue to do
so."

First Minister Jack McConnell has said he wants to see more immigration from
eastern Europe as a way of reversing Scotland's population decline.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INFLUX: Immigrant workers. Kerr, above left

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                           January 20, 2007 Saturday

Migrants 'vital for local community'

BYLINE:  DAVID LAISTER

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 350 words


Migrant workers help keep this town's economy on track.

That is the considered view of those working closely within the food and
agricultural industry following recent claims that their worth to UK is pence
not pounds.

Migrationwatch, a campaign group against mass immigration, claims the financial
benefits brought to the UK by immigrants are "very slight" and amount to just 4p
a week per Briton. The Government and local figures have dismissed this, citing
it as a key part in the country's economic growth.

It is estimated that 20 per cent of factory floor workers in the Grimsby area
are migrant workers, with figures rising in rural Lincolnshire.

A regular supplier of agency staff to Grimsby food factories is Stafforce.

Area manager Tony Boorman deals with Young's Seafoods, the town's biggest
private employer, and other processors on a regular basis.

"I would say 20 per cent of factory operatives are migrant or immigrant workers
in Grimsby," he said.

"Their work ethic is fantastic, possibly because they come from countries where
there is more manual labour."

The boom has come since Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Poland, Slovenia, Slovakia,
Czech Republic and Hungary joined the EU in 2004.

Mr Boorman said: "There has been an influx of roughly one-million people.
Without the influx of foreign workers there would be a labour shortage, and the
county's agricultural and horticultural industries would not be sustainable."

The Rev David de Verney, of Lincolnshire Chaplain Services, oversees migrant
workers issues, from helping those who are exploited to raising awareness of the
role they can play in society.

He said: "Last year there were 19,000 vacancies, so how can people claim migrant
workers take their jobs?

"I ask if they would get up in the cold and dark at 5am to go stand in a field
or factory at 6am.

"I am interested in what migrant workers bring. They are also artists and
musicians, they harbour all sorts of talents.

"Shops are opening that bring a wonderful continental flavour to this
traditional county, and all this contributes to an overall culture, and the
richness of society."

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Grimsby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 23, 2001

Poland seeks equal funds in battle over EU entry terms

BYLINE: Ian Black in Brussels

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 13

LENGTH: 433 words


The Polish prime minister, Jerzy Buzek, called yesterday for Warsaw to gain
equal access to regional funds from Brussels when it joins the European Union,
despite the EU's angry and, as yet, unresolved dispute with Spain.

"We expect funds per capita in the new member countries and their regions to be
not less than for the present members," he said during his visit to Brussels.
"Without this it would be very difficult for us to catch up with the rest of the
EU."

Poland, with 39m people, is the largest and most important of the 13 states
applying to join. But Warsaw's bid has run into trouble over the speed of
reforms and growing uncertainty about popular support across the EU for
enlargement.

Political difficulties in Warsaw have compounded problems, with a senior Polish
official saying on Monday that Poland's date for joining had been delayed by a
year to 2004.

Jacek Saruysz-Wolski, the powerful head of Warsaw's European integration
committee, said that the 2004 date would be defended to ensure there was no
"slippage towards 2005", a date widely viewed in many EU capitals as much more
realistic.

Mr Buzek, who is tipped to lose the Polish general election this autumn,
insisted yesterday he was sticking to the 2003 entry date.

Polish problems include adapting its legal system to EU standards, complying
with expensive environmental regulations and its huge, inefficient farming
sector, which the Poles expect will benefit from the common agricultural policy.
But amid signs of an anti-EU backlash, Warsaw is demanding a timetable for
membership.

Poland and the other applicants resent the demands from Germany and Austria for
a seven-year transition period before Poles can seek work freely in the EU, in
order to prevent an influx of cheap labour. Poland wants an 18-year transition
period before other EU residents can buy land, fearing an influx of German
buyers.

The chances of resolving such issues at the Gothenburg summit next month have
decreased since Spain - the biggest single beneficiary of regional funding for
poorer regions within the EU - began a campaign to keep its share of funds after
enlargement.

Mr Buzek said Poland should get about 30% of the funds after joining, because it
needed to start large-scale infrastructure projects, and that it would be
"politically unacceptable" for Polish regions to receive less than other EU
areas.

He said the EU should boost regional aid, currently fixed at 0.45% of European
GDP - an idea certain to be resisted by Germany. Poland has just 40% of the
European average GDP.


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              317 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Ghanaian Chronicle (Accra)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Cocobod Introduces SPS Project-to Sustain Market Access of Cocoa

BYLINE: Stephen Odoi-Larbi

LENGTH: 410  words


Despite tremendous improvement of the cocoa industry in West Africa, especially
Ghana, the threat posed by diseases and pests, and uncontrolled influx of
harmful pesticides continue to exert enormous adverse effects on farm yields,
particularly where the causal agents are not properly controlled.

Farmers sometimes lose their entire crop to a disease like the black pod, if
there is lack of proper application or availability of the recommended
fungicide. "The situation is aggravated by the use of banned or unapproved
chemicals, either as a result of ignorance of economic reasons.

"The main reason underlying farmer patronage of these dangerous pesticides is
their relative cheaper market prices. However, the continuous application of
banned chemicals on cocoa is rather a more costly experience to the industry in
general," said the Chief Executive of Ghana Cocoa Board (COCOBOD), Anthony
Fofie, at the launch of the Sanitary and Phytosanitary Standards (SPS) capacity
building project in Accra for West Africa producers (Ghana, Cameroon and Cote d'
Ivoire) to mitigate the harmful effects of pesticide residues in cocoa.

The SPS capacity building project aims to better manage pesticide application
and sustain market access for the various cocoa sectors across the West African
sub-region, in order to guarantee regular fiscal revenue.

It is also aimed at developing strategies to control the influx of unapproved
pesticides in the cocoa industry.

According to Mr. Fofie, the successful implementation of the SPS capacity
building project will yield rapid results for greater impact on the various
cocoa sectors in the West Africa sub-region.

Commenting on the ambitious SPS capacity building project, Chairman, Board of
Directors of Ghana Cocoa Board, Perceval Kuranchie urged producing countries to
remain resolute and work to improve cocoa beans quality, including the
environment, to levels that can produce sustained benefits for their respective
economies.

"We do not have an easier approach to maintaining bean quality than to mobilize
quality resources to implement the project successfully so that the consistency
of our produce quality standards will guarantee us continuous market access", he
noted.

An eight member steering committee, comprising personnel from the Ghana
Standards Board, Environmental Protection Agency, Farmers, Cocoa Research
Institute of Ghana and Customs, Excise and Preventive Service were inaugurated
to manage the SPS project.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Advice offered to citizens to stop influx of seagulls

BYLINE: John Bynorth

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 175 words


NEW guidance on tackling the nuisance of urban gulls is being issued by a local
authority.

Aberdeen is suffering from an influx of lesser black-backed and herring gulls
nesting in the roofs of properties within the city.

The problem has been compounded by food dropped in streets and some people
feeding the birds.

Now the city's Environmental Health team is stressing in its new leaflet -
Living with Urban Gulls: Survivors' Guide - that there is no "quick fix". The
brochure highlights the problems gulls bring such as noise, damage to property,
spread of disease and attacks on humans.

It says property owners can discourage gulls from nesting by putting deterrent
devices on chimneys and flat roof areas. It also urges residents not to feed the
gulls.

Councillor Neil Cooney, convener of communities, housing and infrastructure,
said: "People should not be feeding gulls or dropping litter or food scraps as
it is not in the best interest of the birds - their diet is based on shellfish
and other small sea creatures, bird's eggs, insects and earthworms."

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Sunday Nation (Kenya)

                                October 30, 2016

EDITORIAL: Give farmers incentives

BYLINE: EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 241  words


Agriculture remains the main top foreign exchange earner for the country.

The announcement by Deputy President William Ruto that maize farmers will now
receive Sh3,000 up from Sh2,300 for a 90kg bag of maize is a welcome move at a
time when the price has been a source of discontent.


Agriculture remains the main top foreign exchange earner for the country and
such a move should be replicated for other important crops.
The government's commitment that the prices will progressively be reviewed each
year should be followed with concrete action since such promises have in the
past not been honoured.
Further, the state of the agriculture sector is also linked to food security,
especially considering reports of famine in parts of the country.
It is, therefore, incumbent upon the government that farmers are given
incentives. Programmes such as providing subsidised fertilizer have in the past
faced challenges, particularly linked to corruption, and the authorities must
not only ensure the quality of the input provided but also lock out profiteers
from acting as brokers at the expense of farmers.
Equally, farmers have decried influx of maize from neighbouring countries
particularly Uganda and Tanzania into the local market, a phenomenon that denies
them value for their investment.
We urge that deliberate steps are taken to strengthen local production and
provide a viable market. The deputy president's announcement is just one
important step.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1383


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Wagga Daily Advertiser

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Rabbit influx causes concern

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 196 words


Farmers are concerned about the condition of their ground amid an influx of
rabbits to the Wagga area.

Graham White, a North Wagga farmer, said he is currently considering baiting
them out after noticing a significant increase.

"It was a real issue a few years ago and we got rid of them then," Mr White
said.

"They have certainly come back in numbers around the sheds."

Mr White said the amount of rabbits haven't been a concern in recent years but
this year he has noticed a change and is keen for a new virus release.

Mr White said rabbits can cause big problems for farmers.

"For a farmer - any rabbit is too many," Mr White said.

"They dig under the buildings and eat all the grass; their burrows can be a real
problem."

The concern comes as the NSW government pushes the March release of a Korean
strain of a naturally occurring rabbit virus.

Domestic rabbit owners have been urged to keep their rabbits inside or in insect
proof enclosures and to get their pets vaccinated before the virus is released.

The European rabbit is Australia's most destructive agricultural pest animal,
costing more than $200 million in lost agricultural production and threatening
plants and animals.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Wagga Daily Advertiser

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Rabbit influx causes concern

LENGTH: 196 words


Farmers are concerned about the condition of their ground amid an influx of
rabbits to the Wagga area.

Graham White, a North Wagga farmer, said he is currently considering baiting
them out after noticing a significant increase.

"It was a real issue a few years ago and we got rid of them then," Mr White
said.

"They have certainly come back in numbers around the sheds."

Mr White said the amount of rabbits haven't been a concern in recent years but
this year he has noticed a change and is keen for a new virus release.

Mr White said rabbits can cause big problems for farmers.

"For a farmer - any rabbit is too many," Mr White said.

"They dig under the buildings and eat all the grass; their burrows can be a real
problem."

The concern comes as the NSW government pushes the March release of a Korean
strain of a naturally occurring rabbit virus.

Domestic rabbit owners have been urged to keep their rabbits inside or in insect
proof enclosures and to get their pets vaccinated before the virus is released.

The European rabbit is Australia's most destructive agricultural pest animal,
costing more than $200 million in lost agricultural production and threatening
plants and animals.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Weekend Advertiser

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Rabbit influx causes concern

LENGTH: 196 words


Farmers are concerned about the condition of their ground amid an influx of
rabbits to the Wagga area.

Graham White, a North Wagga farmer, said he is currently considering baiting
them out after noticing a significant increase.

"It was a real issue a few years ago and we got rid of them then," Mr White
said.

"They have certainly come back in numbers around the sheds."

Mr White said the amount of rabbits haven't been a concern in recent years but
this year he has noticed a change and is keen for a new virus release.

Mr White said rabbits can cause big problems for farmers.

"For a farmer - any rabbit is too many," Mr White said.

"They dig under the buildings and eat all the grass; their burrows can be a real
problem."

The concern comes as the NSW government pushes the March release of a Korean
strain of a naturally occurring rabbit virus.

Domestic rabbit owners have been urged to keep their rabbits inside or in insect
proof enclosures and to get their pets vaccinated before the virus is released.

The European rabbit is Australia's most destructive agricultural pest animal,
costing more than $200 million in lost agricultural production and threatening
plants and animals.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Young, local farmers on the rise at the Kingston market

SECTION: GREATER SAINT JOHN; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 632 words


Kingston * With an influx of young farmers into the area, local produce vendors
are on the rise at the Kingston Farmers Market. Market manager Peggy Cooper said
the number of produce vendors has doubled over the past four years at the weekly
market on the Kingston Peninsula.

The reasons for more younger startup farms entering the market varies between
businesses, but Cooper said what's keeping them afloat is a higher demand for
locally sourced food.

"People want to buy from the people who are growing the food," Cooper said
Saturday morning while touring the more than 100 vendors.

"You want real food, and this is the beautiful thing about coming to the market:
You look at a vendor and you know where the food is coming from."

In most cases, it's just down the road.

Nathaniel Bond is now in his third year of selling his organic produce at the
Kingston market. He farms two acres of land about a five-minute drive from the
market, using not much more than a tractor and his own two hands.

Bond, who turns 24 next month, began gardening as an unemployed 20-year-old for
his personal stores. Building a greenhouse in his home near Cambridge-Narrows,
he wanted more affordable produce with no chemicals. His business grew from
there and he eventually began to farm a portion of an old family property on the
peninsula.

With hopes of setting up a shop in the future, Bond sells mainly at the Kingston
market and Queen Square Farmers Market in Saint John.

"This is my main market. This is where I built all my customers," Bond said of
the Kingston market. "If I didn't have this market, I wouldn't be farming,
probably.

"Every year I get more and more clients and I try to educate people in how I
grow things, and I like coming to the markets, too. It's a social thing. You get
out and meet people."

He echoed Cooper in saying there is a greater push for organic and local
produce, but he said the lack of available jobs in New Brunswick is also behind
the increased numbers of young, local farmers.

"We're trying to make our own jobs and our own lifestyle," Bond said.

Bond, who has received some government grants, said he hopes to tap into more
funding in the future and expand to the point where he can create jobs.

Nathan Savage,the 30-year-old co-owner of Savage Gardens, said organic farming
is an accessible business for newcomers, considering its lower startup costs
compared to more conventional or industrial farming. Plus, being your own boss
and working outdoors has its benefits, he said.

Also in his third year at the market, Savage said the sales have picked up in
the past two years. They sell out of markets, to nearby restaurants, deliver
vegetable packs and dabble in wholesale as well.

He said the market booth is a great venue for advertising.

"We have lots of chefs that come up to us. It's kind of our base meeting area,"
he said.

The extra competition at the market isn't an issue, according to the vendors and
management.

"A lot of talk and have dinners together and spend some time together," Savage
said. "If someone's got a lot of this, then maybe we'll try and grow something
else."

Cooper said the market takes a co-operative approach, but a little competition
is a good thing. She said it leads producers to improve their produce or price
range.

Some overlap in products is allowed with the produce vendors, she said, since
the management set a floor of 35 per cent of vendors must be local produce. That
takes in quite a bit of booths, however, with the likes of honey, eggs and
proteins also included in that 35 per cent minimum.

It just has to be from New Brunswick, Cooper said.

She said: "The Kingston Farmers Market was designed primarily and created to
give a home to farmers and local people who wanted to sell things."
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                                    May 2012

Nation to Import Zambian Maize

BYLINE: Herbert Moyo

LENGTH: 410 words


ZIMBABWE has been forced to import maize from Zambia to avert starvation as a
result of a massive maize deficit largely attributed to the country's disastrous
agricultural policies.

Ironically, Zambia used to import maize from Zimbabwe, but has recorded a
surplus in the last two seasons having profited from the influx of white
commercial farmers displaced by its southern neighbour's controversial land
reform programme.

Agriculture minister Joseph Made has admitted Zimbabwe would have a deficit of
about one million tonnes, which has to be covered by imports from countries like
Zambia.

"About 45% of the maize that was planted this season is a write-off," said Made
recently. "Last season, 333 637 hectares of maize were written off. This year,
the hectarage written off rose to 722 557, an increase of 117%."

The Zambia National Farmers Union (ZNFU) said on Monday the Food Reserve Agency
had begun destroying the huge stockpiles of rotting maize in a bid to create
space for this year's harvest from June 1.

"Over 102 tonnes of rotten and discoloured maize is expected to be burnt in the
presence of the district authorities. Lombelombe is one such depot with 415,1
tonnes of maize on makeshift storage facilities made of pole," ZNFU said.

ZNFU's head of outreach and member services Coillard Hamusimbi told the Zimbabwe
Independent through an email on Wednesday his country produced 2,853 million
metric tonnes of maize this year with 1,035 million metric tonnes as surplus.
Last year Zambia produced a record three million metric tonnes.

"Zambia exported and hopes to continue exporting to the DRC, Namibia, Kenya and
South Sudan in addition to Zimbabwe," Hamusimbi said.

He also confirmed former Zimbabwean commercial farmers who were displaced by the
land reform programme were helping Zambia's phenomenal agricultural growth.

Hamusimbi said his country's "new" farmers engaged in diversified production of
tobacco, maize, wheat and soya crops.

Commercial Farmers' Union president Charles Taffs described Zimbabwe's maize
deficit as a "deplorable state of affairs" which, however, could still be
reversed by adopting "investor-friendly policies guaranteeing security of tenure
to farmers".

"Right now the land is of no value and we are in a spiral of diminishing
returns, thanks to the land reform programme which pushed farmers off their
land," said Taffs. "Factor in the indigenisation policy and you have
self-inflicted harm. lt is time to stop this," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  March 7, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

THE LIMITS OF SPRAWL MASSIVE INFLUX OF PEOPLE IS PUSHING CALIFORNIA TOWARD A
MELTDOWN

BYLINE: DANIEL B. WOOD

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1206 words


CALIFORNIA'S century-and-a-half land rush is finally running out of land. Usable
land, anyway.

In a story with hard implications for the frontier American mindset -- the dream
of a family home with a yard -- a soaring number of people in America's
end-of-the-rainbow state say they have reached the end of the line, and their
wits, over sprawl.

After a decade of population influx averaging 600,000 people per year, as many
as 18 million more -- the current population of New York State -- are due before
2025.

"The key challenge facing this state for the next century will be growth," says
California historian Kevin Starr. "The remorseless devouring of landscape is
pushing increasing multitudes toward a meltdown of rebellion over quality of
life."

Beach to plain, valley to mountain, Mexico to Oregon, the evidence is
overwhelming:

In San Diego -- once the unsnarled backwater of California cities -- every
leading candidate for city, county, and state office says the No. 1 voter issue
is now traffic.

Two hours north, a Los Angeles headline reads, "Opponents urge judge to block
largest development in Southern California history."

The Central Valley, provider of half the nation's fruits and vegetables, has
seen an influx of 2 million residents over 20 years -- a development that shrank
cropland by 500,000 acres. American Farmland Trust now ranks the valley as the
most threatened farm region in the nation.

Current projections are that the 400-mile-long by 50-mile-wide valley will grow
from 5.5 million people to 12.5 million by 2040. If that forecast holds, 1
million farm acres will be lost and another 2.5 million acres will be put at
risk, according to the Farmland Trust.

"Americans continue to think we have unlimited land resources, so we just keep
expanding without noticing we are creating a future that is not sustainable,"
says Carol Whiteside of Great Valley Center, a private, nonpartisan group that
is trying to unite diverse interests in the valley for sustainable growth.
"Unlike Europe, we don't have the same strong central governments that can act
in the best interest of their publics."

With demand in coastal cities driving up housing costs, fists of development are
encroaching into every empty corner of the state. Without a statewide body to
oversee such growth, local officials follow their own needs and visions, often
without regard to the big picture.

One development model -- that of the mall and adjacent bedroom community -- is
being replicated from inland valleys to the Sierra Nevadas. In many places,
monster-size homes are consuming open space.

The result, for many, is a kind of population indigestion.

"Many areas can no longer sustain a rich and nurturing institutional life," says
Starr. "We are moving beyond the ability of churches, synagogues and schools to
provide organization, polity, community."

In the Sacramento region, hours of delay on freeways have grown 1,000 percent
since 1986. According to Caltrans, the state transportation authority, 162,000
hours of delay from traffic in 1986 climbed to more than 1.8 million hours in
1998.

Observers say a large-scale, statewide revolt is imminent, on the scale of
1978's Proposition 13, the tax-cutting measure that dominoed coast to coast.

"The new revolt will be draconian. It will force a debate that will reach back
to Jefferson and Hamilton in the founding days of the republic over whether and
how to live more densely," says Starr.

The threats to farming, water quality, clean air and quality living have
prompted several moves to help force regionwide solutions to state problems.
Groups such as the Great Valley Center in the mid-Central Valley, the Fresno
Business Council to the south, and Valley Vision Regional Action Partnership in
Sacramento are building regionwide coalitions that includeenvironmentalists and
farmers, business people and residents. The idea is to pool resources and ideas,
create long-term agendas, and open dialogue between antagonistic sectors.

"The job of organizations like ours is to draw attention to benefits of thinking
regionally," says Kevin Eckery, president of Valley Vision, which draws
representatives from each of the region's six counties. "We look at open space,
traffic issues, housing prices, jobs, income, schools in an effort to create a
balanced community."

Such ventures will succeed to the degree that members recognize longer-term
planning will help all sides achieve their goals.

"If one county or city comes to agreement to ... keep development in a downtown
core and the neighboring county doesn't, you haven't solved your problem," says
Debora Nankivill of Growth Alternatives Alliance, five organizations that came
together in the Fresno region. "People here are starting to change ideas and
principles on a regionwide basis, realizing that if you get the blueprint right,
all of your issues are helped. And if you don't, they are all hurt."

In the San Jose area, a group known as Joint Venture: Silicon Valley Network is
examining the problem of soaring housing prices -- one of the reasons sprawl has
been pushed to areas of the Central Valley, San Bernardino and Monterey
counties. The group is conducting an inventory of all urban land in Silicon
Valley available for more affordable, denser housing.

"We feel if we can expedite more affordable housing here, that will ease the
pressure to elbow into other areas of the state," says Ruben Barrales of Joint
Venture.

State officials are also increasingly realizing the folly of helter-skelter
growth. Recognizing that California's 58 counties, 473 cities and many special
districts "create a confusing array of government," an Assembly commission last
month announced a task force to examine the "fundamental structure of governance
in California."

State treasurer Phil Angelides, who has 15 years' experience in real estate
development, is working to identify the point at which California's economic
strength will be jeopardized by environmental degradation -- resulting in the
exodus of businesses. "This state is going to be tested in the near future as
never before," he says. "If we continue to grow the way we are, consuming land
without regional planning, we will injure ourselves, not only environmentally
but also economically."

Others argue that California's current uproar over sprawl is related to economic
cycles of boom and recession, and will eventually abate.

"The talk about pollution, congestion, housing that is not affordable reflects
the state's current peak business cycle, in which everything is running ahead of
the state's ability to grow," says Michael Dardia of the California Policy
Institute. An economic slowdown, he says, will allow the supply of housing,
commercial space, roads, and infrastructure to catch up with demand -- without
resulting in cries of a lost utopia.

"The demonization of suburbs is a combination of old anti-growth arguments and
the political agendas of people who have already moved in and want to pull up
the ladder," says Dardia. "There is nothing magical about farming, which is also
resource intensive. . . . The other side of this debate is that if you don't
allow growth, nothing is affordable."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION
Daniel B. Wood is a Christian Science Monitor writer.

CORRECTION-DATE: March 8, 2000

CORRECTION: SETTING THE RECORD STRAIGHT (publ. 3/8/00, pg. 6B) A column on
Tuesday incorrectly referred to the California Policy Institute. The correct
name is the Public Policy Institute of California.

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Influx of diseases, pests leave citrus farmers in Teso region counting losses

BYLINE: Simon Peter Emwamu -1

LENGTH: 544  words


Though the Teso region is known for growing citrus fruits, hundreds of farmers
have lost their yields as pests and diseases cause devastation on farms. Over
the last two seasons, there has hardly been a harvest in some places. From
Bukedea up to Kaberamaido, occurrences of sweet orange scab, Gummosis, leaf
minor, leaf spot and fruit flies are being reported.

Naputali Okello Elepu, a citrus grower in Soroti, thinks the influx of these
pests and diseases is fairly recent. He says he first noticed the lesions on the
rinds, leaves and twigs in 2011 but did not know then, about sweet orange scab.

LossesIt was only the following year when he consulted the Naads scientists that
they identified the disease.  It spread through his farm and production dwindled
affecting his earnings.

Elepu explains that the oranges are attacked when they start flowering, causing
loss of flowers that would be fruits. The few fruits left turn purple and then
drop off prematurely.

"I have used various drugs and pesticides, they do not seem to work and yet they
are expensive," he says.

Emmanuel Okello, an orange farmer in Katakwi, says that between 2010 and 2013,
he has lost over 100 trees, which kept drying off.

"When I contacted Serere agricultural research station, they confirmed it as
Gummosis disease, which is only controllable through proper budding," he adds.
"This season, I expected three tonnes of oranges but with the fruit flies, sweet
orange scab and leaf minor, I have lost two and a half tonnes."

SusceptibleA citrus specialist at National Semi-Arid Resources Research
Institute (NaSARRI) in Serere, Joseph Ekwangu, confirms that there are a range
of orange diseases and pests in the area.

The most noticed are sweet orange scab, gummosis, leaf minor, leaf spot and
fruit flies. He notes that though three of these-sweet orange scab, gummosis and
fruit flies-are the most serious, they are controllable.

The most susceptible fruits are tangerine and hybrids, especially during the six
to eight weeks after petal fall. To control the scab, one needs to use systemic
pesticides and chemicals because when sprayed, the plants absorb them. They are
not contact pesticides or chemicals that remain on leaves and are washed off
when it rains or by dew.

WarningEkwangu outlines Cypermarine mix, Redomic mix and Drythene M45 as some
pesticides and chemicals that can help farmers but warns them against expired,
diluted or fake products that some unscrupulous dealers sell as the real thing.

However, he also points out, "Some farmers even don't know when to spray.
Normally, between late morning and early afternoon are the best hours."

For the case of gummosis, it can be dealt if only those who bud orange trees
know when to. Improper practices right from the nursery bed are to blame.

ControlSamson Akwenyu, an agricultural extension worker, says leaf minor and
leaf spot is caused by a fungus that if not controlled earlier, has severe
effects.

It makes the leaves curl and destroys the green pigment used by the plant in
manufacturing food. This causes the plant to dry up when starved of nourishment.

To control this, just like for the scab, apply systemic pesticides, preferably
Dimetheoate pesticides, that are internally absorbed by the plant.

editorial@ug.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2013 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                              July 12, 2015 Sunday

Agri-research

BYLINE: M Akram Niazi - Rawalpindi

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 138

LENGTH: 157  words


We have yet to realise that we survived and progressed economically because of
agriculture and our future progress and survival also depend on agriculture.
Feeding a fast growing population and agro-based industries requires more
agricultural land, scientific research and political will.

In this context, the decision to convert nearly 1,400 acres of experimental
agricultural land in Chak Shahzad into a housing scheme will be a big blow to
agricultural research, food production priority and the image of the PML-N
government. Housing schemes can be launched in every district but agricultural
land once lost cannot be redeemed. Moreover, Islamabad is not designed to
sustain heavy population influx  rural areas. It is already facing multiple
problems like water scarcity, heavy traffic, etc. The PM is requested as
patron-in-chief of agricultural research to task NARC with carrying out research
in conformity with the Islamabad Master Plan.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 16, 2003 Tuesday

WTO's effectiveness weakened;
Critics fear influx of poorer countries into the once exclusive club has made it
all talk and no action, STEVEN CHASE writes

BYLINE: STEVEN CHASE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; ANALYSIS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 804 words

DATELINE: CANCUN, MEXICO


An identity crisis grips the World Trade Organization in the wake of collapsed
global trade talks in Cancun: Has an influx of poor nations into the WTO's
formerly clubby and privileged ranks turned the once deal-focused trade body
into another muddle-along United Nations, where countries make long-winded
speeches but accomplish little?

Major players in the eight-year-old trade body, and its predecessor, the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade, have long taken pride in its low-key negotiating
style that reached deals by consensus with a minimum of bombast.

But the fear after Cancun, coming on the heels of a similar 1999 collapse of
talks in Seattle, is that this gentlemen's club approach is dead.

As one African WTO observer in Cancun suggested, after global trade talks failed
on Sunday, the world trade body appears to have morphed into "one big UN
Security Council where we all have vetoes."

Sergio Marchi, Canada's Ambassador to the WTO, said he was alarmed in Cancun
when delegates "for the first time" applauded each other's speeches.

That's a far cry from the low-key, brass-tacks manner in which WTO meetings used
to proceed, he says. "It seemed the order of the day was to win debating
points."

He fears a "new culture is creeping in" that lends itself to jaw-jaw instead of
hard-nosed deal making as the WTO's membership - now 148 countries - grows.

The number of nations around the negotiating table is up 20 per cent since 1994,
when the last GATT round of talks concluded. And it's up 45 per cent from the
so-called Tokyo round of trade talks that ended in 1979.

U.S. Trade Representative Robert Zoellick also unflatteringly compared the WTO
with the bombast-laden United Nations, saying: "It would be a shame if the
models and methods of the UN General Assembly extend to an organization that for
some 50 years has always realized that it's a reciprocal give and take
[instead]."

The Cancun talks marked the first time that developing countries effectively
banded together in coherent blocs to stop the United States and the European
Union - the two giants of the WTO - from steering talks to the deal the pair
wanted.

The talks collapsed because poorer countries refused to let the WTO craft a deal
that offered only mild cuts in massive Western farmer subsidies and would have
forced them to consent to starting negotiations on proposals to stop developing
countries from controlling foreign investment and multinational activity within
their borders.

Canadian Trade Minister Pierre Pettigrew said he felt during the Cancun talks
that he was "in some sort of United Nations parliamentary type of institution
where people were far more interested in rhetoric than actually substance."

He blames a "clash of cultures" between the newer arrivals to the WTO and the
older countries that have been talking all the way back to the GATT's founding
in Bretton Woods, N.H., in the 1940s. "We now have . . . 148 members of very
different size and very different levels of development, and that does create a
clash of two cultures."

Not to be outdone, European Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy called the WTO a
"medieval organization" that's incapable of moving forward to consensus.

Mark Fried, a spokesman for development group Oxfam International, said the big
players should stop trying to shift the blame for Cancun to poor countries.

"That sort of comment is unfounded in reality and it steers the blame for the
failure of the talks to the developing countries, when really the European Union
and the United States squarely shoulder responsibility," Mr. Fried said.

Mr. Pettigrew said newer members have to change the way they approach the WTO.

"We support the admission of new members despite the difficulty and the
challenge it creates for us, but we beg the new members to realize this
institution . . . can bring a lot to them in development, but you've to go there
and want to make a deal," he said.

The WTO's 'culture clash'

World Trade Organization talks collapsed as developing countries; banded
together and refused to accept a proposal that would have made meagre cuts in
Western and Japanese farm subsidies only if developing nations agreed to open up
on other issues.

THE PLAYERS

New kids on the bloc: Developing countries, led by Brazil, China, India,
Argentina and South Africa, joined forces under the Group of 22, of G22, in an
attempt to have rich countries' subsidies eliminated.

Canada's take: "I see an organization that is really seeing a culture clash."
Said Trade Minister Pierre Pettigrew. "I didn't feel like I was at the WTO at
all...I felt like I was at a U.N. parliamentary session."

The strong bloc: The United States, European Union and Japan, who have
traditionally stage-managed WTO negotiations, have little desire to cut
subsidies in their farm programs.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 1, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Graying of America's Countryside

BYLINE: By IVER PETERSON

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 2044 words


WHEN Helen Augelli retired as the principal's secretary at Newtown, Conn., High
School in 1986, she and her husband, Joseph, moved to Kitty Hawk on the North
Carolina Outer Banks. They had summered there for years, bought a building lot a
few years ago, and when the time came, moved into their beach house to stay.

So did Perry Ayscue, who was her partner recently in a puzzle-making session at
Dare County's impressive new community center for retirees. He came from
Staunton, Va., while Herb Barr retired to Dare County from the bookkeeping
department at what was called United States Steel Corporation, since renamed USX
Corporation, in Pittsburgh.

''We wanted to get away from cities,'' Mrs. Augelli said. ''We liked it here
because there's no pollution, the cost of living isn't as high and it's halfway
between Florida and Connecticut. We think it's perfect.''

What Mrs. Augelli and her friends on the Outer Banks of North Carolina have in
common with hundreds of thousands of other retired Americans, according to the
Federal Department of Agriculture, is that they chose a rural county, rather
than such established urban retirement centers as Miami, San Diego or Honolulu,
as the place to spend their leisure years.

Using Census Bureau figures, the department classifies as a non-metropolitan
retirement county one in which at least 15 percent of population growth was due
to the arrival of people 60 years old or older. The agency counts 487 rural
retirement counties among the country's total of 3,107 counties. It is studying
such retirement patterns for clues to potential benefits for depressed rural
economies, such as solutions to the problem of dwindling farm employment. But a
heavy influx of retired people can have unwanted side effects, too.

Sullivan County, in the Catskill Mountains, is New York's prime rural retirement
county, Connecticut has none and New Jersey used to have two - Cape May and
Ocean - but the Department of Agriculture recently reclassified them as urban.

Because so many summer-home owners end up moving to Sullivan County permanently
when their working years end, the county grew in population by 23 percent
between 1970 and 1980, for example, with 23.2 percent of that growth due to the
arrival of people 60 years old or older, from outside the county, according to
the Census Bureau.

From 1980 to 1988, the county population increased by 10 percent, to 71,700, and
although hard numbers on the influx of retirees will not be available until the
census next year, county officials attribute a quarter of that growth to them,
meaning that overall growth is slowing while retirement growth is holding
steady.

IN choosing the countryside, the retirees have a far greater impact on the lives
and jobs of their new rural neighbors than they would if they had added their
numbers to a big and economically diverse urban setting.

For example, rural retirees drive up property prices rapidly and often bring a
new slant to local municipal priorities, attaching more importance, municipal
officials say, to things that have high priority among the aged, like street
lighting and sidewalks, than, for example, to a new high school basketball
court.

What jobs they create are in the service industries, not the better-paying
manufacturing and technical employment that isolated counties usually covet. In
fact, by simultaneously driving up land and housing prices and aging the
population, some experts believe, the arrival of a large retirement population
in a sparsely populated county tends to discourage industrial development, whose
entrepreneurs prefer low land costs and a young work force. This, of course,
means fewer ratables and higher residential property taxes.

But the retirees' Social Security checks and company pensions help provide a
steady inflow of money into rural counties, helping buffer the local economy
against depressions in agricultural prices. Moreover, retirees are also prolific
volunteers, donating their time and skills to local education, libraries,
community centers and fund-raising. And they put no additional demands on what
is by far the biggest part of any county's budget - local classrooms.

Nina Glasgow, a senior research associate at Cornell University who has made a
specialty of rural retirement migrations, said that for many counties, the
retirees started coming just in time.

''My research shows that nonmetropolitan retirement counties continued to grow
in both population and employment during the 1980's,'' she said, ''and this is
at a time when much of rural America has been in a state of economic decline and
a net out-migration of people. The retirement counties have been very
conspicuous in their population expansion, and some people have been writing
about nonmetro retirement counties as the growth industry of the 80's and
90's.''

Several states have developed economic development plans aimed at attracting
retirees the way other states court defense installations or automobile plants.
Backed by real estate and construction lobbies, Idaho, Arkansas and Alabama
promote rural retirement in hopes the newcomers will soak up some of their
surplus vacation homes and help diversify struggling agriculture-based
economies.

In New York State, where there are 57 counties outside New York City, Schoharie,
in the northern Catskills, and Yates, in the Finger Lakes region, are, with
Sullivan, the only U.S.-classified rural retirement counties drawing large
numbers of retirees, according to the Census Bureau. Greene County, midway
between New York City and Albany, was listed as a rural retirement county in
1980 but has since been reclassified by the Census Bureau as urban.

In Colorado, Grand County is drawing retirees into an important fruit-growing
district with bargain housing left over from the collapse of the shale oil boom
of the late 70's.

Dare County, site of the Wright Brothers' National Memorial at Kill Devil Hills,
registered some of the highest rates of retirement immigration in the country
between 1970 and 1980, when 69 percent of a 91 percent population increase
consisted of people more than 60 years old.

Today, pending the latest Census Bureau figures, officials estimate the county's
over-65 population at 33 percent, compared with 12.3 percent for the country as
a whole.

Although beach properties on the Outer Banks are still almost laughably
inexpensive by the standards of Long Island or the Jersey Shore, housing prices
have more than doubled in this decade, Dare County officials say, and the
children of longtime residents feel the effect.

''I think we have been pretty successful in diversifying our economy with
tourism and retirement,'' said Raymond P. Surza 2d, Dare County's planning
director, ''but a byproduct of this is a housing market that is so expensive
that 90 percent of the local people can't afford to buy.''

''The market for the retirement homes is oriented toward the Northeast corridor,
and that means the retired military personnel, government people, people from
union shops that pay high wages, and the disparity is so great that local people
can't afford to pay $150,000 for a 3,000-square-foot cottage.''

WHEN amenities such as waterfront properties are scarce, the planner went on,
they are quickly picked up by the highest bidder.

''That marina where our fishermen used to tie up their boats has been sold to a
developer for condos,'' Mr. Sturza said. ''Now pleasure boats are tied up at
rents the fishermen can't afford.''

For real estate brokers and developers, the higher prices are good news, and
James Strong, who operates Southern Shores Realty, in the village of Southern
Shores just north of Kitty Hawk, said that the retirees follow a familiar
pattern of first coming to visit, then staying.

''Right now most of our sales are to people who are planning to retire down here
in a few years,'' he said. ''They come down from New York or Washington and buy
a place, they rent it out for a few years to get some help with the mortgage,
and then they move in and stay.'' Oceanfront houses, most of them two-story,
four bedroom models on half-acre lots in Kill Devil Hills, Kitty Hawk and Nags
Head on the Outer Banks, are on the market for under $300,000, and houses on
Albemarle Sound, on the western shore of the Outer Banks, are going for $100,000
less than that.

A glance at the distribution of rural retirement counties shows them
concentrated where one would expect retireees to go - near water or in areas of
special natural beauty.

The rural retirement counties hug the two coasts, spread up and down the
Alleghenies, the Ozarks into the Texas Plains, arc around the southern rim of
the Rockies and dot the shoreline counties of the upper Great Lakes states.

Ruth and Orville Hawes retired to Livingston Manor in Sullivan County almost
nine years ago, when Mr. Hawes's doctor told him the mountain air would be
better for his emphysema than the traffic and industry of West Haven, Conn.

Their daughter had a summer home in the area, and when Mr. Hawes retired from
his work as a roofer and steeplejack, he and his wife paid $50,000 to buy and
fix up a two-bedroom house on a half acre at the end of a quiet street.

''I HAD pretty much dropped out of things with the idea that once we came to the
rural country I would retire and just enjoy nature,'' said Mrs. Hawes, who is 76
years old. ''But that lasted about two months.''

Mrs. Hawes did what many retirees, more than most other citizens, have the time
to do: She got involved in politics. She lobbied the state for more funds for
the Community General Hospital in Harris and for a room tax on visitors to the
Catskills' resorts to increase funds for social programs. And she monitored the
county's tax re-evaluation to keep newcomers from being burdened with higher
bills than long-time residents.

''Older people are becoming much more active politically in this county,'' said
James Galligan, director of the Sullivan County Office for the Aging. ''They are
better organized, they are better educated than retired people used to be, they
have a little more money and a lot more time.''

Ms. Glasgow said her research at Cornell indicated that teachers' salaries tend
to lag in counties where retirees constitute a high percentage of the general
population and that expenditures on health care correspondingly increase.

In North Carolina, Dare County also responded to pressure from the elderly
newcomers in building the $800,000 Thomas A. Baum Center to house activities for
the county's burgeoning elderly population.

The retirees are similarly leading a fight against offshore oil drilling and in
favor of stricter growth controls, along with lesser demands they make on county
government officials in Manteo, the county seat.

''A lot of our visitors enjoy it here so much because of the quiet and the open
land,'' said Terry L. Wheeler, the acting county manager. ''But the moment they
retire and move in to stay they discover that they don't have sidewalks, they
don't have streetlights, they don't have a hospital and they want to know why.''

Mrs. Hawes, in Sullivan County, conceded that elderly retired rural voters have
special concerns. But, she said, she and her fellow retirees strive to interest
themselves in issues that go beyond the traditional concerns of the aged in
health and social services.

And in following their daughter to the Catskills, the Haweses followed a pattern
that seems to work both ways in retirement counties, with children following
parents or the other way around, resulting in multi-generational moves into the
countryside.

After Mr. and Mrs. Augelli retired to Dare County from Newtown, for example, one
of their daughters bought a condominium nearby and another acquired a building
lot. Then a niece moved down from the Berkshires in Massachussetts, and then her
brother from Danbury, Conn., also bought a vacation/retirement condo.

Mr. Strong, the real estate broker, said it was a familiar pattern, often led by
parents moving in to retire and having their children follow.

''We didn't plan it that way,'' Mrs. Augelli said. ''Usually retiring means
being on your own more. But the more my family came down to visit us, the more
they liked it here.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ruth and Orville Hawes outside their house in Livingston Manor, N.Y.,
where they retired. Mrs. Hawes has become active in local politics there; Helen
Augelli and Herb Barr at the Baum Center for retirees near Kitty Hawk, N.C. (The
New York Times/Alan Zale, Charles Gupton) (pg. 1); map of U.S. showing counties
where at least 15% of rural population growth was in new arrivals 60 or older,
as of 1980 (Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture) (pg. 14)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             May 1, 2004, Saturday

UK welcomes influx of skills

BYLINE: Christopher Walker

SECTION: Overseas news; 21

LENGTH: 333 words


BUSINESS, unions and Government united yesterday to put a positive spin on the
employment impact of EU enlargement as an operation started at ports and
airports to handle the expected influx of Eastern Europeans.

Results of a survey released to The Times by the Institute of Directors show
that almost 60 per cent of its members believe that workers from the ten EU
accession states, far from being a drag on the economy, can help to plug skills
gaps.

A similarily high percentage of those polled among an industrial spectrum
ranging from media to manufacturing said that they would consider recruiting
workers from the new EU countries into their own companies.

James Walsh, the institute's parliamentary and European adviser, said: "Members
recognise that workers from the new member states offer the strong work ethic
and skills that we need to maintain Britain's economic success."

In addition to the everelusive plumbers, other migrant workers being sought by
recruitment companies or likely to be attracted by the British market are
heavy-goods vehicle and bus drivers, doctors, dentists, pharmacists, nurses,
engineers, builders and electricians.

Also being targeted, often with handwritten advertisments in shop windows close
to strategic spots such as the Polish Cultural Centre in London, are those
willing to work in the service and agricultural sectors and potential sex
workers being offered £2,500 a week as "escort girls".

The Government is equally bullish about the economic prospects of the influx.
Last month it sponsored a bustling recruitment fair in Lodz, Poland's second
city.

Healthcare, construction, security and catering jobs were on offer from 20
British employers.

Poland was an obvious spot to lay out Britain's employment stall as nearly 39
million of the 75 million EU citizens with new membership come from Poland.

Most of the new recruits are expected to come from the former Soviet-bloc states
rather than Cyprus and Malta.


LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              331 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Funds feed new canola projects; Canadian Canola Council welcomes $1.5 million
influx

BYLINE: Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 313  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- Efforts to convince worldwide markets about the benefits of Canadian
canola got a nearly $1.5 million boost from the federal government Wednesday.

"We can do a lot with that money," said the Canadian Canola Council's Dave
Hickling.

"We have about 50 to 60 different projects in some of our key priority markets,
such as the U.S., where canola oil is becoming a very high value oil."

Hickling, the Winnipeg-based council's vice-president of canola utilization,
travelled to Regina to hear Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz announce the money,
meant to help create new international marketing opportunities for canola
exporters.

The council has received funds from the Canadian Agriculture and Food
International program for a number of years, but the amount of money has grown
along with the level of canola production.

There are already projects to raise the profile of canola oil as a premium oil
on the go in Asian markets, the U.S. and Mexico. Hickling said there is a focus
on education about the health benefits of canola, and part of the effort
involves working with professionals ranging from cardiologists to chefs.

In the U.S., high stability canola oil is promoted as a trans fat replacement to
the food service, restaurant and food product industry, said Hickling.

"We're seeing great value increase in Mexico, too, as they start to market
canola oil for its health benefits as the healthiest oil available," he said.

"We want to build on those opportunities that we're seeing."

Hickling said the Canadian canola industry would like to be at 15 million tonnes
of production by 2015, from the current nine or 10 million tonnes.

"(Reaching that goal) will depend on developing high value markets in the United
States, Japan, in Mexico, China, Pakistan and a number of other Asian
countries," Hickling said.

Ritz noted canola is Canada's second most valuable crop next to wheat.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Central Western Daily

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

STUDENTS have a preconceived idea that a career in

BYLINE: NICOLE KUTER

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 248 words


STUDENTS have a preconceived idea that a career in agriculture means getting
down and dirty planting crops or feeding cattle, but a Charles Sturt University
lecturer is convincing them a career in agriculture can mean suits and money.

A drop in the number of students choosing to study agriculture led course
director Yann Guisard on a mission to visit students in Orange, Parkes, Bathurst
and surrounds to convince them agriculture is not what it seems.

"Agriculture is a discipline not a profession ... a bulk of the jobs in
agriculture are in support of farmers," he said.

"There are more jobs outside the farm gate rather than inside the farm gate."

Dr Guisard referred to jobs in finance, communication, legal, marketing and
science.

Traditionally when people thought of agriculture they thought of farming and
then all of the negative connotations that come with farming such as drought,
floods and poor markets, he said.

But the agricultural industry has an employment rate of 98 per cent and the pay
is, on average, higher than other disciplines according to Dr Guisard.

A steady influx of students chose agriculture at university this year but in
previous years there had been a serious decline as students chose to enter the
mining industry instead, Dr Guisard said.

"The country needs it," he said.

"I certainly think with the students I have seen I'm not sure I have convinced
them to do agriculture but I have convinced them agriculture is not farming."

nicole.kuter@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            February 6, 2007 Tuesday

Department vet warns of illegal influx of 'remedies'

BYLINE: Michael Parsons

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 483 words


A veterinary inspector with the Department of Agriculture and Food has warned of
an increasing incidence of illegally imported animal "remedies" for greyhounds,
racehorses and farm animals which are not authorised for use in this country.

Brian Kilgallen, a veterinary inspector with the department's Special
Investigations Unit, said "we are only seeing the tip of the iceberg".

Speaking in Kilkenny after the prosecution of leading greyhound trainer Paul
Hennessy for possession of performance-enhancing substances for dogs, he
compared the situation to that encountered by Customs officials intercepting
imports of illegal drugs or DVDs.

A spokeswoman for the Department of Agriculture said last night that in the 10
years between 1996 and 2006 there had been 250 convictions for infringements of
the Animal Remedies Act 1993. Fines totalling EUR 950,000 had been imposed and
72 people were given prison sentences, 49 of which were suspended.

It is understood that the department decided to visit Mr Hennessy "to see if he
complied with the rules" following "media reports of positive blood tests in the
UK on a dog called Heart Rumble trained by him".

At Kilkenny District Court it emerged that Mr Hennessy had purchased the
products using the internet from Nature Vet, an Australian company which sells a
range of products "to optimise the health and performance of your animal".

The company, based in Glenorie, New South Wales, has a website page marked "for
residents of Australia" and export customers are referred to a separate "export
site", which contains information for the "international market".

Figures supplied by Bord na gCon show that Mr Hennessy was the leading Irish
greyhound trainer in 2006 "based on prize money" when dogs trained by him won a
total of EUR 521,000. He has trained The Late Late Show for RTÉ's Pat Kenny and
Lotto Princess for the Leinster Lawn syndicate, made up of TDs including John
O'Donoghue, the Minister for Arts, Sport and Tourism.

Last year Bord na gCon became engulfed in a row about the board's failure to
publish test results for the banned substance EPO. In November 2005, Bord na
gCon's control committee interviewed Mr Hennessy and another trainer, John
Kiely, after dogs they trained tested positive for the substance. Both men were
fined EUR 1,000 and ordered to return prize money.

Mr O'Donoghue then appointed Tim Dalton, former secretary general of the
Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform, to carry out "an independent
assessment of corporate governance and related matters affecting Bord na gCon".

According to Bord na gCon, "Mr Dalton concluded that greyhound racing is by and
large a clean sport and that infringements are quite low and are falling", but
that "in the interests of transparency and of maintaining confidence in the
sport" recommended "a more complete separation of doping control from the other
activities of the board".

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

Whittier-area residents complaining about coyote influx

BYLINE: By Mike Sprague, Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 600 words


A couple of weeks ago, Ralph Cazares of unincorporated South Whittier discovered
the remains of his dog, Cracker, in his backyard.

Cazares made the discovery after the dog hadn't come to greet him upon his
return from work.

Typically, his children and his wife would feed Cracker a biscuit upon leaving.

"I saw the cookies on the floor and he was on the far end of the wall just lying
there," Cazares said. "He was all torn up. I was devastated. I couldn't believe
it. We have pretty high walls - about 6 feet high."

Cazares and others are worried that there might be an influx of coyotes in the
area.

One of those is Anthony Lopez of unincorporated East Whittier, who recently lost
his cat, Rambo, to a coyote.

"A lot of people have started to put up postings because their cats are
missing," said Lopez, who attributes it to coyotes.

Still, local officials say they get calls but no more than usual.

"It's not anything abnormally high," said Mark Rounds, senior code enforcement
officer for La Mirada. "(The calls) are pretty consistent. I haven't seen a
spike on our end at all."

Lopez said it's time for the county to do more.

"I'd like to see the county go out and capture, if not kill them," he said.
"They pose a risk to the children in the neighborhood. They're professional
killers. They know how to take down a dog."

But Virginia Gayl Salazar and her granddaughter, Chelsea Green, of Whittier, who
recently lost their cat, Sheep Dog, to a coyote, don't agree.

"I feel bad because I feel we're taking over," Green said. "(Coyotes) were here
first. They have to eat too. The fact that they're having to come down here, I
just feel bad."

That doesn't mean Green is happy about losing her cat.

"I was really upset," she said. "I was sad but it's kind of like nature."

Officials from Los Angeles County said they get many complaints about coyotes.

However, the Los Angeles County Agriculture Commission only goes out when
there's an aggressive coyote.

And the Los Angeles County Department of Animal Care and Control only takes
action when there's a sick or injured coyote.

"Our position is that we encourage cohabitation with all natural wildlife," said
Lt. Aaron Reyes of the county Department of Animal Care and Control.

"We prefer to educate the public on how to live with these animals," Reyes said.
"If we capture a coyote or some other animal that is natural wildlife and
whether we take it away or euthanize it we're just creating an opening in that
area for another coyote to take up residence."

Releasing a coyote into the hills also creates problems because there already
are competing animals in that area, he said.

Instead, officials from both departments provide advice on how to not attract
coyotes into their area.

"You should keep lids on trash cans, wash your cans down periodically, not leave
pet food out, and make sure your dogs and cats are kept indoors particularly at
night," Reyes said.

"Another piece of good advice is to keep your yard tidy and uncluttered so
coyotes and other natural wildlife cannot (take up residence)," he said. "You
want to keep (your home) unattractive to coyotes."

Reyes said people shouldn't look on coyotes as killers.

"In fact, coyotes prefer to feed on insects, reptiles, birds and their eggs,
amphibians, gophers, rabbits, ground squirrels and mice, not dogs, cats and
kids," he said.

Reyes also had advice if you're confronted with a coyote.

"The best thing to do is scare that coyote," he said. "Yell at it, put your arms
in the air. Throw something at it. You want coyotes to maintain that natural
fear of human beings."

mike.sprague@sgvn.com
562-698-0955, ext. 3022

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ***STAFF FILE PHOTO***A coyote heads for cover after hikers pass by on
the Skyline Trail above the Puente Hills Landfill on Saturday December 14,
2002.(Whittier Daily News/Staff Photo by Keith Durflinger/Electronic
Image/Wcity)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

Whittier-area residents complaining about coyote influx

BYLINE: Mike Sprague, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


A couple of weeks ago, Ralph Cazares of unincorporated South Whittier discovered
the remains of his dog, Cracker, in his backyard.

Cazares made the discovery after the dog hadn't come to greet him upon his
return from work.

Typically, his children and his wife would feed Cracker a biscuit upon leaving.

"I saw the cookies on the floor and he was on the far end of the wall just lying
there," Cazares said. "He was all torn up. I was devastated. I couldn't believe
it. We have pretty high walls - about 6 feet high."

Cazares and others are worried that there might be an influx of coyotes in the
area.

One of those is Anthony Lopez of unincorporated East Whittier, who recently lost
his cat, Rambo, to a coyote.

"A lot of people have started to put up postings because their cats are
missing," said Lopez, who attributes it to coyotes.

Still, local officials say they get calls but no more than usual.

"It's not anything abnormally high," said Mark Rounds, senior code enforcement
officer for La Mirada. "(The calls) are pretty consistent. I haven't seen a
spike on our end at all."

Lopez said it's time for the county to do more.

"I'd like to see the county go out and capture, if not kill them," he said.
"They pose a risk to the children in the neighborhood. They're professional
killers. They know how to take down a dog."

But Virginia Gayl Salazar and her granddaughter, Chelsea Green, of Whittier, who
recently lost their cat, Sheep Dog, to a coyote, don't agree.

"I feel bad because I feel we're taking over," Green said. "(Coyotes) were here
first. They have to eat too. The fact that they're having to come down here, I
just feel bad."

That doesn't mean Green is happy about losing her cat.

"I was really upset," she said. "I was sad but it's kind of like nature."

Officials from Los Angeles County said they get many complaints about coyotes.

However, the Los Angeles County Agriculture Commission only goes out when
there's an aggressive coyote.

And the Los Angeles County Department of Animal Care and Control only takes
action when there's a sick or injured coyote.

"Our position is that we encourage cohabitation with all natural wildlife," said
Lt. Aaron Reyes of the county Department of Animal Care and Control.

"We prefer to educate the public on how to live with these animals," Reyes said.
"If we capture a coyote or some other animal that is natural wildlife and
whether we take it away or euthanize it we're just creating an opening in that
area for another coyote to take up residence."

Releasing a coyote into the hills also creates problems because there already
are competing animals in that area, he said.

Instead, officials from both departments provide advice on how to not attract
coyotes into their area.

"You should keep lids on trash cans, wash your cans down periodically, not leave
pet food out, and make sure your dogs and cats are kept indoors particularly at
night," Reyes said.

"Another piece of good advice is to keep your yard tidy and uncluttered so
coyotes and other natural wildlife cannot (take up residence)," he said. "You
want to keep (your home) unattractive to coyotes."

Reyes said people shouldn't look on coyotes as killers.

"In fact, coyotes prefer to feed on insects, reptiles, birds and their eggs,
amphibians, gophers, rabbits, ground squirrels and mice, not dogs, cats and
kids," he said.

Reyes also had advice if you're confronted with a coyote.

"The best thing to do is scare that coyote," he said. "Yell at it, put your arms
in the air. Throw something at it. You want coyotes to maintain that natural
fear of human beings."

mike.sprague@sgvn.com
562-698-0955, ext. 3022

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Virginia Salazar shows where her cat Sheep Dog was killed in August by
a coyote down the street from her home on the 10900 block of Groveside Avenue in
Whittier on Monday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           September 26, 2011 Monday

Whittier-area residents complaining about coyote influx

BYLINE: Mike Sprague, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 600 words


A couple of weeks ago, Ralph Cazares of unincorporated South Whittier discovered
the remains of his dog, Cracker, in his backyard.

Cazares made the discovery after the dog hadn't come to greet him upon his
return from work.

Typically, his children and his wife would feed Cracker a biscuit upon leaving.

"I saw the cookies on the floor and he was on the far end of the wall just lying
there," Cazares said. "He was all torn up. I was devastated. I couldn't believe
it. We have pretty high walls - about 6 feet high."

Cazares and others are worried that there might be an influx of coyotes in the
area.

One of those is Anthony Lopez of unincorporated East Whittier, who recently lost
his cat, Rambo, to a coyote.

"A lot of people have started to put up postings because their cats are
missing," said Lopez, who attributes it to coyotes.

Still, local officials say they get calls but no more than usual.

"It's not anything abnormally high," said Mark Rounds, senior code enforcement
officer for La Mirada. "(The calls) are pretty consistent. I haven't seen a
spike on our end at all."

Lopez said it's time for the county to do more.

"I'd like to see the county go out and capture, if not kill them," he said.
"They pose a risk to the children in the neighborhood. They're professional
killers. They know how to take down a dog."

But Virginia Gayl Salazar and her granddaughter, Chelsea Green, of Whittier, who
recently lost their cat, Sheep Dog, to a coyote, don't agree.

"I feel bad because I feel we're taking over," Green said. "(Coyotes) were here
first. They have to eat too. The fact that they're having to come down here, I
just feel bad."

That doesn't mean Green is happy about losing her cat.

"I was really upset," she said. "I was sad but it's kind of like nature."

Officials from Los Angeles County said they get many complaints about coyotes.

However, the Los Angeles County Agriculture Commission only goes out when
there's an aggressive coyote.

And the Los Angeles County Department of Animal Care and Control only takes
action when there's a sick or injured coyote.

"Our position is that we encourage cohabitation with all natural wildlife," said
Lt. Aaron Reyes of the county Department of Animal Care and Control.

"We prefer to educate the public on how to live with these animals," Reyes said.
"If we capture a coyote or some other animal that is natural wildlife and
whether we take it away or euthanize it we're just creating an opening in that
area for another coyote to take up residence."

Releasing a coyote into the hills also creates problems because there already
are competing animals in that area, he said.

Instead, officials from both departments provide advice on how to not attract
coyotes into their area.

"You should keep lids on trash cans, wash your cans down periodically, not leave
pet food out, and make sure your dogs and cats are kept indoors particularly at
night," Reyes said.

"Another piece of good advice is to keep your yard tidy and uncluttered so
coyotes and other natural wildlife cannot (take up residence)," he said. "You
want to keep (your home) unattractive to coyotes."

Reyes said people shouldn't look on coyotes as killers.

"In fact, coyotes prefer to feed on insects, reptiles, birds and their eggs,
amphibians, gophers, rabbits, ground squirrels and mice, not dogs, cats and
kids," he said.

Reyes also had advice if you're confronted with a coyote.

"The best thing to do is scare that coyote," he said. "Yell at it, put your arms
in the air. Throw something at it. You want coyotes to maintain that natural
fear of human beings."

mike.sprague@sgvn.com
562-698-0955, ext. 3022

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

New courses at Chandra Shkhar Azad University likely

SECTION: KANPUR

LENGTH: 183 words


KANPUR: Chandra Shekhar Azad University of Agriculture and Technology is in the
process of re-introducing four courses in the academic session 2014-15. These
courses include Agri Business Management, BSc Horticulture, BSc Forestry, BTech
Computer Science and BTech Mechanical Engineering. Out of these courses, BTech
Computer Science and Mechanical Engineering will be taught in the Etawah campus
of the university.

The students willing to seek admission in any of these four courses will have to
crack Uttar Pradesh Combined Agriculture and Technology Entrance Test (UPCATET)
scheduled to be held from May 15 to 17.

The four courses are awaiting the nod from the governor BL Joshi. It is expected
that soon the four courses will get acceptance after which admission on these
courses will be taken from the academic session 2014-15.

Vice-chancellor Munna Singh said that the courses will increase the influx of
students. The university had 30 seats each in Agri Business Management and BSc
Horticulture and 40 seats each in BTech Mechanical and BTech Computer Science.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday

Pinellas agriculture industry threatened

BYLINE: THERESA BLACKWELL

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER


Headlines through the years

A look back at the events, people and places that made North Pinellas the unique
place that it is. The information  is compiled from past editions of the St.
Petersburg Times.

Nov. 24, 1960

CLEARWATER - Pinellas agriculture of any importance will be absent 20 years from
now unless immediate steps are taken to save productive acreage.

That was the message members of the Springtime City Kiwanis Club got from Gil
Whitton, assistant Pinellas County agricultural agent, Tuesday night during the
club's annual city-farm-night dinner at the Fort Harrison Hotel.

"We should have a farmer-business-legislative committee to keep our productive
farm lands from being gobbled up by the ever-mounting speed of home development
in Pinellas," declared Whitton.

He noted that agriculture is the nation's biggest industry, yet the number of
farms is steadily decreasing. There is a steady decline in the number of young
men going into agriculture.

"In Pinellas, our tremendous influx of new residents is eating up our productive
acreage," he said. "Groves are trying to compete with people and losing."

Whitton, by illustration, pointed to the similar problem in California that was
partially solved by establishing "green belts" where residential developments
were banished to preserve valuable farm lands.

He called for a plan whereby a commission made up of farmers, businessmen and
lawmakers would steer new highways and residential developments to the county's
unproductive lands.

This, he said, would preserve the more productive sections of the county that he
said are now being wasted by housing developments.

Nov. 21, 1950

Mayor pushes issue of pay hike by city

CLEARWATER - Mayor Harry D. Sargeant advised two city commissioners running for
his job in the December election to make pay raises for city employees a
campaign issue. At last night's city board meeting, the candidates supported a
motion to refer the question to a special committee.

Commissioners Herbert Brown and Leland Drew, rivals for the mayoralty, will
serve on the committee.

"All of us make enough to eat chicken every day if we want it," said the mayor.
"I'm afraid some of our city employees have to get along on fish."

The Sargeant salary boost plan would hike wages of all employees earning less
than $300 per month. The mayor is not seeking re-election.

Nov. 17, 1953

Lions give away fowl tomorrow

CLEARWATER - Live turkeys and chickens, and oven-dressed ones, too, will be
awarded as prizes tomorrow night at Lions Club Feather Party at Municipal
Auditorium, 7:30 p.m.

About 50 fowl will be given away during the evening games, which are open to the
public in a fundraising event for the Lions eyesight conservation project. Some
of the live prizes are on display in downtown stores and one oven-ready turkey
has been set aside as a door prize to be given with an electric oven to cook it
in.

Nov. 19, 1928

Boy's prank brings out firefighters

CLEARWATER - A small boy of this city in some way came into possession of a
number of red flares used on railroads. His particular penchant has been to
light these signals and stick them into telephone poles - when he is not
throwing them around elsewhere.

Last night, a fire truck came rushing out E Pierce Street hunting a burning
pole, which had been reported by someone who had seen the red glare started by
the boy. The flare had gone out by the time the firemen arrived and the
youngster had made himself scarce.

The fire department wants his name and address.

Theresa Blackwell compiles the history column. She can be reached at (727)
771-4305 or blackwell@sptimes.com.

EARLY 1900s: Visitors relax at the Belleview Hotel, now the Belleview Biltmore
Resort & Spa, in a photo taken by George W. Eatherly and donated to Heritage
Park. Developers now want to raze the 1897 Belleair landmark and build
residences.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; LARGO TIMES

SERIES: PINELLAS HISTORY

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo courtesy of MIKE SANDERS; EARLY 1900s: Visitors relax at
the Belleview Hotel, now the Belleview Biltmore Resort & Spa, in a photo taken
by George W. Eatherly and donated to Heritage Park.

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              339 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Press (Christchurch)

                           January 27, 2000, Thursday

Returning Timor troops face MAF debugging

SECTION: NEWS; National; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 151 words


WELLINGTON -- New Zealand peacekeeping troops returning from East Timor will be
checked twice by Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry officials to prevent an
invasion of unwanted germs, insects, and plants.

About 100 of the 800 Kiwi troops in Timor are to return home at the end of
February.

MAF said serious risks included weeds, the Asian honey bee, exotic mosquitoes,
the giant African snail, bee mites, and dengue fever. MAF spokesman John Hayes
said all troops and equipment would undergo thorough checks to prevent an influx
of thousands of unwanted nasties.

Mr Hayes said MAF were particularly concerned about dengue fever, which had just
spread into Queensland.

Defence Force spokesman Wing Commander John Seward said troops were taking
personal responsibility to ensure no noxious weeds and insects hitched a ride
back with them.--NZPA

Supplied by New Zealand Press Association

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Fairfax New Zealand


                              340 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

South Korea aims to safeguard local agriculture at CEPA talks with India

LENGTH: 302 words


Text of report in English by South Korean news agency Yonhap

[Yonhap headline: "S Korea Aims To Safeguard Local Agriculture at CEPA Talks
With India"]

SEOUL, Sept. 7 (Yonhap) - South Korea aims to ensure a measure of protection for
agricultural products if an economic partnership agreement is signed with India,
the government said Friday.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry said every effort will be made to
include agriculture in the batch of "sensitive" items that can be excluded from
an open trade arrangement. The two sides are to hold the next round of
Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) talks in Seoul early next
week.

"New Delhi has shown interest in the agriculture sector, but Seoul's stance is
to ensure that local farmers are not unduly hurt by market opening," a ministry
official said.

The partnership agreement, technically the equivalent of a free trade agreement
(FTA), is geared to promote growth through liberal trade, investment and
economic and technical cooperation. South Korean agricultural goods are
comparatively more expensive than those grown in other countries, and could be
hit hard if there is a sudden influx of cheap produces.

He added Seoul made clear that the "sensitive" nature of South Korea's farming
sector must be reflected in any free trade pact.

Seoul and New Delhi want to conclude the CEPA negotiations by the end of the
year that can open new horizons for the two countries. Talks have made progress
in such areas as the level of market opening in manufactured goods and place of
origin rules. Service sector areas are to be discussed in October.

South Korea already has FTAs with Chile, Singapore, the European Free Trade
Association and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).

Source: Yonhap news agency, Seoul, in English 0529 gmt 7 Sep 07

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Organic Effect in Veg Business

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: KOCHI


KOCHI, June 24 -- Thanks to the popularity of organic farming, the influx of
vegetables from other states has taken a huge dip, according to the data
available from the Agriculture Department.

Officials said that the quantity of vegetables arriving from states like Tamil
Nadu and Karnataka has fallen by nearly 20,000 metric tonnes. This is owing to
the popularisation of small-scale vegetable promotion undertaken by various
government and private organisations.

" There is a 20-per cent dip in the quantity of vegetables coming to the state.
Earlier, between 70,000 and 80,000 metric tonnes of vegetables were brought to
the state from Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra. These
vegetables arrived at 10 wholesale markets in the district," said Jessy K X,
deputy director, Agriculture Department.

The change has been made possible through the various organic farming promotion
programmes undertaken by the department, including promotion of terrace farming,
grow bag distribution and small-scale vegetable farming.

"We could distribute as many as 7,200 units of grow bags (each unit has 25 grow
bags) during the last fiscal year itself. This was just 4,500 units during the
2013-2014 financial year," said Jessy. Meanwhile, Vegetable and Fruits Promotion
Council of Kerala officials say that there is a steep increase in the production
of vegetables by farmers in the district. "There has been a rise in the number
of people who express interest in our Haritha Nagari and Mattupavu Pachakari
Krishi schemes," said the official.

However, according to Jessy, a major reason for the fall in popularity of the
vegetables from other states is the awareness among people about the toxic
content in them. "Thanks to the campaign undertaken by the media and government
agencies, people are now aware of the amount of pesticides in the vegetables.
This too has prompted them to cultivate vegetables in available spaces in their
homes," said Jessy.

Faizal, a vegetable vendor, said that he is already feeling the pinch. "Many
people are coming to us expressing interest in supplying vegetables cultivated
in their homes. And, such produce have demand too," he added.

Inspired by the movement, GCDA, along with the district administration, has
undertaken a mass organic vegetable farming mission in the district. Self-help
Group Kudumbashree too has undertaken a mission to enable 6,250 units of terrace
farming initiatives in a bid to promote organic vegetable cultivation. Besides,
it has also been helping individuals under the Green Tree and Rural Area Farming
Promotion projects.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 4, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Maine's creative Farm Share program faces effect of changes in federal rules

BYLINE: SHARON KILEY MACK OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B4

LENGTH: 578 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Seniors' nutritional benefits and farmers' up-front capital will suffer this
harvest season in the wake of changes in the federal rules for Maine's Farm
Share program, according to state officials.

In each of the past five years, Maine's seniors could receive a $100 allotment
to be used at farm stands, farms and community meal sites for local produce.

In addition, 180 of Maine's farmers received checks for participation at the
start of the planting season, providing them with a much-needed influx of cash.

But new regulations issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture have
dramatically changed how Maine administers the program and slashed the senior
share to $50, half of what seniors had been getting.

"This is not good news for progressive states like Maine," said Deanne Herman of
the state Department of Agriculture.

Officials forecast that seniors will still line up for the free produce, but
there may no longer be enough participating farmers.

"We have worked hard for five years to streamline and create an efficient,
successful program," Herman said. At a funding level of $800,000 this year,
Maine gets a pretty generous portion of the $15 million Farm Share pool.

Although the intent of the new rules was to simplify the program and unify what
all states are doing, the result is that Maine's program - touted by federal
officials as creative, innovative and successful - will be "dumbed down" to meet
the lower expectations in other states.

When the Farm Share program was established in 2000, each state was asked to put
together an individual program and creativity was encouraged, Herman said.

"Most states mirrored their existing [Women, Infants and Children] programs,
providing coupons that in turn required administrative layers," Herman said.
Maine considered a coupon program. "But we decided we could do better," she
said.

Maine officials felt that since there were no administration funds built into
the program, a coupon system would actually decrease the benefits to seniors.

Survey after survey of Maine's seniors and farmers revealed that both groups
recommend at least a $100 level, which provides farmers with enough capital to
make the program worthwhile and seniors with enough produce to meet their
nutritional needs.

"Although halving the individual allotment will allow more seniors to
participate, the benefits will be negligible," said Mary Walsh, manager of
community programs for the state Bureau of Elder and Adult Services.

"We feel that $100 really makes a difference in the older person's nutritional
health," Walsh said. "Fresh produce is more expensive and seniors on a limited
income really get such a benefit from it."

Walsh said that a side benefit has been the relationships that have developed
between the seniors and the participating farmers. "That is an immeasurable
benefit," she said.

Herman said the new rules also prohibit the state from making arrangements to
deliver produce to community meal sites and programs such as Meals On Wheels, a
change that will affect a quarter of the participating farmers.

She said seniors, in the past, had only to sign a form declaring they were
low-income and eligible. Now, they will have to prove to the providing farmer
that they are eligible.

"Will we now have farmers checking income tax forms? That is not appropriate at
all," Herman said.

Participating farmers will be notified of the rule changes, Herman said, and an
informal survey will be done to see how many opt to continue.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                              343 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday

Scheme to revive agri in khazan lands approved

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: Goa


Goa, Aug. 29 -- which have been rendered non-fertile will be taken up for
revival of agriculture through the Central government's ambitious National
Agricultural Development Mission. A total of 18,000 hectares of such fertile
land have been identified for the purpose.

The State cabinet on Friday approved a special scheme 'Strengthening of bunds,
desilting of ponds and protection of khazan land' under the central mission for
revival of agriculture, a fully government funded project.

The State also intends to introduce an independent Contract Farming bill in the
winter session of the Legislative Assembly to promote contract farming in khazan
lands.

Addressing media persons after the cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Laxmikant
Parsekar said the Cabinet approved the scheme so as to revive agriculture in
fertile lands.

Parsekar said the State has 18,000 hectares of fertile khazan lands, but little
of it is being tilled by farmers. Non-cultivation of vast stretches due to
costly labour and influx of saline water in cultivable areas has led to
uncontrolled growth of vegetation.

He said that in the first phase, 4500 hectares - 38 bunds of 85kms length -
would be taken up for revival costing of Rs 1.92 crore. The government has
decided to appoint five junior engineers and seven supervisors for the project's
implementation.

"The aim of the project is to bring khazan land under cultivation. The concept
of contract farming can be introduced, wherein crop with fish or crop as well as
crab cultivation can be looked for," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                              May 19, 1972, Friday

SECTION: Page 34, Column 3

LENGTH: 198 words

Migrant Legal Action Program and Colorado Rural Legal Services, in complaint
submitted to Justice Dept on May 18, urge dept to halt influx of illegal alien
harvesters by prosecuting growers who hire them; charge dept and Immigration and
Naturalization Service have allowed influx to become a 'deluge' that is
worsening the poverty of domestic field hands; maintain agencies should shift
tactics by prohibiting employment of foreigners instead of continuing to pursue
'futile' efforts to stem the tide by deporting small percentages of aliens;
petition proposes that Justice Dept and Immigration and Naturalization Service
establish and enforce regulations that will warn employes not to hire illegal
aliens and then, if necessary, to file civil suits for injunctions and contempt
penalties rather than to wait for Cong to provide criminal penalties; since Cong
ended Bracero program in '65, which permitted Mex contract workers to enter US
for seasonal farm work, illegal traffic across Mex-US border has increased 25%
per yr; more than 1-million aliens are believed to be residing illegally in the
US; deportations by Immigration and Naturalization Service have increased
annually, '65-71

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              345 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            August 29, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Expert: B.C. must act now

BYLINE: Jeff Rud, Times Colonist; with files from CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 545  words


A former Ministry of Agriculture official says all British Columbians should be
worried about prime farmland disappearing from the Agricultural Land Reserve.

Dave Sands, who retired three years ago from his position as regional director
for the South Coast including Vancouver Island, said B.C.'s population is
expected to grow by at least 1.3 million people over the next 25 years.

With that influx, the province will need one million more hectares of farmland
in operation in order to produce what it does now -- roughly 50 per cent of food
consumed by British Columbians. And those one million hectares will have to
produce at the same rate as farmland now in use.

"We can't even do that now, let alone [losing] any piece of land [from the
reserve]. ... That's why it's so important that we shouldn't be touching any of
it,'' Sands said.

Sands is a spokesman for the Agricultural Land Reserve Protection and
Enhancement Committee, a group which is asking Premier Gordon Campbell to launch
an inquiry into the Agricultural Land Commission and whether it is properly
protecting farmland.

With rising oil prices, shipping in food from elsewhere could become difficult,
he said. And with California farmland disappearing quickly, it could also leave
B.C. in a bind.

"It may not hit right now, but it's definitely going to hit future
generations,'' Sands said.

"People always say: 'But where are people going to live?' That's the problem. We
must reverse that in a sense and say: 'What are we going to eat?' ''

ALR DECISIONS: SOME CASE STUDIES

The UVic Environmental Law Clinic has produced a report, authored by law student
Ryan Green, documenting flaws in four recent cases of land being removed from
the Agricultural Land Reserve.

The four case studies included:

- A January 2004 decision to approve Raven Forest Products' application to
exclude 140 hectares of reserve land in the city of Courtenay for use in a
residential development in exchange for the inclusion in the reserve of 318
hectares at two different Comox sites. The report says the land exchanged was of
inferior agricultural value and that the removal of the Courtenay land prevented
potential expansion of an existing farm.

- A June 2005 decision to remove 267 hectares of grazing land on the west side
of Windermere Lake in the East Kootenays to allow construction of the Grizzly
Ridge recreational and residential development. Green found the panel consulted
neither the ranchers leasing the land nor regional agricultural organizations,
and that there was already a shortage of grazing land in the region.

- A June 2005 decision to remove 178.5 hectares of prime agricultural land from
the reserve in Abbotsford by that city for industrial use. In making the
decision, the panel relied on a promise by Abbotsford to set up a program to
reclaim gravel pits for farming. Green said there was no evidence any gravel pit
owners would participate in such a program.

- A December 2005 decision to allow the Sechelt Golf and Country Club to use one
hectare of reserve land for the expansion of its clubhouse and construction of
residential villas. Although the amount of land was small, Green said the
decision "will almost certainly encourage developers" to apply to build housing
on other golf courses in the reserve.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: John McKay, Times Colonist; Farmers bring in a hay crop in Central
Saanich. A study conducted by the University of Victoria Environmental Law
Clinic warns that protection of farmland in B.C. is in need of strengthening.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                            February 9, 2003, Sunday

Influx of sheep boosts local livestock industry

BYLINE: LUKE SAYER

LENGTH: 275 words


WHILE many rural pockets are being hit hard by the nationwide drought, a few are
making the best of a bad situation.

Many mainland paddocks can no longer support livestock, which has meant an
influx of sheep into Tasmania -- more than 15,000 have come south since spring.

The livestock industry says it isn't anything out of the ordinary.

Tasmanian Farmers and Graziers Association executive officer meat and livestock
Roger Tyshing said it is all part of rural life.

"It is unfortunate in agriculture that one region usually benefits from another
region's misfortune," Mr Tyshing said.

Roberts Livestock state manager Chris Taylor said the numbers are probably
higher, but discounts it as a new phenomena.

He said trade in livestock across Bass Strait has existed for 20 years and it
isn't a big deal.

"We've got to stop thinking of the mainland as so far away. We are all part of
Australia," Mr Taylor said.

"There is no difference moving sheep from northern Victoria or southern New
South Wales than it is from Hobart to Circular Head."

Mr Taylor said too much livestock and too few buyers was the impetus for the
southern drift.

"Our season was looking pretty good, so farmers were able to fatten and resell.
They've been getting good returns," he said.

Mr Tyshing said it could be the shot in the arm the Tasmanian industry needs,
with the livestock sector at a bit of a low before the influx.

"It gives some assurance for processors and is obviously good for farmers who
can get a good price," Mr Tyshing said.

"They have mainly been store lambs, which will end up with the butcher, but it
is good to see."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              347 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday
                                National Edition

'The Syrians are coming'; With scarce jobs and few resources, Jordanians no
longer feel as welcoming to their cross-border neighbours

BYLINE: Tomm Blackwell, National Post

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 926 words


Like many of their fellow Jordanians, Hamzi Dardur and his two friends initially
welcomed the Syrians who began surging across the nearby border last year. After
all, their neighbours were fleeing one of the nastiestcivil wars the region has
ever seen.

Now, the young men are not feeling so magnanimous.

All have recently lost their jobs in this border town's service industry,
replaced by Syrian refugees willing to work for a fraction of the wage. Mr.
Dardur was fired from his position in a local shop, his former wage of $290 a
month - hardlyaking's ransom- now used to employ four Syrians.

Meanwhile, sick and injured refugees are also clogging the area's hospitals, the
Jordanians complained.

"God help them, but at the same time, they have harmed the country," said
another friend, Ali Mussa Al Zurbi.

"We are a country with no agriculture, no water and no natural resources. We are
a poor country that depends on international aid. And now the Syrians are
coming."

As refugees continue to pour across the frontier - 500,000 so far, with
predictions the visitors could make up a stunning 40% of the tiny nation's
population by mid-2014 - Jordan's vaunted openness to asylum seekers is coming
under serious strain.

The influx has only worsened an economy already suffering from 14% unemployment,
strained the country's limited supplies of drinking water, and burdened health
care and other public services. There is nothing yet like the backlash seen
against Syrians in Turkey after the terrorist bombings there, but resentment is
simmering.

There have been reports of scuffles between Jordanians and Syrians in some
towns, and a widespread irritation with the influx, roughly equivalent to Canada
absorbing 2.6 million refugees from the United States in less than a year.

Abdullah Mohammed, a Syrian also living in Ramtha, said many Jordanians continue
to treat him and his family with kindness and respect. Others, however, abuse
and exploit the Syrians, he said, citing his landlord and rent that is three
times what Jordanians would be charged.

Some "curse at us, they say 'Go to hell, we don't want you,' " Mr. Mohammed
said. "Sometimes we hear the cursing, but we ignore it."

The Jordanian government itself is still eager to portray the nation as
open-hearted, instructing soldiers to proclaim "Welcome to Jordan" as refugees
stumble across the border, said dr. Christopher Phillips, an expert on the Arab
Middle east at Queen Mary, University of London, in Britain.

Ordinary people, especially in the north where many have relatives in southern
Syria, were also welcoming of the newcomers at first, he said. Then refugees
from other parts of the country started arriving, and the overall numbers grew
astronomically, changing the dynamic.

"Jordan, for a country that has attracted large numbers of refugees, is probably
one of the least suited environments for refugees," dr. Phillips said. "It
already has a mass unemployment problems ... To throw even cheaper labour into
the pot is going to really damage the local economy."

The rising tension raises the spectre of the sometimes frayed relations between
many Jordanians and those other refugees - the three million Palestinians who
make a home in the country.

Most came in waves after the 1948 and 1967 Arab-Israeli wars, and almost all are
full Jordanian citizens. yet they are not exactly equal, with Palestinians often
denied police, military and certain civil service jobs, and limited in their
access to higher education, dr. Phillips said.

Then there was the Black September war in 1970-71, when the Palestinian
Liberation Organization under Yasser Arafat fought the government for control of
Jordan. The PLO was eventually defeated and forced into Lebanon.

What enmity still exists between the groups often erupts at soccer games between
the Palestinian-based Wahdat and Faisali, linked to east-Bank Jordanians of long
standing.

"Faisali-Wahdat games have a long history of hooliganism and politically
motivated violence," noted a 2009 U.S. embassy cable released by WikiLeaks,
suggesting the contests exposed a "growing rift" between the groups.

In Ramtha, the Syrian civil war has hit home in various ways, not least by a
drastic reduction in trade.

Adnan and Nadeen, two refugees who run a produce stand in town, say the
shrinking contingent of cross-border truckers must contend with corrupt and
trigger-happy Syrian troops on the trek into Jordan. One was shot dead several
days ago, they said, asking that their last names not be used.

Then there are those like Mr. Dardur who have suffered from the growing new,
cut-rate workforce. Hisfriend, Yussuf Al-Turk, 21, lost his $390 a month
restaurant job to Syrians, and now mans a tiny cigarette booth for far less pay.
Ibrahim Ham-mad, 19, was also fired to make way for lower-cost refugee
replacements.

Mr. Mohammed, the Syrian, insists his people are not stealing work - they're
just willing to do the menial jobs locals shun.

Regardless, the young Jordanians say the job market is not the only place they
feel the refugees' presence.

"The hospitals are full of Syrians, sick people and wounded," said Abdul Salam
Dardur, a municipal worker and cousin of the fired store clerk.

"They don't even have a place for the sick Jordanian person ...The Syrians are
taking our places everywhere."

The men say they don't want the refugees refused entry entirely, only barred
from their communities.

"We would prefer they keep them in [refugee] camps," Mr. Hammad said. "There is
no security in the country and they have destroyed lives."

tblackwell@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tom Blackwell, National Post; Adnan is a Syrian refugee who runs a
fruit stand in the town of Ramtha, Jordan.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                              March 6, 2009 Friday

Farmers cut back on dairy workers;
Shortage 'has vanished'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 291 words


SHANE COWLISHAW

BEN HEATHER

THE dairy industry in Southland is showing definite signs of slowing down with
an excess of workers for the first time in years.

Farmers had been struggling to find enough employees to meet demand for several
years, with an influx of overseas migrants arriving to help fill the positions.

But the global economy and falling dairy prices are leading employers to rein in
spending and excess jobs could be the first to go.

New Zealand Rural Employment owner Greg Browning, who places farm workers in
employment throughout Southland, said there had been a huge drop in available
jobs.

Lower commodity prices were mainly to blame, with farmers deciding to do more
work themselves rather than hire an extra worker, he said.

"There are actually people getting laid off in the industry, my phones are
ringing more with people calling about jobs," he said.

"I'm about to advertise now for people who I've got on my books and that's
probably the first time that's happened in two years."

Job losses would probably be by attrition rather than any big layoffs, Mr
Browning said.

"People are being a hell of a lot more conservative about their staffing levels
and I think what you'll find is that they will take them through to the end of
the season, which is the end of May, and they just won't replace them."

The influx of migrant workers would be the first thing that would get "knocked
on the head" as employment demand dwindled, he said.

Federated Farmers Southland dairy chairman Rod Pemberton confirmed several
farms, including his own, had reduced staff numbers.

Most of the job losses had been through attrition, with one worker having
already left his farm and another set to go at the end of the year.

Talley's expansion plan, Page 3

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Investments in Bangsamoro seen to trickle in

BYLINE: Carmelito Q. Francisco

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 1072 words


DAVAO CITY - The signing of the peace agreement between the Moro Islamic
Liberation Front (MILF) and the government will not result in overnight progress
in the areas to comprise the Bangsamoro juridical entity. But, experts believe
the agreement will spur a gradual but continuing influx of new investments.

This is given that the October 2012 signing of just the Framework Agreement on
the Bangsamoro in Malacanang already spurred some companies to explore the areas
within the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM) for possible
opportunities.

The ARMM will eventually be replaced by the Bangsamoro political entity, whose
expanse will depend on the result of a plebiscite to be set after its basic law
is passed.

Romeo M. Montenegro, public affairs head of the Mindanao Development Authority,
said that, right now, the agency has started assessing what high-value crops are
suitable for the region as many companies have been expressing interest in
helping economic development.

What is interesting, Mr. Montenegro told BusinessWorld, is that companies have
already been prepared to enter the ARMM. Even without the agreement, he added,
several companies have already indicated their willingness to invest or expand
their investments.

Among them is La Frutera, Inc., a banana company started in Maguindanao by the
late Ebrahim P. Paglas and which employs rebels.

Another company, Unifrutti Philippines, Inc. has partnered with the Mindanao
Rural Development Program - a World Bank-funded program that will soon be
implemented nationwide as the Philippine Rural Development Program - in
establishing infrastructure facilities to make banana farms accessible, said
Arnel V. de Mesa, deputy MRDP director.

Unifrutti, Mr. de Mesa said, has started developing farms in Maguindanao and is
expected to also penetrate Lanao del Sur, two of the provinces in the proposed
Bangsamoro region.

Mr. Montenegro said several other companies that he did not identify have also
indicated their intentions to develop other crops like palm oil, coffee and even
organic rice.

"We are looking at developing these crops because we already have initial
studies that identify these as those with potentials in the areas of the
region."

Haron U. Bandila, chairman of the ARMM Business Council, said businesses have
come to the region before, even before the peace agreement's signing. "There are
already big companies that have located here," he said but, like Mr. Montenegro,
declined to name them so they can continue their projects unnoticed.

Speaking to BusinessWorld over the phone, Mr. Bandila said most of the companies
that have been in the region are in agribusiness. "They say the sector is a good
area of investments," he added.

Aside from agriculture and allied investment areas, some companies have also
considered investing in energy and exploring the possible mineral deposits of
the region, Mr. Montenegro said. For instance, there were reports years ago that
some Malaysian companies were looking at the oil and natural gas deposits of
Liguasan Marsh in Maguindanao.

The only way to realize these potentials, said Joji Ilagan-Bian, former
chairwoman of the Mindanao Business Council, is for the region to market itself.

"The investments will not [come] immediately; investors will still need to see
the act of Congress [on the Bangsamoro basic law] and [the result of the]
referendum," said Ms. Bian, adding that she is also considering investing in the
area.

The government, she added, should invest heavily in infrastructure to prepare
the areas for the influx of investments.

Ms. Bian is among the biggest school administrators in the region and focuses on
tourism and other service-related courses. She suggested that tourism is one
other big industry that needs to be developed but said: "Investments in tourism
will definitely be a long wait."

Mr. Montenegro said development will not be confined in the region, though,
because other areas "will definitely benefit from the peace dividends."

Davao City, considered Mindanao's center for trade and commerce, is expected to
be among such areas that will benefit even before the investments take off.

"New companies will have their offices here as they start their investments in
the ARMM because it has all the facilities that they need, and it's near their
areas of investments," he said, adding that companies may either build their own
offices or rent spaces in newly built structures.

As a result, Mr. Montenegro added, the services sector of the city will also
benefit as investors and their officials will need them as they start out.

Davao City has also become one of the go-to place of investors from the region.
Officials of property development companies confirmed that many of the buyers in
their projects, either for investments or residences, are from the region.

It is timely, said Tourism Assistant Secretary Arturo P. Boncato, Jr., that the
city has also been identified as an area whose human resources will be trained,
as part of the $71-million assistance from the Asian Development Bank and the
Canadian government, through the Canadian International Development Agency.
Other areas to benefit are the provinces of Bohol, Cebu and Palawan.

Still, companies may have second thoughts on investing because of danger
perceived despite the agreement signing, observers have noted.

Mr. Bandila assured these investors that, as long as they coordinate with
government agencies, "their investments are safe."

The risks, he said, are mere perception. "But since it is hard to eliminate the
perception, it would be better for them to deal only with government offices and
must not resort to under-the-table arrangements," he said.

ARMM Governor Mujiv S. Hataman told BusinessWorld in an earlier interview that
his administration will make sure that investors and their investments are
protected.

"Any worker or official of the regional government will face the consequences if
they ask for bribes," Mr. Hataman said.

Assurance may also come from local investors that lead the way. Bai Sandra S.
Siang, external vice-president of the Muslim Chamber of Commerce and Industry of
Kutawato, told BusinessWorld that local investors need to "place their money
where their mouths are" because they are the ones who know the business
environment.

Ms. Siang said that the region's business leaders "must also start helping"
raise new investors' confidence that the region "is a good place for their
capital."

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 997 DOCUMENTS


              The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 6, 2013 Saturday

Farmers: Immigration change needed

BYLINE: Gene Zaleski, The Times and Democrat, Orangeburg, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 923 words


July 06--COLUMBIA -- Bowman farmer Landy Weathers says the dairy business is a
year-round operation and year-round workers are needed if dairy farmers are
going to survive.

"Cows don't turn it on and turn it off like peaches. There is no such a thing as
a dairy season," said Weathers, who owns a 400-cow operation with his brother,
South Carolina Commissioner of Agriculture Hugh Weathers.

That's why a proposal in the Agriculture Reform, Food and Jobs Act of 2013 -- or
the "farm bill" -- to replace the current visa program for seasonal workers with
a year-long visa or temporary worker program was very attractive.

"You have to have workers. Even with increased unemployment rates, we have not
seen any influx or great demand for our jobs," Weathers said. "Americans don't
want to do that kind of work."

There are about eight dairy farms left in Orangeburg County, he said.

Weathers joined about a dozen state agriculture officials during a Friday
morning press conference at the South Carolina Farmers Market to discuss state
and federal legislation affecting agriculture.

S.C. Farm Bureau president David Winkles led the discussion of the federal farm
bill and immigration reform, plus the state's road and bridge infrastructure.

As it relates to immigration reform, Weathers said he understands the concerns
about illegal immigration.

"It is a tough call," he said. "We are citizens of the United States and we hate
to see somebody benefitting without doing what we all do and that is pay our
taxes. A lot them (illegal immigrants) do and a lot of them don't pay taxes."

But Weathers said he is supportive of the immigration plan developed by Sen.
Lindsay Graham and others.

"I think it will have a lot of difficulty in the House," Weathers said. "I think
there is a lot more partisanship in the House than in the Senate. There are
extremes on both sides."

Winkles said ensuring American's food supply requires foreign labor.

"Between $5 and $9 billion worth of annual economic production is in jeopardy if
our farm employee shortage is not addressed and addressed soon," Winkles said.
"Congress is looking at ways to enable farmers to employ year-round labor that
would provide them a consistent, reliable legal workforce throughout the year."

Winkles said, "We have farms here in South Carolina that need 300 workers but
due to federal programs they are only allowed to bring in 200. ... We want to
bring stability. It is such an issue with states passing different immigrant
laws. It really drives an economy underground."

Winkles said farmers -- particularly dairy farmers -- are also concerned about
the farm bill.

The House and Senate took up the separate bills, with the Senate able to pass a
version, but not the House. If the Senate bill passes the House, it would
replace the current farm bill, which is set to expire September 2013.

Under the farm bill, the dairy program would do away with current price supports
and allow farmers to purchase a new kind of insurance that pays out when the gap
between the price they receive for milk and their feed costs narrows.

The program is voluntary, but farmers who participate also would have to sign up
for a so-called market stabilization or supply management program that could
dictate production cuts when oversupply drives down prices.

The idea is to break the cycle in which milk prices drop and farmers produce
more to pay their bills, flooding the market and forcing prices down further.

Newberry dairyman Rick Doran, chairman of the SCFB dairy committee, said the
supply management program would be "terribly, terribly, hard" in a milk-deficit
area like South Carolina.

"There are not enough milk producers here locally to keep up with the demand as
it is," Doran said.

He said, "The farmers in the Southeast or in any deficit area would be taking a
three-time hit if the margin insurance is mandated with the supply management
contract."

Weathers said South Carolina produces about 30 percent of the milk which is
consumed in the state. About 70 percent of milk comes from beyond the state.

Winkles said if the farm bill expires without passage, then prices will revert
back to a 1949 farm bill which would result in higher food prices.

"Milk, for example, would triple in cost," Winkles said.

Including dairy, Winkles said agribusiness is the state's largest business
sector, contributing $34 billion and 200,000 jobs to the state's economy
annually.

Winkles also noted there is much confusion about the farm bill. Food & Nutrition
programs, formerly known as food stamps, make up about 78 percent of the farm
bill's funding with commodity programs and crop insurance making up about 15
percent.

"The safety net available for farmers in the farm bill only kicks in when there
are natural disasters or prices are low helping farmers when we need it the
most," Winkles said. "Today farmers operate in a global market and we need a
level playing field in the area of international trade."

In regards to infrastructure, Winkles said more money is needed to help for
roads and bridges in the state.

"We have watched a slow and steady deterioration of our roads and bridges, often
causing farmers to go miles out of their way just to be able to operate in an
adjacent field which happens to be separated by a deteriorated bridge," Winkles
said. "We cannot afford to continue to wait."

Contact the writer: gzaleski@timesanddemocrat.com or 803-533-5551.

___ (c)2013 The Times and Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) Visit The Times and
Democrat (Orangeburg, S.C.) at thetandd.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130706-GG-Farmers-Immigration-change-needed-20130706

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GG


                     Copyright 2013 The Times and Democrat


                              351 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   Arab News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

KSA ready for Ramadan influx of Umrah pilgrims

LENGTH: 278 words


VISION: Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed
bin Naif at Monday's Cabinet meeting, which was chaired by the king at Al-Salam
Palace in Jeddah. (SPA)

JEDDAH: The Kingdom has completed all preparations for the influx of millions of
pilgrims into the country for Ramadan, the Council of Ministers announced
Monday.

At a meeting chaired by Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Salman at
Al-Salam Palace in Jeddah on Monday, the monarch was reassured that the country
was ready to offer a safe and secure visit for pilgrims, according to a
statement issued by Culture and Information Minister Adel Al-Toraifi to SPA.
Al-Toraifi said the Cabinet thanked King Salman for overseeing the expansion and
development of the two holy mosques and holy sites, in conjunction with Crown
Prince Mohammed bin Naif, chairman of the Supreme Haj Committee; and for his
patronage through the crown prince of the 16th Scholarly Forum on Haj and Umrah
organized by Umm Al-Qura University.
At the outset of the session, King Salman welcomed the GCC leaders who will
attend their 16th consultative meeting in Jeddah on Tuesday, and prayed that
their deliberations would improve the standard of living for all people of the
region. He also briefed the Cabinet on his meeting with British Foreign
Secretary Philip Hammond.
The Cabinet thanked King Salman for exempting farmers of the Arabian Shield
areas from paying their loans to the Agricultural Development Fund because of
the drought. They also welcomed his attendance at the final match between
Al-Ahli and Al-Nasr, which showed his support for young people.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/7/9/14/146467447526.jpg



LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 9


           Copyright 2016 Arab News - Saudi Research & Publishing Co.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 997 DOCUMENTS



               South Burnett Times and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                                  May 29, 2015

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 158  words


THE University of Southern Queensland (USQ) is growing its research capabilities
with an increase in personnel working on an ever-broadening range of projects,
and adding to the university's academic strength.

More than 30 additional scientists and technicians have come on board in recent
months, and USQ is now looking to expand the footprint of its research
facilities to welcome the influx.

USQ Vice-Chancellor and President Professor Jan Thomas said the university's
Institute for Agriculture and the Environment (IAgE) research centres are the
main areas where research capabilities are expanding.

"USQ post-graduate students benefit from supervisors with a wealth of experience
and these successful relationships bolster our research outcomes," she said.

Among the new staff are scientists and technicians working in areas such as
plant pathology and climate science who previously worked for the Queensland
Department of Agriculture and Fisheries.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TRW


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

From the weeklies

LENGTH: 653 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Editor's note: Each Sunday, the Post Register gathers news from the weekly
newspapers in Shelley, Rigby and Challis and summarizes the highlights. For
information on these stories or to comment, email news@postregister.com

Bailey honored

From the Challis Messenger:

Custer County Farm Bureau named Janett Bailey the 2016 Ranch Woman of the Year.
Janett really is a ranch wife because bees are considered livestock. Have you
ever tried to herd a queen bee into a corral and brand her? Then had to train
the queen to lay in the right cell to raise more queens? Sometimes Janett had to
intervene and graft the larva and mother the cells to make sure they were well
fed and warm. That takes some kind of dedicated herder!

Honorable send off

From the Challis Messenger:

Take your retired Christmas tree to Land of the Yankee Fork Interpretive Center
and add to the pile that will be ceremoniously burned next week.

Participate in the long-standing local tradition of dropping off your old
Christmas trees at the Interpretive Center to help create a pile worthy of the
big burn at 6 p.m., Friday, January 13.

Just deposit your tree and aging greenery where all the other trees are piled.
Can't miss it. There is no cost.

County sees influx in road money

From the Jefferson Star:

Jefferson County's Road and Bridge department is experiencing an influx of cash
thanks to state gas taxes and vehicle registration fees.

The Jefferson County Board of Commissioners were pleased to hear that the
department would end with a surplus of $460,000 in 2016. The total spent by the
department was $3.35 million, which was still $235,000 less than revenue. That,
added with the carryover from the year prior left the department with $460,000
in reserve to begin 2017. Local taxes raised $850,000, with the remainder coming
from sources like gas tax.

Architect suggests long-term plan for annex

From the Jefferson Star:

The proposed annex building to be constructed on Jefferson County Courthouse
grounds might have to be 10,000 square feet per level to fit the county's needs.

At a Dec. 15 meeting of the Jefferson County Board of Commissioners, Magistrate
Judge Robert Crowley Jr., and District Judge Alan Stephens presented their "wish
lists" which in 20 years would greatly expand the current space the county's
courtrooms take up.

The courthouse also needs a jury room. The one built with the courthouse in 2007
is currently being used for office space for the courts. Jurors are meeting in
an unoccupied courtroom during a trial.

Storms keep Shelley road crew busy

From the Shelley Pioneer:

With an onslaught of winter storms, Justin Johnson and his Public Works
Department crew have toiled 16-hour days to dig out Shelley roads.

The timing for a blizzard on Christmas Day was unfortunate since it would
prevent some much-needed time off, but despite a parade of heavy snowfall, long
hours, and frustration, the crew remains positive.

Johnson clocks in at 4:30 a.m. and often heads home about 9 p.m. With three
snowplows, three dump trucks, a grader, backhoe, and garbage truck, six of the
seven workers are on constant snow removal duty. And when the garbage route is
complete, seven men are hard at it.

Big project looms in Firth's future

From the Shelley Pioneer:

Firth Mayor Vincent Larson thinks that the year 2016 was a financially
productive year. While 2016 was a successful year for Firth, there is an urgent
concern weighing on the minds of the city council for the year of 2017.

The main issue currently affecting the city of Firth is the pending sewer line
replacement. The sewer lines in Firth are decades old and in dire need of repair
and replacement. This project is a huge undertaking and won't be accomplished
without years of planning, approval and of course the proper funding.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                             April 24, 2006 Monday
                                 First Edition

Immigrants have boosted UK growth, says study

BYLINE: By Susie Mesure

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 58

LENGTH: 297 words


The stereotypical image of Polish builders and cleaners has been blown apart by
research showing that one in three immigrants from "new Europe" into the UK are
taking up office managerial posts.

The influx of Eastern European migrants has bolstered British economic growth,
helped to keep interest rates low and kept the lid on inflation, a report out
today from the Ernst & Young Item Club says.

About 300,000 citizens of the 10 countries that joined the European Union two
years ago have taken new jobs in the UK, which was one of only three countries
that granted the immigrants full rights to join its workforce.

Item, which uses the Treasury's forecasting model, says interest rates are half
a percentage point lower than they would have been without the influx of new,
cheap workers.

It calculates the new workforce will boost UK growth by 0.2 per cent this year,
and 0.4 per cent in 2007. The migrants will pay pounds 300m into the Treasury's
coffers this year.

Professor Peter Spencer, chief economic adviser to Item, says the economic
benefits of immigration have been greater because the new arrivals have settled
down all over Britain and not just in major urban centres.

"The UK workforce has been younger, more flexible and economical, easing the
pensions burden and keeping interest rates lower than many commentators could
have predicted."

Nearly one-third of entrants in 2005 took up positions in administration,
business and management services, compared with just 4 per cent in the
construction industry and 12 per cent in agriculture.

"The stereotype of the Polish plumber is well wide of the mark," the report
says.

Professor Spencer believes the overall increase in the workforce helps to
explain why unemployment has been increasing even as employment has risen
strongly.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          THE DAILY TELEGRAPH(LONDON)

                          February 04, 2004, Wednesday

Will benefit tourists flood Britain? Concern grows over an expected influx of
Czechs and Slovaks to Britain after countries join European Union on May 1.
Philip Johnston reports

BYLINE: by Philip Johnston

SECTION: News; International: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 748 words

TONY Blair has ordered senior ministers to draw up measures aimed at stopping
abuse of Britain's benefits system when 10 countries join the European Union on
May 1.

His move reflects deepening concern that Britain could become a magnet for
nationals from the EU accession countries, because many other EU countries have
shut their doors to the new members for up to seven years.

There are specific worries about a possible influx of Roma (gipsies) from the
Czech and Slovak republics, though an investigation by The Daily Telegraph
suggests the numbers are small.

It is expected that the majority of east Europeans travelling to Britain will
want to work here rather than claim benefits. Many have already arrived and have
taken jobs in the "black" economy, as waiters or nannies.

Under EU rules, a citizen of a member state is free to travel and work in any
other. However, when the treaty expanding the EU to 25 countries was agreed last
year, existing member states were given the option to restrict entry to the new
arrivals until 2011.

Britain, however, decided to extend new members full access rights from May 1
and is currently the only sizeable country in the EU offering full freedom of
movement rights to countries with a combined population of 73 million.

The Government maintains this will benefit the UK by supplying much needed
workers for the construction, agriculture and leisure industries. But now that
other countries have reversed earlier decisions to permit access, ministers are
having to reconsider Britain's position amid fears of a growth in "benefit
tourism".

A Home Office spokesman said that Mr Blair, David Blunkett, the Home Secretary,
and Andrew Smith, the Work and Pensions Secretary, were "working up a sensible
package of measures that will fit with EU and UK law to stop specific areas of
abuse."

Options include tightening the so-called habitual residence test whereby an EU
national must be a genuine "worker" to qualify for income support or housing
benefit.

Ministers are also making clear that they will reimpose restrictions under the
EU Accession Act, passed by parliament last year, if "there is a real threat to
UK jobs". These could apply across the board or in certain sectors such as IT or
agriculture. Restrictions could be imposed on citizens from specified countries.

There is no certainty how many people from eastern Europe will take up the
opportunity to work in Britain. The Home Office commissioned a study last year
from University College, London, which suggested the numbers would range between
5,000 and 13,000. This was based on the experience when Portugal, Greece and
Spain joined the EU in the mid-1980s.

But independent analysts have questioned these assumptions. Prof Mervyn Stone,
another academic at University College, said: "The report's low predictions of
net migration for the UK are not based on any convincing modelling."

Migrationwatch UK, a think-tank that monitors immigration trends, said all
estimates "come down to guesswork", though it suggested an annual migration of
40,000 from eastern Europe would be more plausible.

It added: "If the Roma start to migrate to the UK, the total could be much
higher . . . No account has been taken of the fact that, unlike Britain, the
other major economies of the EU have decided to impose restrictions on labour
migration."

Thousands of Roma have travelled to western Europe in the past decade to claim
asylum on the grounds that they are discriminated against in their homeland.
Britain rejected the vast majority of these applications and introduced tough
controls at Prague airport to stop Roma travelling to the UK.

The Government admits it has no idea how many of the 750,000 Czech and Slovak
Roma might now use their new rights as EU nationals to make the journey to
Britain.

Beverley Hughes, a Home Office minister, said: "None of the research has been
able to predict exact numbers expected from specific countries or ethnic groups
to the UK. Roma would have been included in the overall numbers."

She added: "Citizens of the new member states who come to the UK will work,
contribute to the economy and pay taxes. The habitual residence test will ensure
that no one can simply come here and claim benefits."

However, provided they have a "genuine" intention to work in the UK, European
Union nationals are exempt from the test. They would be able to claim benefits
if they lost their job, though each case is treated on its merit.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 Telegraph Group Limited


                              356 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 7, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Urban development plows farmland under;
Exodus erodes more acreage

BYLINE: Tracy Walmer; Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 843 words

DATELINE: POOLESVILLE, Md.


Visitors have a long trek to find some hustle and bustle on Dave Weitzer's
230-acre dairy farm - over rolling pastures, down a dirt lane and behind a barn
in boot-sucking mud where farmhands are repairing a shed.

But tranquility ends about three miles down the road, where bulldozers are
leveling pastureland to make room for five new subdivisions. New homes will sell
for up to $ 300,000.

''Farmers are being squeezed,'' says Weitzer.

In McHenry, Ill. - 45 miles from Chicago - vegetable farmer Ed Meier is
struggling to cope with a new subdivision next door.

Though Meier is reluctant to discuss it, McHenry County Farm Bureau head Larry
Harris explains: ''He's had kids come over, pick vegetables and trample his
fields.''

 Indeed, the USA's booming metropolitan areas are invading farmland and farming
communities. Nearly two-thirds of the USA's farmland is on the fringes of a
metropolitan area.

What's more, the USA lost 2.3 percent of its farmland from 1982 to 1987,
continuing a steady decline that began in 1950.

In the Central Valley - one of California's most productive farming regions -
Merced County officials are bracing for the inevitable influx of urban
newcomers.

Skyrocketing housing costs in the San Francisco Bay area are prompting more and
more people to buy as far south as Merced County - despite the 80- mile commute
over a mountain pass.

''Traditionally the San Joaquin Valley has been a place that you have to go
through to get somewhere,'' says Merced County planner Bob Smith. ''But that's
changing.''

The trend is causing conflicts between the new settlers and the existing rural
communities.

''We are ending up with urban people in farm settings,'' says Maxwell Norton of
the University of California Cooperative Extension Service. ''They demand
city-level services from the county and are intolerant of the noisy, dusty,
smelly, farming practices all around them.''

The development influx also has local governments struggling to cope,
particularly when developers arrive with tantalizing offers - and promises of a
growing tax base.

''These small towns are ill-equipped to deal with Chicago developers who come
out here in their three-piece, pin-striped suits and their Gucci loafers''
promising increased tax revenues from the developments, says McHenry resident
Jerry Paulson.

County Board chairwoman Ann Hughes, a farmer, agrees about the danger. ''The
potential is there for the county to turn into a sprawling metropolis,'' she
says. The county ''is like a big puzzle, but we don't have control of all the
pieces.''

Meanwhile, state and local governments are taking steps to preserve vital
farmland.

Two of the USA's top farm states - New York and California - are considering new
farm-preservation measures; Pennsylvania, under a new $ 100 million program,
just paid to preserve a 173-acre Lancaster County farm from development.

On March 28, California's Senate begins considering a $ 200 million preservation
measure that would go on the November ballot.

Will Shafroth, of the American Farmland Trust's regional office in California,
expects widespread support for the measure if it makes it onto the ballot.

''People genuinely have a very soft spot in the hearts for farmers and for
agriculture,'' he says. ''At some point in our past, we
all hail from that.''    Until now, efforts to protect local farms have

produced a mixed bag of results. In the past decade, Montgomery County, Md., has
spent $ 3.5 million and used special zoning measures to preserve farmland,
including property in Poolesville.

Regulations mandating one-house-per-25-acres density have preserved open space -
but some say it's at the expense of affordability.

''That's neither fish nor fowl,'' scoffs Poolesville mayor and lifelong resident
Charles Elgin. ''It's not a farm and it's not a building site. It's an estate.''

In McHenry, growth continues despite a plethora of new local ordinances. Long
lines of rush-hour traffic snake along Routes 47, 31 and 120 in and near
McHenry. Fast-food franchises clog the sides of the road.

''That was a cornfield six months ago,'' says McHenry resident Bryan Petrucci,
pointing to a parcel of land just north of McHenry along Route 31 where a
Wal-Mart now stands.

TEXT OF GRAPHIC

Farms found near urban areas
Across the USA, nearly 63 percent of farmland is in or near metropolitan areas
and vulnerable to development:

Farmland location:
In or adjacent to metro area
Pacific         83%
Mountain        34%

Southern Plains 71
Northern Plains 20%
Lake            72%
Corn Belt       33%
Delta           48%
Southeast       80%
Appalachia      59%
Northeast       86%

In rural area
Pacific          17%
Mountain         66%

Southern Plains 29%
Northern Plains 80%
Lake             28%
Corn Belt        67%
Delta            52%
Southeast        20%
Appalachia       41%
Northeast        14%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  color, John Sherlock, USA TODAY, Source: Agriculture Department (Map,
USA, Drawing, barn, city, graphs); PHOTO; color, David Klobucar, AP (Ann
Hughes); PHOTO; color, Timothy A. Murphy (Dave Weitzer)

CUTLINE: IN ILLINOIS: Ann Hughes, McHenry County Board chairman, says, 'The
potential is there for the county to turn into a sprawling metropolis.' CUTLINE:
IN MARYLAND: Subdivisions are being built near Dave Weitzer's Poolesville farm.

Ribbon Label; SPREADING CITIES PUT FARMERS IN A BIND; 3

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            February 12, 2007 Monday

SUGAR FARMERS ARE SOUR ON PLAN TO GUIDE OUTPUT

BYLINE: BILL TOMSON

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 42 words


Commodities Report notes the Agriculture Dept, getting ready for the possibility
of big influxes of sugar from Mexico, wants the ability to cut domestic
production by modifying its complex price-support system; moves riles farmers
and some US lawmakers (M)

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

Cameroonian official says government doing everything possible to avert famine

LENGTH: 281 words


Text of report by French state-funded public broadcaster Radio France
Internationale on 27 February

[Presenter] Gamboru, a Nigerian town that borders Cameroon in the north was
under attack from Boko Haram. The Extreme North region of Cameroon, is facing a
heavy influx of refugees from Nigeria. The region is also threatened by famine
due to consistent attacks by Boko Haram. Many farmers fled their farms.

Last month, farmers harvested grains that weighed at 130,000 tonnes less than
what is required. But according to Momini Abubakar [phonetic], the coordinator
at the Ministry of Agriculture, the Cameroonian government is doing all it can
to avoid a famine.

[Abubakar] We need to first tone down the situation. Not all the regions in the
north have rice plantations. There Agriculture and Livestock Council is in the
region to help citizens get out of poverty and increase their revenue.

There are several other investments that have been made and policies are being
made to improve the people's livelihood. We should defuse the situation in
relation to food and security matters. It is only in the towns of Maroua,
Garoua, Ngaoundere where there are a few problems.

[Laleix] But certain individuals say there is a food crisis in the area.

[Abubakar] If the crisis continues, that may occur. We have reached the end of
the rainy season in these zones and it's the beginning of the dry spell. But we
believe between now and the next rainy season in May the zone will be secure and
citizens can plant and we will be able to juggle this food crisis. The
government is preparing itself to prevent this crisis from happening.

Source: Radio France Internationale, Paris, in French 0530 gmt 27 Feb 15

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rural Areas Must Revise Bond Issuing, Study Says

                          February 16, 1983, Wednesday


Rural communities will have to revise their methods of issuing bonds as they
increase their outstanding debt, according to a report by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

The study, written by Patrick Sullivan, an economist in the department's
economic research service, said, ''Although their debt burdens remain low, local
governments in non-metro areas have increased outstanding debt at a faster rate
over the last two decades than have governments in metro areas.

''The current movement toward state tax limitations and the tightening of
federal budgets may force rural governments to increase reliance on bond
financing,'' Mr. Sullivan added. This contrasts sharply with the 1970s, he said,
when a big influx of state and federal money ''made coping with the continuing
population and economic growth of small towns and rural areas easier for local
officials.''

This is especially noteworthy, Mr. Sullivan said, because many rural governments
now must use borrowed funds to finance projects that were previously paid for
with federal aid. These projects include capital construction programs, roads,
schools, and water and sewer systems.

The Agriculture Department report pointed out that rural governments used almost
25% of the proceeds from their bond sales in 1977 for such ''private purpose''
projects as pollution control and industrial development, compared with less
than 8% for big cities.

''These two business-related uses of public funds...are particularly important
in the less urban and totally rural areas,'' Mr. Sullivan said. ''These are
areas which experienced considerable manufacturing employment growth in the
'70s.''

Although rural governments have been ''remarkably successful'' in selling
long-term tax-exempt bonds, the report said, ''If the cost of much-needed
construction projects is to be held down, rural governments are going to have to
change their borrowing techniques.''

Mr. Sullivan said that small-town governments can reduce their borrowing costs
by selling competitive rather than negotiated issues. He noted that several
states have technical assistance programs to help rural officials sell their
bonds more economically.

In addition, he said that some small-town issuers increase the credit rating of
their bonds by selling them through a state supervisory program. Mr. Sullivan
said, however, that many rural officials and residents might oppose this out of
a fear of losing autonomy.

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 412 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1983 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              360 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            October 11, 1991, Friday

Gamble grew into a farming success

BYLINE: Michael Hornsby

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 720 words


A hundred years ago farmers had to take chances to survive. With subsidy cuts in
the offing that is still true today, writes Michael Hornsby

IN THE autumn of 1891, James Alexander, a 54-year-old smallholder in
Renfrewshire, decided to move south with his wife, Jane, their four children, 20
Ayrshire cows, one bull and an assortment of milking stools, pails and churns to
take up the vacant tenancy of a 102-acre farm at Eynsford, Kent, at a rent of
Pounds 150 a year.

A hundred years on, as many farmers bewail falling incomes and shrinking
prospects, the third and fourth generations of the dynasty established by that
Scottish migrant preside over 1,970 acres of profitable arable and grazing land,
supporting 420 dairy and beef cattle and producing cereals, oilseed rape,
apples, hops and dried flowers.

The flowers are the family's latest venture, introduced in the past five years,
but already bringing in more money than anything else. Some 60 species of
flowers and grasses are grown on 30 acres, cut by hand between June and
September and dried in high-temperature kilns. The demand has exceeded all
expectations.

William Alexander, aged 67, the grandson of James, has written a book
chronicling this century of farming survival and expansion. It is to be launched
on Tuesday at the National Farmers' Union in Knightsbridge, central London, in
the presence of John Gummer, the agriculture minister, whose pet theme is the
need for farmers to diversify.

A hundred years ago, as now, agriculture was in turmoil. From the early 1870s an
influx of cheap grain, chiefly from the United States, had forced many cereal
growers out of business, creating openings for enterprising livestock farmers
able to benefit from cheaper feedstuff. James Alexander was one of many Scottish
farmers who settled in Kent and Essex at the time.

''Considering he was already in his fifties, my grandfather took quite a
gamble,'' Mr Alexander said yesterday. ''He saw the potential of being situated
so close to the expanding urban market of London. If today's farmers are going
to survive the subsidy cuts that are in the offing, they will have to take
chances too, and be ready to seize new opportunities.''

In 1908, Mr Alexander's father, also called William, took over the Eynsford farm
and began a process of renting and buying more land that has continued almost to
the present day. The family's holdings gradually expanded to absorb a dozen
farms and now stretch across the valley of the River Darent from Farningham in
the north to Shoreham in the south.

Rising demand for home-grown food during the first world war pushed up the
prices of milk, cereals, cabbages and potatoes, creating enough surplus income
for Mr Alexander's father to make his first land purchase in 1917.  The dairy
herd was increased and a milk round started. Further acquisitions of land in the
Twenties and Thirties added hops and apple orchards. A caterpillar-track
tractor, fuelled by a mixture of petrol and paraffin, was bought in 1937.

At this point the story of the farming Alexanders might have come to an abrupt
end. ''There were plans for siting a new airport for London at Hulberry, near
Lullingstone, and that would effectively have put an end to farming in this
area,'' Mr Alexander said. ''But then the second world war intervened and the
developers later switched their interest to Heathrow.''

The Luftwaffe seemed only a minor threat by comparison. ''We were on the direct
bombing route to London and there was considerable damage to buildings and
animals. We slept every night for more than a year in a dug-out in the garden.
At the climax of the Battle of Britain, a Dornier bomber was shot down over
Castle Farm at Shoreham.''

Peacetime brought new challenges. ''After the war, mechanisation was the
watchword, like computerisation today. We bought our first combine harvester in
1948. Up until then, we had been entirely reliant on the steam engine and
thresher, which required a team of 10 people to operate.''

After the death of their father in 1957, at the age of 75, Mr Alexander and his
brother, James, assumed full responsibility for the enterprise. Now they are in
semi-retirement and have passed the day-to-day running of the various farms to
their sons, James, Robert and William.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 Times Newspapers Limited


                              361 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 June 09, 2013

Dankwambo Demands Federal Presence in Gombe

BYLINE: Adebiyi Adedapo

LENGTH: 689 words


Gombe State Governor, Ibrahim Hassan Dankwambo, has called on the federal
government to provide basic infrastructural facilities to the people of the
state, so as to ensure smooth running to the government.

Dankwambo made this demand in Gombe during a chat with journalists on assessment
visit to the state.

The governor also said that Gombe State government was expecting a refund of
N620 billion expended on the Kanawa-kuri-Jorogutel road, which was constructed
by the Dankwambo-led administration from the federal government.

He noted that the 54killometers road with some connecting access roads links to
the most fertile part of the state in terms of agriculture and other resources,
thereby was considered a priority projects by the state government within the
first two years of his administration.

The governor said basic facilities such as water supply, access roads and a
federal secretariat should be made available for the effective functioning of
every government, thereby urging the federal government to spread
infrastructures across all states of the federation so as to give every Nigerian
state a sense of belonging.

According to him, lack of a federal secretariat in the state had resulted to
pressure on the few building available which in-turn inflates the costs of rent.

"The federal government is bringing its offices here, the federal government
requires an office, if they don't have a secretariat there will be too much
pressure on the few houses that are around and that will inflate costs," he
said.

The governor disclosed that the population of residents in the state have
increased recently due to influx of people from neighbouring states facing
security challenges, maintaining that the working environment which had been
made available to virtually all the states of the federation should also be
built in Gombe State.

"Federal government secretariat which is a working environment that is there in
all states should be made available to all the states, spread in development
should also be encouraged so that everybody should feel the impact of being one
nation, one destiny. For government to function it requires to have certain
things and these things are basic, so what we are saying is that certain basic
things that are ordinarily the threshold should be provided and must be
provided," he added.

Dankwanbo who noted that the state government couldn't charge water rate due to
poor supply of the facility, said influx of migrants from neighbouring states
has forced the state to pump its treated water four times on daily basis as
against only one time, which has also increased the cost of maintenance.

"I cannot even charge water rates unlike in some other places where water is
already provided, dams have been built and piped. We now run the water four
times, and monthly or quarterly costs of maintenance is about N242 million, we
used to pump the water only once, but because of the influx of people into Gombe
from neighbouring states that are in one kind of situation or the other, we pump
the water four times now on a daily basis, so these are all the kind of
pressures on us which also reduces our efforts to ensure that other areas that
do not have water has," he added.

He however urged the federal government to ensure notable federal presence in
the state to as to ease the burden on the state government, as that some states
of the federation were already enjoying infrastructures provided by the federal
government and even collecting taxes on some.

"What is different in some other states is that facilities are there that you
will tighten the controls around it and generate revenue, there's no need to
build Victoria Island all over again, there's no need to build Ikoyi all over
again, the houses are there, federal government built them there a long time
ago. But we are not lamenting because we are coming-up too, and one day we will
get to where they are, the most important thing is that we are optimally using
the little resources we have to maximize benefits for our people, like you have
seen, our objectives targets general upliftment of the welfare of our people,"
he concluded.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                                 March 17, 2014

Ekiti Moves to Avert Farmers-Herders Clash

BYLINE: Saawua Terzungwe

LENGTH: 213 words


The Ekiti State government has set up a 50 man task force to put an end to the
alleged destruction of farms across the state by herdsmen.

Speaking at a meeting with stakeholders and victims of the alleged crime, the
Secretary to the State Government Dr. Ganiyu Owolabi said the move was to find a
permanent solution to the ugly trend.

He expressed worry that the herdsmen reportedly destroyed between six and seven
hectares of farm crops on a daily basis across the state adding that it has
become a serious cause for concern as it threatened government's huge investment
in agriculture.

He sympathized with those whose crops were destroyed by the herdsman especially
Alhaji Giringi whose about 100,000 hectares of maize and yam farms valued at
about N80 million along Ijan road was attacked and destroyed by suspected
herdsmen.

State Commissioner of Agriculture and Natural Resources, Mr. Jide Arowosafe said
there was an influx of Fulani herders in the state adding that many farms
including those of Y-CAD participants were reportedly destroyed by the herdsmen
in recent times.

He advised the herdsmen to take advantage of the grazing facility at Irele-Ekiti
assuring that government would replicate the facility in all local government
areas as a way of curbing herdsmen's excesses.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

'The Syrians are coming'; With scarce jobs and few resources, Jordanians no
longer feel as welcoming to their neighbours from across the border

BYLINE: Tom Blackwell, National Post

SECTION: WORLD; In Ramtha, Jordan; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 928 words

DATELINE: RAMTHA, Jordan


Like many of their fellow Jordanians, Hamzi Dardur and his two friends initially
welcomed the Syrians who began surging across the nearby border last year. After
all, their neighbours were fleeing one of the nastiest civil wars the region has
ever seen.

Now, the young men are not feeling so magnanimous.

All have recently lost their jobs in this border town's service industry,
replaced by Syrian refugees willing to work for a fraction of the wage. Mr.
Dardur was fired from his position in a local shop, his former wage of $290 a
month -- hardly a king's ransom -- now used to employ four Syrians.

Meanwhile, sick and injured refugees are also clogging the area's hospitals, the
Jordanians complained.

"God help them, but at the same time, they have harmed the country," said
another friend, Ali Mussa Al Zurbi.

"We are a country with no agriculture, no water and no natural resources. We are
a poor country that depends on international aid. And now the Syrians are
coming."

As refugees continue to pour across the frontier -- 500,000 so far, with
predictions the visitors could make up a stunning 40% of the tiny nation's
population by mid-2014 -- Jordan's vaunted openness to asylum seekers is coming
under serious strain.

The influx has only worsened an economy already suffering from 14% unemployment,
strained the country's limited supplies of drinking water, and burdened health
care and other public services. There is nothing yet like the backlash seen
against Syrians in Turkey after the terrorist bombings there, but resentment is
simmering.

There have been reports of scuffles between Jordanians and Syrians in some
towns, and a widespread irritation with the influx, roughly equivalent to Canada
absorbing 2.6 million refugees from the United States in less than a year.

Abdullah Mohammed, a Syrian also living in Ramtha, said many Jordanians continue
to treat him and his family with kindness and respect. Others, however, abuse
and exploit the Syrians, he said, citing his landlord and rent that is three
times what Jordanians would be charged.

Some "curse at us, they say 'Go to hell, we don't want you,' "Mr. Mohammed said.
"Sometimes we hear the cursing, but we ignore it."

The Jordanian government itself is still eager to portray the nation as
open-hearted, instructing soldiers to proclaim "Welcome to Jordan" as refugees
stumble across the border, said Dr. Christopher Phillips, an expert on the Arab
Middle East at Queen Mary, University of London, in Britain.

Ordinary people, especially in the north where many have relatives in southern
Syria, were also welcoming of the newcomers at first, he said. Then refugees
from other parts of the country started arriving, and the overall numbers grew
astronomically, changing the dynamic.

"Jordan, for a country that has attracted large numbers of refugees, is probably
one of the least suited environments for refugees," Dr. Phillips said. "It
already has a mass unemployment problems ... To throw even cheaper labour into
the pot is going to really damage the local economy."

The rising tension raises the spectre of the sometimes frayed relations between
many Jordanians and those other refugees -- the three million Palestinians who
make a home in the country.

Most came in waves after the 1948 and 1967 Arab-Israeli wars, and almost all are
full Jordanian citizens. Yet they are not exactly equal, with Palestinians often
denied police, military and certain civil service jobs, and limited in their
access to higher education, Dr. Phillips said.

Then there was the Black September war in 1970-71, when the Palestinian
Liberation Organization under Yasser Arafat fought the government for control of
Jordan. The PLO was eventually defeated and forced into Lebanon.

What enmity still exists between the groups often erupts at soccer games between
the Palestinian-based Wahdat and Faisali, linked to East-Bank Jordanians of long
standing.

"Faisali-Wahdat games have a long history of hooliganism and politically
motivated violence," noted a 2009 U.S. embassy cable released by WikiLeaks,
suggesting the contests exposed a "growing rift" between the groups.

In Ramtha, the Syrian civil war has hit home in various ways, not least by a
drastic reduction in trade.

Adnan and Nadeen, two refugees who run a produce stand in town, say the
shrinking contingent of cross-border truckers must contend with corrupt and
trigger-happy Syrian troops on the trek into Jordan. One was shot dead several
days ago, they said, asking that their last names not be used.

Then there are those like Mr. Dardur who have suffered from the growing new,
cut-rate workforce. His friend, Yussuf Al-Turk, 21, lost his $390 a month
restaurant job to Syrians, and now mans a tiny cigarette booth for far less pay.
Ibrahim Hammad, 19, was also fired to make way for lower-cost refugee
replacements.

Mr. Mohammed, the Syrian, insists his people are not stealing work -- they're
just willing to do the menial jobs locals shun.

Regardless, the young Jordanians say the job market is not the only place they
feel the refugees' presence.

"The hospitals are full of Syrians, sick people and wounded," said Abdul Salam
Dardur, a municipal worker and cousin of the fired store clerk.

"They don't even have a place for the sick Jordanian person ... The Syrians are
taking our places everywhere."

The men say they don't want the refugees refused entry entirely, only barred
from their communities.

"We would prefer they keep them in [refugee] camps," Mr. Hammad said. "There is
no security in the country and they have destroyed lives."

tblackwell@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Tom Blackwell, National Post; Adnan runs a fruit  stand in Ramtha. He
says cross-border truckers must deal with  corrupt Syrian troops on the way to
Jordan.;
Photo: Tom Blackwell,  National Post; Yusuf Al-Turk lost his $390-a-month
restaurant job  to Syrians, and now works at a cigarette booth earning far
less.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 18, 1996 Wednesday

U.S. eyes bumper crop nervously  Sanction threat 'political measure'

BYLINE: BY SCOTT FESCHUK Parliamentary Bureau; STAFF REUT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


With a report from Reuters.  The United States, gazing uneasily at what will
likely be a record grain crop in Canada, warned yesterday that it may again seek
to impose quotas on Canadian wheat if shipments to the U.S. escalate
substantially.

Acting U.S. Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky and U.S. Agriculture
Secretary Dan Glickman vowed to "take action if necessary to avoid market
disruptions" that could be caused by a sudden surge of cheaper wheat from
Canada.

"The U.S. remains concerned about the possibility of wheat imports from Canada
again disrupting our market and causing financial hardship for U.S. producers,"
the two officials said in a statement.

U.S. producers, especially those in the northern states, claim to have suffered
financially from previous influxes of Canadian wheat and have in recent months
pressed the administration of U.S. President Bill Clinton to ensure that doesn't
happen again.

Canada's Agriculture Minister, Ralph Goodale, dismissed the announcement as
sabre-rattling designed to appease U.S. growers in the weeks before the U.S.
presidential and congressional elections in November.

It's unlikely that Canadian exports to the United States this year will exceed
1.5 million tonnes, the level at which U.S. trade officials would probably seek
to curtail Canadian wheat imports, Mr. Goodale said.

But even if more than 1.5 million tonnes is shipped, Canada would not be willing
to discuss voluntary restraints, Mr. Goodale said. What's more, new guidelines
under the World Trade Organization effectively render the United States
powerless in any attempt to control trade flows, he said.

"It's a nice political measure," agreed a Washington trade lawyer, "but there's
not really anything that the United States can do."

The United States is not a particularly important market for Canadian wheat. It
accounts for about 7 per cent of total exports, ranking far behind China, Japan,
Brazil and others.

Nevertheless, the trading relationship has been acrimonious. In 1994, a dispute
between the two countries prompted the United States to impose a 1.5 million
tonne quota on Canadian durum and other wheat.

The quota was lifted in September, 1995, after the rush of imports, which
reached 2.5 million tonnes in the 1993-94 crop year, slowed dramatically. In
1995-96, Canada sent only 930,000 tonnes of wheat across the American border.

After the quota was lifted in 1995, the United States said it would closely
monitor imports from Canada for a year. Yesterday, U.S. officials said
monitoring would continue for another 12 months -- and that they would quickly
request consultations with Canada if there are indications that imports will
exceed 1.5 million tonnes.

U.S. officials figure Canada will harvest 29 million tonnes of wheat and durum
in the 1996-97 crop year, up 15 per cent from the previous year. That, combined
with predictions that the world wheat harvest will rise 8 per cent this year,
has left U.S. producers nervous about potential cutthroat-price competition.

"[Canadian growers] are already looking to undercut U.S. prices," said Nelson
Denlinger, a spokesman for U.S. Wheat Associates, an industry export promotion
group that welcomed the U.S. government statement.

Canadian producers suggested their U.S. counterparts are being hypocritical.
"They call themselves free traders, but in practice it's only when it suits
them," said Alanna Koch, executive director of the Western Canadian Wheat
Growers Association.

However, the association also suggested the Canadian Wheat Board was not playing
fair with Canadian producers. Ms. Koch contends the board did not market as much
wheat as it could have in the United States last year in an effort to keep well
below the 1.5-million-tonne limit and keep the Americans happy. Wheat board
officials deny this.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Youths go on rampage in Kohima

BYLINE: H. Chishi

LENGTH: 357  words


Kohima, Aug. 25: Shops belonging to migrants from Bangladesh remained closed
today after a group of youths went on the rampage in downtown Kohima in protest
against a Naga girl's molestation at Phoolbari market last evening.

The girl was allegedly molested by a migrant identified as Shahin Ahmed. Police
immediately arrested the accused, who owns a shop at the market.

Today, a group of protesters forced all the shops, allegedly owned by
Bangladeshi migrants, to down shutters. They vandalised several shops at Old NST
area and set goods on fire. By the time the police arrived, all the goods were
reduced to ashes. However, North Kohima police station is just less than half a
kilometre away from the place of the incident.

So far, the police have not arrested anyone for today's arson and despite the
tense situation, there are hardly any deployment of police in downtown Kohima.

Several cases of rape and molestation, allegedly by migrants, have been taking
place here for the past few years.

A significant number of Muslim population in Dimapur and Kohima are engaged in
business, construction, agriculture and in various other sectors as the state is
facing acute shortage of labourers at present.

A sizeable population of labourers come here from Assam and Bihar in search of
jobs. A number of organisations have been asking the state government to check
influx.

Over the last couple of years, there have been several campaigns across Nagaland
to expel all migrants from Bangladesh. However, the authorities have been
randomly issuing inner-line permits to the migrants. Local people are
apprehensive that the demography of the state would soon change if influx is not
checked.

A Muslim man was lynched at Dimapur on March 5 last year after he was dragged
out of the Central Jail by a mob. With the initiatives of Naga organisations,
the situation came under control.

Recently, governor P.B. Acharya asked state to make the report of last year's
incident public and punish the culprits. The inquiry commission is yet to submit
its report to the government. All suspected persons involved in the incident
have also been released by the authorities.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      What the Papers Say Part B (Russia)

                             August 21, 2006 Monday

THE RESOURCES CURSE

BYLINE: Sergei Kulikov, Sergei Sklyarov

SECTION: PRESS EXTRACTS; No. 151

LENGTH: 438 words



HIGHLIGHT: Russia is becoming increasingly dependent on imports; Russia has
become the world's leading oil producer, overtaking Saudi Arabia. According to
OPEC, Russia was producing 9.236 million barrels a day in June - that's 46,000
more than Saudi Arabia. The record figures are exacerbating the symptoms of
what's known as Dutch Disease.


Russia has become the world's leading oil producer, overtaking Saudi Arabia.
According to OPEC, Russia was producing 9.236 million barrels a day in June -
that's 46,000 more than Saudi Arabia. The record figures are exacerbating the
symptoms of what's known as Dutch Disease: the economy is increasingly dependent
on energy exports, while other sectors face the threat of stagnation. Thus,
Russia is threatned with a new influx of petrodollars - creating additional
problems in sterilizing money supply, making the ruble stronger, boosting
inflation, and making Russian goods less competitive.

Already, Russia has almost reached its 2006 target figures for consumer prices
growth and ruble appreciation. Experts say that these unwelcome phenomena are
mostly due to the increasing influx of petrodollars. The Central Bank has to buy
them up in order to prevent uncontrolled ruble appreciation, which has the
effect of making it more profitable to import goods than to produce them
domestically. Russia's gold and currency reserves set a new record last week,
gaining $10 billion within a week to reach $277 billion.

The development of Dutch Disease is restrained only by the fact that Russia's
oil companies are already working to capacity and are unlikely to increase
output any further. The Saudis are in a different situation. Saudi Arabia's oil
output is restricted by OPEC quotas. If the Saudis wanted to, they could easily
raise daily production of cheaper, better-quality oil by 1 million barrels.

While selling its energy resources abroad, Russia is becoming increasingly
dependent on imports. According to the Economic Development Ministry, by 2009
domestic food production will increase by 15.7%, while imports will rise by
almost 43%. Then again, raw materials exports are gradually starting to decline
in physical terms. According to Rosstat, exports of oil and gas condensate in
the first half of 2006 declined by 0.1% compared to the same period of 2005, to
124.9 million tons. The proportional weight of oil in the volume of Russian
exports rose by 2.5%, to 35.5%, during the same period.

Natalia Volchkova, senior economist at the Center for Economic and Financial
Research and Development (CEFIR), says that Russia has a more widespread
phenomenon than Dutch Disease. "We call it the resources curse," says Volchkova.
"As the inflow of petrodollars increases, there are more and more problems with
the state's role in the economy - an insufficiently favorable investment
climate, and the delay or absence of essential structural reforms."

Source: Nezavisimaya Gazeta, August 21, 2006, pp. 1, 4

Translated by Elena Leonova

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2006 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday

Agriculture seminar: Experts warn of water and food crisis in near future

LENGTH: 485  words


Agricultural experts have warned that the constant surge in population and the
dwindling water and food resources will lead to a food and water crisis very
soon.

Pakistan is climbing up the global list of countries with the fastest growing
population," said Sindh Agriculture University Vice-Chancellor Dr Mujeebuddin
Sahrai. Sindh is particularly witnessing both, a rise in population as well as a
continuous influx of migrants."

The university organised a farmers' festival featuring stalls of agricultural
commodities, machinery and inputs as well as a seminar on Saturday. Dr Sahrai
said the agriculture sector is the livelihood of a majority of Sindh's people
but its growth is facing numerous challenges.

The vice-chancellor identified water shortage and wastage, low to modest crop
yield, application of harmful chemicals and a widespread aversion to modern
farming techniques as the stumbling blocks to growth. He also drew attention
towards environmental degradation. We need scientific research and practical
measures to address these challenges," he said.

The varsity has initiated training programmes for the growers to equip them with
the modern farming skills for growing bananas, mangoes and chilies. Dr Sahrai
added that in Umerkot district's Kunri town, which is one of the largest chili
markets in Asia, 50 different courses are being offered to the growers for
growing, processing and marketing their products.

We are making long-term plans to help farmers increase their productivity from
livestock animals," said the VC, expressing hope that the plan will greatly
support the breeders in Tharparkar, Naro, Kaccho and Kohistan regions.

The State Bank's chief manager Humayon Khan said that a sum of Rs380 billion has
been set aside for agricultural financing. According to him, small land owners
will be given loans with low markups while the agricultural graduates will be
given internships in agri-financing and model farming.

Sindh Abadgar Board president Abdul Majeed Nizamani said that the misguided
agricultural policies of the successive governments have decreased over 11 per
cent of the agricultural share from the GDP. The university should conduct
research to help farmers reduce the cost of inputs, increase crop yield and
lower the utilisation of water," he suggested.

Meanwhile, at a separate meeting, the vice-chancellor asked for recommendations
to open outlets in the Hyderabad districts to sell products made in the
university.

According to the Institute of Food Sciences and Technology director Dr Sagheer
Ahmed Shaikh, the varsity grows several vegetables and fruits on its farms that
can be sold in the market. The institute also regularly makes pizza, tomato
ketchup, jam, juices, biscuits, bread and cakes which can also be put on sale.
Dairy products including butter, ghee, yogurt and ice creams are also produced
in the varsity.

Published in The Express Tribune, June 8th, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

Ottawa to boost Atlantic immigration

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1513 words


ST. PETERS BAY, P.E.I. * Immigration Minister John McCallum is expected to
announce an influx of skilled immigrants to the region as part of a "massive
step forward" towards spurring economic growth in the Atlantic provinces.

It will come as part of a new Atlantic growth strategy between Ottawa and the
four eastern provinces, efforts to be put in motion as a handful of federal
cabinet ministers and the region's four premiers gather in the secluded seaside
community of St. Peters Bay, P.E.I.

In an interview on Sunday, Beauséjour MP and House Leader Dominic LeBlanc says
McCallum's presence represents "very good news for the Atlantic Canadian
economy."

Premier Brian Gallant added that New Brunswick comes to the table in hopes of
securing an increase of roughly 1,000 new economic immigrants annually.

The premiers and federal ministers were slated to meet for a private dinner on
Sunday night.

A press conference is slated for Monday at noon.

There is a long list of attendees.

Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains, who is also responsible for the Atlantic
Canada Opportunities Agency will attend.

The Atlantic region's four federal cabinet ministers - LeBlanc, Agriculture
Minister Lawrence MacAulay, Procurement Minister Judy Foote, and Scott Brison,
president of the Treasury Board will also be at Monday's meetings.

McCallum's presence at what is the latest meeting of the region's premiers
signals a significant change in stance toward a longstanding call by provinces
like New Brunswick for an increase in the number of skilled immigrants it can
select and settle.

The ask has been in efforts to address stagnant population levels and aid in
offsetting a rapidly aging workforce.

"We have an Atlantic growth strategy that we have been working on that we are
hopeful will be finalized coming out of the meetings," Gallant said in an
interview with the Telegraph-Journal on Sunday. "This is a strategy in which we
will all be working together with the feds to improve many things that we think
will improve the Atlantic economy.

"One of things we have been working on pretty heavily has been an immigration
piece to help us with ensuring that Atlantic Canada has the best skilled
workforce possible."

He added: ""We have made some real gains."

Gallant said the region must buck the trend of an aging population.

It's a multifaceted problem - efforts needed to keep New Brunswickers from
leaving, bring Atlantic Canadians back who once left, as well as welcome more
new Canadians.

But that immigration influx must be targeted, Gallant said.

"We want to be able to bring new Canadians that will have the skills necessary
for the jobs that they can fill now, meaning that we need some flexibility in
determining (who resettles in New Brunswick) instead of having a cumbersome
approach where the federal process may not reflect the realities of Atlantic
Canada," he said. "We are looking for more flexibility."

The last several labour force surveys from Statistics Canada have highlighted a
dire long-term trend in New Brunswick of an aging population eating into the
size of the workforce.

There are currently 5,000 fewer workers aged 15 to 54 in New Brunswick than a
year ago.

At the same time, the population of people 55 and over has increased by roughly
6,400.

The number of people either with a job or looking - the size of the labour force
- stands at roughly 386,000. The figure hit a low of 383,900 just a few months
ago, a level not seen since April 2007.

New Brunswick needs new, younger people to grow the economy.

Regardless, the Gallant government's call for an influx of immigrants with
specific skill sets went unanswered last year, Ottawa deciding against expanding
the number of newcomers the province can nominate through the Provincial Nominee
Program in the year ahead.

Gallant had asked Ottawa for the current cap of 625 to jump to 1,500 nominations
in 2016.

But since that initial request was rejected, Gallant has met with McCallum and
several others on that file to reaffirm the request.

Dominic LeBlanc has said that Ottawa is listening and a larger number of skilled
immigrants will be settled in New Brunswick, the country's immigration minister
"acutely aware of the demographic challenges in Atlantic Canada."

LeBlanc suggested that a greater number of immigrants may come through other
economic streams beyond the nominee program.

In an interview on Sunday, LeBlanc said talks took off after a meeting in
Fredericton earlier this year and that Gallant's subsequent visits to Ottawa
forwarded those discussions.

"One of the key priorities raised in February by all of the premiers was
immigration and the inability of businesses in Atlantic Canada to recruit
immigrants and match them to jobs that are available," LeBlanc said. "We have
been working since then with John McCallum.

"Premier Brian Gallant's meetings in Ottawa really drove the immigration
challenge as a priority that could be rectified."

He added: "McCallum's presence at the meetings [Monday] should be very good news
for the Atlantic Canadian economy. Our meeting in Prince Edward Island will be a
massive step forward in focusing all the resources of the government of Canada
on economic growth in the Atlantic provinces."

Gallant said that initial call for roughly 1,000 more economic immigrants
annually is still the goal.

"That's the number we will strive for," he said. "In the talks with the federal
government, we have made that clear.

"We're going to discussing over the next 24 hours what the pool of a potential
increase could look like. We are certainly still optimistic we will be able to
get a number similar to that."

skilled workforce possible."

He added: "We have made some real gains."

Gallant said the region must buck the trend of an aging population.

It's a multifaceted problem - efforts needed to keep New Brunswickers from
leaving, bring Atlantic Canadians back who once left, as well as welcome more
new Canadians.

But that immigration influx must be targeted, Gallant said.

"We want to be able to bring new Canadians that will have the skills necessary
for the jobs that they can fill now, meaning that we need some flexibility in
determining (who resettles in New Brunswick) instead of having a cumbersome
approach where the federal process may not reflect the realities of Atlantic
Canada," he said. "We are looking for more flexibility."

The last several labour force surveys from Statistics Canada have highlighted a
dire long-term trend in New Brunswick of an aging population eating into the
size of the workforce.

There are currently 5,000 fewer workers aged 15 to 54 in New Brunswick than a
year ago.

At the same time, the population of people 55 and over has increased by roughly
6,400.

The number of people either with a job or looking - the size of the labour force
- stands at roughly 386,000. The figure hit a low of 383,900 just a few months
ago, a level not seen since April 2007.

New Brunswick needs new, younger people to grow the economy.

Regardless, the Gallant government's call for an influx of immigrants with
specific skill sets went unanswered last year, Ottawa deciding against expanding
the number of newcomers the province can nominate through the Provincial Nominee
Program in the year ahead.

Gallant had asked Ottawa for the current cap of 625 to jump to 1,500 nominations
in 2016.

But since that initial request was rejected, Gallant has met with McCallum and
several others on that file to reaffirm the request.

Dominic LeBlanc has said that Ottawa is listening and a larger number of skilled
immigrants will be settled in New Brunswick, the country's immigration minister
"acutely aware of the demographic challenges in Atlantic Canada."

LeBlanc suggested that a greater number of immigrants may come through other
economic streams beyond the nominee program.

In an interview on Sunday, LeBlanc said talks took off after a meeting in
Fredericton earlier this year and that Gallant's subsequent visits to Ottawa
forwarded those discussions.

"One of the key priorities raised in February by all of the premiers was
immigration and the inability of businesses in Atlantic Canada to recruit
immigrants and match them to jobs that are available," LeBlanc said. "We have
been working since then with John McCallum.

"Premier Brian Gallant's meetings in Ottawa really drove the immigration
challenge as a priority that could be rectified."

He added: "McCallum's presence at the meetings [Monday] should be very good news
for the Atlantic Canadian economy. Our meeting in Prince Edward Island will be a
massive step forward in focusing all the resources of the government of Canada
on economic growth in the Atlantic provinces."

Gallant said that initial call for roughly 1,000 more economic immigrants
annually is still the goal.

"That's the number we will strive for," he said. "In the talks with the federal
government, we have made that clear.

"We're going to discussing over the next 24 hours what the pool of a potential
increase could look like. We are certainly still optimistic we will be able to
get a number similar to that." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New
Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             June 12, 2008 Thursday

CFTC unveils interagency panel

BYLINE: by Donna Block

SECTION: LAWANDREG

LENGTH: 750 words



HIGHLIGHT: The task force will evaluate developments in the commodity markets,
including an influx of new investors.


The Commodity Futures Trading Commission announced Tuesday, June 10, the
formation of an interagency task force to evaluate developments in the commodity
markets, including the influx of new investors into commodity futures markets.

The task force includes the Federal Reserve, the Treasury Department, the
Securities and Exchange Commission and officials from the Energy and Agriculture
Departments.

The regulators will come together and assess price increases and trading in not
only oil, but a wide range of commodities.

"High commodity prices are posing a significant strain on U.S. households," the
CFTC said.

The CFTC also held a meeting Tuesday with some of Wall Street's and the energy
industry's biggest players as it searches for answers to the meteoric rise in
the price of oil.

Under pressure by lawmakers to find some relief from record-high energy prices,
the regulators put together a 25-member panel dubbed the Energy Markets Advisory
Committee.

The nascent panel will make recommendations to the CFTC, with a focus on the
role of index trading, the use of foreign exchanges and the possible need for
some kind of limitation on those traders.

Last week, the CFTC announced that it was investigating whether large traders
such as pension funds, index funds and sovereign wealth funds that had entered
the oil futures market in recent years had a hand in sparking the price
increases.

Bart Chilton, a Democratic member of the commission, said the government must
investigate the run-up in oil prices, which came close to trading at $140 a
barrel last week.

"I feel somewhat like the blindfolded boxer. When the bell rings, I just start
swinging," Chilton said.

He added that the price of oil should be investigated in a comprehensive and
probing manner "before making a rush to judgment about what is or what is not
causing these unusual price movements."

Chilton's remarks came after Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson rejected an
assertion Monday that speculators were the cause of the run-up in oil prices.

"Perhaps the secretary has a crystal ball, but I don't, and given what I'm
seeing and hearing in the markets and from market users, that seems to me to be
a premature determination at best," Chilton said.

"At worst, I think it would be a dereliction of our duties for us, the overseers
of these markets, to ignore other possible reasons for price run-ups, and
continue to fall back on reliance on fundamentals," he said.

Advisory panel members include managing directors from investment banks,
Goldman, Sachs & Co., Morgan Stanley and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co., and the heads
of the biggest energy trading exchanges: the Nymex Holdings Inc. and the
IntercontinentalExchange Inc., as well as industry representatives from utility,
gas and consumer groups.

Panel member John Heimlich of the Air Transport Association questioned whether
the trading arms of big Wall Street firms were benefiting from oil price
forecasts from their firms' research departments.

Heimlich referred to recent forecasts saying the price of oil would go higher,
which resulted in an unprecedented spike in the price.

"We have absolutely no connection with our research department," said Donald
Casturo of Goldman Sachs.

Laura Campbell of Memphis Light, Gas & Water also quizzed the brokerage firms
about why their clients were so interested in investing in commodities futures.

"Why not just invest in an oil firm like ExxonMobil?" she asked. "Why do you
have more people rolling to the commodities instead of equities?"

William McCoy of Morgan Stanley said the answer was simple: "diversification."

The CFTC launched a nationwide investigation last December into possible
manipulation of the U.S. oil market.

But others worry about what action Congress will take. Lawmakers considered but
rejected a bill Tuesday afternoon that would have raised the amount of money
required to trade in energy markets and brought an overseas online
energy-trading facility under U.S. regulatory oversight. The measures were
packaged with more controversial plans, such as a windfall profit tax on oil
companies. As a result, Republicans blocked the bill, which had also triggered a
White House veto threat.

"I think these are issues that need to be addressed and, quite frankly, should
be addressed quickly," said James Newsome, president of the New York Mercantile
Exchange, one of the two largest commodities markets for oil. "In lieu of action
by the commission, some action could be taken by Congress that could be damaging
to the markets."

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2008 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              370 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                                October 29, 1988

Ministries vie for alien worker jurisdiction

BYLINE: NIKKEI ROUNDUP

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 795 words


The ranks of foreign workers in Japan are swelling, and the issue of regulating
the influx has opened up turf battles among government ministries and rifts in
the private sector.

The influx hardly compares with the millions of "tired and poor" who have
flocked to U.S. and British shores throughout the years.  But in Japan, where
only .5% of the total population are foreigners, the new arrivals are being
viewed as huddled masses indeed.

No fewer than six government ministries -- half the total in the Cabinet -- have
taken positions on the issue, with Justice and Labor, in particular, vying for
jurisdiction over the newcomers.

In the private sector, opinions differ according to which industry is surveyed,
but the opinions are uniformly strong.

150,000 work illegally

About 60,000 foreigners hold valid working permits in Japan, according to the
Immigration Bureau.  In addition, about 150,000 more are working illegally,
including many students.  That is double the number three years ago, and it is
expected to climb to 600,000 in four years, when foreigners would represent 1%
of Japan's working population.

Since that is widely viewed here as a problem, the government has searched for
solutions.

The Ministry of Labor's initial solution was to require employers hiring workers
from overseas to register with it, instead of merely with the Immigration
Bureau, which belongs to the Justice Ministry.  In response, a Justice Ministry
official protested that the proposal would "send immigration bureaucracy through
the roof."

Business was also sharply critical of the proposal, and the Labor ministry
agreed to shelve it for "further study." But Labor officials vow that they have
not given up.

The Justice Ministry will present its own proposal to add eight new categories
of legal employment, provide clearer identification for foreigners eligible to
work in Japan, and penalize offending employers.

The Labor Ministry, of course, opposes the plan.

To prevent illegal employment, Labor says, it is just as important to restrict
demand by keeping employers in check as it is to control the supply of laborers
coming into the country.

Construction wages

Other ministries have their own perspectives.

The Ministry of Construction says that construction wages are comparatively low
and companies often lack welfare facilities for workers.  Thus, few young
Japanese are joining the industry.

"If the country were to admit foreign laborers, wages would fall, and even fewer
young people would want to enter construction firms," one official said.

In contrast, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries and the
Ministry of Transport are more open to permitting foreign workers.

The former's positive attitude stems from the difficulty the fishing industry
has had in hiring crews, and from the sharp competition from South Korea and
Taiwan, where wages are low.

The Ministry wants to relax restrictions that prohibit employment of foreign
crews -- providing it gets support from both industry and labor.

The Transport Ministry supports the admission of low-wage foreign sailors
because it believes they can raise the international competitiveness of the
ocean-going shipping industry.

While labor unions warn of domestic unemployment, the Ministry believes that
"employment on foreign-going vessels has no impact on the domestic labor
market," according to one official.

And, for its part, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs insists that Japan must
consider its role in Asia.

"The time when Japan needed only to think of its own affairs has ended," said
one ministry official.  "Now we must think of our international
responsibilities." It has called for greater opportunities for foreigners.

Many business leaders feel that employing foreigners with special knowledge or
technological skills will enhance Japan's internationalization.

A member of the Japan Federation of Employers' Associations (Nikkeiren) says,
"Government regulations should be limited to immigration procedures and should
be made as lenient as possible."

Saving manpower

But not all business leaders agree.

"Even though demand in the construction field is high, it is not wise to rely
too heavily on foreign labor," says Taichiro Kumagai, president of the Japan
Civil Engineering Contractors' Association.  He said companies should try to
save manpower through technological development and improving employee
treatment, instead of just hiring cheap labor.

In a survey carried out by the Tokyo Chamber of Commerce and Industry,
one-fourth of 1,132 firms questioned indicated they wanted to hire foreign
workers for manufacturing, handling cargo, and various other types of manual
labor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, Aliens prosecuted for illegal entry to Japan, Source: Ministry
of Justice

                    Copyright 1988 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun


                              371 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 19, 1998

Forest has a greener look

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.22

LENGTH: 339 words


A NORTH-EAST forest is trailblazing the Forestry Commission's latest thinking on
environmentally-friendly forestry.

Fetteresso is a huge swathe of conifers that were all planted together in a
relatively short period some years ago on the south side of the Slug Road from
Stonehaven to Banchory.

But rather than harvest them all at once and leave what could be a huge scar on
the Kincardineshire landmass, Forest Enterprise, the commission's forest
manager, is making management changes.

The conifers, mostly sitka spruce, pine and larch, are being harvested in
blocks, watercourses are being enhanced and a mixture of broadleaves and
conifers replanted.

District forester Nick Wilby said the changes should give the forest a more
natural look and benefit the animals that live in it. "There will be a bit more
open space. In the end we will have a forest that contains a lot more variety."

The block harvesting takes out the more mature trees first, allowing a more
steady flow of timber from the forest to processors rather than a mighty influx
of wood all at once.

The replanting programme is also being staged to introduce a greater range of
tree ages.

Greater space is also being left beside streams and instead of conifers,
broadleaves are being planted.

Forestry Minister Lord Sewel visited the forest and said the planned changes to
the Common Agricultural Policy would mean forestry playing a more important role
in landuse in the coming years.

As well as seeing the management changes, the minister also took the controls of
a hi-tech forest harvesting machine that fells, trims and cross-cuts trees.

Wood from Fetteresso, which covers around 9,000acres, is used to provide pulp
and paper, construction and general joinery timber, pallets, carcasing,
chipboard and fibre.Most of the timber is graded and stacked at the roadside and
used to supply a number of sawmills in the area.

Among them is Burnroot at Aboyne, where owners James Jones and Sons use the
latest computer technology to process the wood.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              372 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

Bangkokians brace for flash floods

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 299 words


Agriculture Minister Theera Wongsamut, citing the latest flood level update from
irrigation resources, said the influx of water would reach 3,900 cubic metres
per second while the Chao Phraya's critical level was at 3,720.

He said the ministry was considering building a Bt10-billion flood way to divert
more water to sea outlets through the Chao Phraya dam bypassing Tha Chin River
and Makham Thao canal in Chaiyanat and Uthai Thani provinces.

Sanya Sheenimit, director of Bangkok Metropolitan Administration's Department of
Drainage and Sewerage, said the situation remained normal but was under close
watch.

Heavy rain could worsen the problem, as it would add to the Chao Phraya's rise.

In heavily-flooded Ayutthaya, residents and farmers in Sena and Phak Hai
districts are said to have resorted to eating snakes and rats or selling them in
different menus to earn income after weeks of inundation.

Premature harvesting of rice is widespread in many central provinces where
farmlands are flooded, forcing lower rice prices for farmers. In Lop Buri, a
flash flood from a recent breakdown of a dam is causing additional inundation of
another 20,000 rai of rice paddies, and affecting 3,000 households.

The floods have claimed 132 lives and 3,000 people are depressed, the Public
Health Ministry said. About 80 per cent of the fatalities resulted from drowning
in flood waters.

Public Health Ministry Wittaya Buranasiri said 8,396 people in 26 provinces
reported diseases related to flooding such as athlete's foot, flu, and fatigue.

About 3,040 are suffering from mental health problems, with 339 cases at risk of
committing suicide and 410 cases being closely monitored for unexpected
symptoms.

The Public Health Ministry has sent over 125,000 pharmaceutical sets to help
flood victims in 10 provinces.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Dickinson Press (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Ag stats to be released Jan. 12

BYLINE: Jennifer McBride, The Dickinson Press, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 211 words


Dec. 18--Statisticians in the Fargo office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture
National Agriculture Statistics Service North Dakota Field Office have been busy
compiling, analyzing and finalizing data for all commodities, including flax.

North Dakota farmers planted about 390,000 acres of flax in 2010, according to
June estimates. However, final numbers won't be ready until Jan. 12.

All crop data was in hand Thursday and the office submits its recommendations
and estimates to Washington, D.C. Wednesday. Here, data will again be analyzed,
said USDA NASS North Dakota Field Office Director Darin Jantzi.

USDA statistics will be available to the public Jan. 12 and can be viewed on the
USDA website at http://www.nass.usda.gov. They will be posted at 6:30 a.m. MST,
Jantzi said, adding many people anxiously await these numbers.

"It is market-sensitive data," he said, "and the markets react to this influx of
information."

To see more of The Dickinson Press, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thedickinsonpress.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Dickinson Press, N.D.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101218-QX-BRF-Ag-stats-to-be-released-Jan-12-1218-20101218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QX


                       Copyright 2010 The Dickinson Press


                              374 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Uganda's fish exports drop in 2013

BYLINE: Martin Ssebuyira -1

LENGTH: 344  words


Decline attributed to poor fishing methods like use of illegal nets

Entebbe- There are increasing worries among fisheries' stakeholders about the
future of Uganda's fish industry, following statistics showing exports in 2013
went down, compared to 2012.

According to the figures from the Ministry of Agriculture Animal Industry and
fisheries, Uganda exported 18,558.07 tonnes of fish in 2013 worth $113,933.23
(about Shs273 million), lower than 20,562 tonnes worth $115,508.71 (about Shs277
million) exported in 2012. The figures were, however, slightly higher than
17,332 tonnes worth $91447 (about Shs219 million) Uganda exported in 2011.

"The decline has been attributed to poor fishing methods and poor land practices
along the lake shores," according to Mr Henry Nabongo, a senior Fisheries
inspector and Deputy Spokesperson of the Fisheries department, Ministry of
Agriculture Animal Industry and Fisheries.

Illegal fishing practicesHe said there is an influx of illegal fishing nets like
beach seines and monofilament on the market yet monitoring has not been so
effective.The inspector, however, said border fish instructors have been
deployed to monitor regional fish exports and continue regular operations on
illicit dealers as they await the Agriculture Enforcement police that is yet to
be put in place.

The executive director Uganda Fisheries and Fish Conservation Association, Mr
Seremos Kamuturaki, said the drop in fish export figures was not surprising
given the current trends of the fisheries sector.

"The sector is characterised by weak enforcement of the regulations on Uganda's
water bodies because more people are targeting the stock," he said.

Mr Kamuturaki added that the open access policy to the lake is adversely
affecting the sector, and called for licensing of fishermen as a way of
controlling fishing on lakes.

Mr Kamuturaki said that there was need to carry out scientific studies of how
many fishermen and how much they can take from the Uganda's lakes, in order to
guard the water bodies from reckless fishing.

mssebuyira@ug.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

N.D. on the lookout for emerald ash borer

BYLINE: Jenny Schlecht, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Jan. 09--BISMARCK, N.D. -- North Dakota has an estimated 78 million green ash
trees, including at least 60 percent of the state's shelterbelts and about 50
percent of the trees along the state's rivers.

"It's the hardy tree, and we don't have a lot of those," says Charles Elhard, a
plant protection specialist with the state Department of Agriculture. "So it's
one we want to keep around."

Officials worry a recent influx of firewood into North Dakota could speed the
introduction of emerald ash borer, an invasive species often transported in
firewood. Elhard says emerald ash borer has moved slowly in northern areas, but
if it arrives, tree loss is expected.

"It could be devastating," he says. "In other states the emerald ash borer is
estimated to have killed tens of millions of ash trees."

The North Dakota Department of Agriculture has learned of firewood coming into
the state from quarantined areas, including to the camps protesting construction
of the Dakota Access Pipeline in Morton and Sioux counties and from hunters and
others coming from Minnesota, says Agriculture Commissioner Doug Goehring.

"The protest camps have been our biggest concern," he says. While much of the
firewood has been certified by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Animal and
Plant Health Inspection Service or by tribal governments, some has come from
quarantined areas, Goehring says.

He says people do not transport wood from quarantined areas on purpose; rather,
many people are unaware of the dangers.

What is emerald ash borer?

The emerald ash borer is a wood-boring insect native to Asia. The metallic green
bug is slightly smaller than a ladybug but can cause big problems. Emerald ash
borer larvae feed under the bark of ash trees, which damages and eventually
kills the trees.

Emerald ash borers were found in southeast Michigan in 2002 and has since spread
across the eastern U.S. and the Midwest.

North Dakota, South Dakota and Montana are among a shrinking number of states
where emerald ash borer has not been found, but officials in North Dakota have
predicted it could make its way to the state in the coming years.

While other pests, including gypsy moth, Asian longhorned beetle, mountain pine
beetle, balsam woolly adelgid and walnut twig beetle, could come from
quarantined areas, the emerald ash borer is of particular concern in North
Dakota due to the abundance of ash trees.

Goehring fears emerald ash borer could move along the Missouri River, then
travel through the state's watershed and across the state. That would create
"one big environmental nightmare," he says.

How to combat emerald ash borer

Communicating the dangers of transporting firewood from quarantined areas is the
best tool in combatting the spread of invasive pests, Elhard says. Winter
conditions also help, since the insects are not active this time of year. State
and federal officials hope to go to the protest camps and make sure all firewood
is burned before spring thaw, Goehring says.

The state already puts out more than 1,000 traps, mostly in eastern North
Dakota, with an attractant to lure emerald ash borers. The state may expand the
use of the traps, Goehring says.

Elhard suggests keeping an eye out for problems in ash trees, including
increases in woodpecker activity, dieback from the top down and bark splits with
s-shaped galleries underneath. Ash borers native to the area can cause similar
damage, but native species only attack declining trees while emerald ash borers
also attack healthy trees, he says.

If emerald ash borer arrives, treating all infected trees in a shelterbelt would
not be practical or cost effective, though treating a solitary tree is possible,
Elhard says. Instead, he recommends taking a preventative measure. For any new
plantings, put in at least four different species of trees. That way, other
trees would survive even if emerald ash borer makes its way to the state.

"Really, diversify is the message," he says. "We didn't learn our lesson with
Dutch Elm Disease. We lost our elm trees and planted all ash trees."

___ (c)2017 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170109-AW-N-D-on-the-lookout-for-emerald-ash-borer-0109-20170109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2017 Agweek


                              376 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                           December 5, 2015 Saturday

Border security aid appeal heard by EU

BYLINE: James Elrick

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 115 words


GREECE: An appeal has been made to the European Union for border guards, as well
as tents, generators and first aid for arriving refugees, to help Greece control
its frontier with Turkey.

More than 50,000 people have arrived in Greece seeking sanctuary or jobs in
Europe in the last month, and EU partners are pressing Athens to control the
influx.

If Athens fails to do enough, passport controls could be reintroduced for Greek
citizens travelling in Europe.

Greece's European affairs minister, Nikos Xydakis, said the nation has
"persistently" sought technical help and manpower since May to help it cope with
the influx of the more than 700,000 people who have entered the country since
January.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ETI


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Fiji Times (Australia)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

2000 seed packs for Lau

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 174 words


LAU islanders will today see an influx of seeds and planting materials as part
of a major campaign to boost farm recovery.

Two thousand packets of tomato and eggplant seeds will be distributed in the
division, with 137,000 kumala cuttings, according to Agriculture Ministry
permanent secretary Colonel Mason Smith.

He said other seed varieties were being sourced for distribution later.

Col Smith said the hurricane caused havoc to the agricultural sector in Vanua
Levu, Taveuni and the Lomaiviti and Lau groups.

Initial reports indicate substantive damage, mainly to rootcrops and vegetables.

Col Smith said 21 officers had been deployed to the Lomaiviti and Lau groups to
distribute planting materials and provide advice to farmers on proper planting
practices.

Col Smith said another 24 officers and six vehicles were deployed to the
Northern Division to reinforce staff already on the ground.

He said the ministry had a help centre for farmers, which could be reached on
3683042 from 8am to midnight daily.

Damage assessment will continue next week.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FIJ


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             April 2, 1985 Tuesday

SUDAN FACES FOOD DISASTER

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AAPINTNEWS

LENGTH: 98 words


Sudan faces food disaster NAIROBI._ Three seasons of serious drought and a
massive influx of refugees this year had brought Sudan to the brink of disaster,
a United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation report said yesterday. It
said production of the staple sorghum crop fell by 39 percent last year,
creating a deficit of at least 1 million tonnes which had to be filled by donors
urgently if famine was to be avoided. Due to dwindling grain stocks and poor
harvests in most of Sudan's nine regions, prices of sorghum and millet, the
second staple, had soared. (Reuter)

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              379 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 8, 2010 Monday

A fallen city, a fleeing populace, a new crisis;
Thousands leave devastated Port-au-Prince, creating chaos in Haiti's provinces,
unable even before the quake to provide for themselves

BYLINE: ANNA MEHLER PAPERNY

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; EARTHQUAKE IN HAITI; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: PAPAYE, HAITI


The Rosier family was always close. Just not this close.

Twenty-five people - parents, grandparents, children, nephews, cousins and
in-laws - have been living in the family patriarch's farmhouse in Haiti's
Plateau Central for close to a month.

Standing outside, hacking his palm trees to pieces to build shacks for his
growing household, patriarch Ilson Rosier smiles and shrugs.

"They're family - of course I have to take them in. We'll do what we can."

But his seven children and their families now sharing cooking, washing and
living space are starting to worry how they'll make ends meet.

The Rosier brood is among the hundreds of thousands who have fled devastated
Port-au-Prince to seek refuge in the provinces.

It's a bizarre reversal of what has been the demographic norm in Haiti for
decades: People leaving the underdeveloped, isolated provinces en masse in
search of far richer opportunities in the capital.

But now more than half a million people have left for the countryside,
dramatically boosting a formerly dwindling population that lacked the services
to care for itself even before the influx. The demographic spike - a jump of as
much as 20 per cent in some regions - places enormous pressure on already
inadequate resources.

The exodus from the capital is creating an aftershock of its own as farming
families starve - and jeopardize future harvests - trying to feed and house a
slew of additional, hungry mouths.

Local aid groups say it's an immediate humanitarian emergency, but one with huge
potential for positive change: They hope the impetus of providing for the influx
of people can do what decades of well-intentioned development projects haven't -
bring services to regions long neglected and create agricultural communities
that can actually feed themselves.

The Plateau Central is like most of Haiti: An agricultural region that can't
feed itself. Thanks to decades of environmental degradation, and despite
innumerable failed development projects, land here remains low yielding, its
farmers poor.

And the earthquake is making a bad situation dire: In a good year, Haiti's
farmers can supply 30 per cent, perhaps 40 per cent, of the country's rice and
corn staples.

But this is not a good year.

Joseph Junior Lapaix, a member of the local Movement for the Peasants of Papaye,
says this year, farmers will be lucky if they get half their normal yield.

Still reeling from hurricanes in 2008, farmers in the Plateau Central are
dipping into their seed storages to feed the influx of people, jeopardizing the
coming planting season and next year's harvest. Cutting trees to build new
living quarters is robbing farmers of precious resources and exacerbating
already existing erosion.

The Movement for the Peasants of Papaye has launched an emergency aid drive for
the more than 1,500 people that have arrived in the town of about 9,000 - many
with no family and nowhere to stay.

Patrick and Stevenson Rosier had paying jobs, homes and families of their own in
Port-au-Prince, where they moved from tiny Papaye years ago.

Stevenson worked as a college art professor, Patrick as a high-school teacher.
When the Jan. 12 earthquake left them with no houses and no jobs, they brought
their families home.

The 25-person household overflows the farm's main concrete house, into small
wooden buildings outside, long abandoned because they were structurally unsound.

"But now they're inhabitable!" Patrick joked, showing off the room where he
sleeps with his wife, Marie-Carme Rosier Delphin, and their infant son.

They're not sure what's next. They'd head back to Port-au-Prince if there was
anything to return to. But it remains in ruins.

It will be years before the capital is fully functioning again.

In the meantime, the Rosiers are looking for work.

Patrick says he's willing to do anything - try any field. But no one's hiring
and the entrepreneurial climate in Haiti's poorest province is less than
inspiring.

"We're 'researching,' " he said sheepishly. "But there's no work. No demand. So
we wait."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Trust (Abuja)

                               December 22, 2016

Irrigation Farming Endangered in Katsina, As Sources of Water Drying Up

BYLINE: Idris Mahmoud

LENGTH: 436 words

DATELINE: Katsina


An unprecedented influx into irrigation farming for this year's dry season
farming has exhausted the Jare river to its bed in Bakori, Katsina State, a
situation that has alarmed wheat farmers along the river side.

Over the years, only few farmers were taking advantage of the river to cultivate
tomato, cabbage, lettuce, onion and cucumber.

But the current economic recession, coupled with the government's agricultural
policies, has seen many farmers swarming the 9km river side mostly for the
cultivation of wheat and Irish potato.

One of the irrigation farmers, Abdullahi Mohammed Isah, told Daily Trust that
the water track dried up early this year due to the growing number of irrigation
farms that depend on the river.

"In the last few years the demand was not much because many farmers were not
interested in irrigation farming as the case this year. Some of us now resort to
digging shallow wells on the river bed to water our crops," Abdullahi said.

He added that the only functional irrigation site is the Bakori irrigation dam
which has been massively occupied by farmers of various crops hence the river
side had been fully taken over by farms.

Another farmer, Alhaji Musa Fari, said they were completely stranded as the only
source of water they depended on was fast drying up.

"We have tried our own efforts to dig shallow wells inside the river to source
the water but that would not last us long like wash bowls. Last month WACOT
(West African Cotton Company Limited) visited our irrigation site and drilled
one wash bores, many of us developed interest and are willing to comply with the
terms and condition for the establishment of the wash bores but to date the
company's officials are yet to come back," Alhaji Musa Fari said.

He further said that in order to escape the high risks in tomato farming -
ranging from pest attack, lack of preservation facility and unstable market
price - many farmers have shifted to the cultivation of wheat and Irish potato;
adding that farmers in the area are patiently complying with the government's
agricultural policies until the desired result is achieved.

When contacted the WACOT national manager seed section, Dr Mahavir Singh,
promised to revisit the irrigation site for assessment.

"We must establish if the farmers are genuinely in need of the wash bores and if
their irrigation site is in low land area for sufficient water underneath. After
we drill the wash bores we then supply the farmers with water pump machine at
the rate of N50,000 which he pays in three months installments of N10,000 each
after the initial N20,000 up-front payment," said Dr Mahavir.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Hills Gazette (Perth, Australia)

                            December 20, 2013 Friday
                                   1 Edition

STONE-fruit growers are being urged by the Department of Agriculture and Food to
prepare for an influx of mediterranean fruit flies this summer.

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 164  words


Department senior research officer Sonya Broughton said the mild, wet spring and
recent hot weather had led to fly populations spiralling out of control.

Very hot weather sometimes tends to reduce populations slightly, but also
results in very short breeding cycles, enabling numbers to build up rapidly and
become very difficult to manage, Dr Broughton said.

Baiting needs to be carried out weekly, spraying foliage with approved mixtures
containing chemicals such as spinosad and malathion.

This should be continued throughout the summer, even after fruit has been
harvested to reduce fly numbers and help break the cycle.

Dr Broughton acknowledged the difficulty growers faced following restrictions on
traditional cover sprays like fenthion, but said it was still possible to
produce quality fruit.

If you are one of those home gardeners who are unable to control fruit fly
effectively, removing the trees and growing something less susceptible may be
the best course of action, she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHG


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                THE KOREA HERALD

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

History of food exchanges between Korea and Japan

LENGTH: 674 words


Tonkatsu once enjoyed the status of today's dry-aged steak -- some 35 years ago
in Korea.

In the 1980s, the deep-fried breaded pork cutlet, now one of the most common and
popular dishes among Koreans, was only available at Seoul's top western
restaurants. Italiano, a restaurant in Jeong-dong, Seoul, used to serve tonkatsu
on a big white ceramic plate with kimchi and "danmuji," yellow pickled radish.

Despite the restaurant's Italian name, tonkatsu, an import from Japan, was its
best-known dish, attracting visitors who would come on special occasions.

Tonkatsu was one of the foods that arrived to Korean shores after the country
opened its ports to foreign powers in 1876. The influx of foreign products
included a variety of food from the U.S. and Japan, such as sandwiches, bread,
tonkatsu, curry, oden and sushi. They were not just the results of foreign
trade, but marked the start of a dramatic change to the Korean palate.

A Korean barbecue restaurant in Yokohama, Japan (National Folk Museum of Korea)

Such movement of foods and its consequences are explored at the National Folk
Museum of Korea where an exhibition focusing on food exchanges between Korea and
Japan is being held to mark the 50th anniversary of normalization of ties
between the two nations. The exhibition has been jointly organized with Japan's
National Museum of Ethnology.

"Japan underwent rapid industrialization earlier than we did and they were more
advanced in food production as well. Their advanced food techniques also
influenced Korean cooking," says professor Ham Han-hee of Chonbuk National
University in a video on display at the exhibition. The Japanese colonial era
beginning from 1910 saw an influx of Japanese dishes and seasonings to Korea.

The first factory-made soy sauce Koreans used was Ajinomoto soy sauce, produced
at a Japanese-owned factory established in Seoul in 1910.

"The soy sauce had a distinctive sweet flavor, which Koreans found addictive.
Korean food normally didn't have sweet flavor, but began to have a slight sweet
taste at this time, which continues today," explained Kim Chang-ho, curator of
the exhibition.

Korean and Japanese MSGs (National Folk Museum of Korea)

The popularity of Ajinomoto soy sauce prompted further developments of flavor
enhancers such as Mipung and Miwon, two types of MSG.

Korean and Japanese rice cookers (National Folk Museum of Korea)

In the 1980s, the Japanese electric rice cooker that also kept rice warm brought
a revolutionary change in the Korean kitchen, liberating housewives from cooking
rice for every meal. The rice cooker manufactured by Zojirushi came with the
function of storing rice for a couple more days without changing the color or
taste. It was the hottest item Korean housewives wanted as a gift from their
husbands.

The Korean variant of Japanese ramen was the new star in the Korean food scene
in the 1960s. Once dubbed "second rice," instant ramen gained huge popularity
when it was first introduced to Korea in 1963. Ramen, known as "ramyeon" in
Korean, was priced at 15 won (currently 1.2 cents) when it first came to Korea
and was a meal even the poorest Koreans could afford.

Samyang Ramyeon (National Folk Museum of Korea)

In the 1970s, the Korean government backed the production of ramen in line with
its campaign to encourage consumption of wheat products when rice supplies fell
short. The state campaign stressed that families could help the country by
substituting rice for ramen and other grains.

"The campaign continued until the late 1970s. Schoolteachers used to check
students' lunch boxes. If the lunch box was full of white rice, the student got
punished," recalled a senior curator of the museum. "We used to mix our white
rice with multigrains other students brought so we would not get caught."

The exhibition also features Korean dishes that had a significant impact on
Japanese food culture such as bulgogi, as well as the impact of K-pop on
contemporary Japanese food culture.

The exhibition runs until Feb. 29. For more information, www.nfm.go.kr.

By Lee Woo-young (

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Korea Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Beef 2012 Brisbane launch THE Brisbane

SECTION: Pg. 119

LENGTH: 1255 words


Beef 2012 Brisbane launch

THE Brisbane launch last week of the 2012 Beef Week launch was a resounding
success. The iconic Breakfast Creek Hotel was bursting at the seams with a rapt
audience present for the launch. With a great season over the eastern seaboard,
and the past success of previous Beef Weeks, we can really look forward to an
exciting and informative gathering of peers of the pastoral industry from all
over the Commonwealth as well as an influx of overseas visitors.

This event certainly provides a top insight into our great pastoral industry as
well as proving to be a showcase for our beef cattle exhibits.

Among the notable guests in attendance were Senator Joe Ludwig, Federal Minister
for Agriculture, representing the Federal Government; Tim Mulherin, the
Queensland Agriculture Minister, representing the Queensland Government, Shadow
Minister for Agriculture Andrew Cripps,

Member for Gregory Vaughan Johnson, chairman Geoff Murphy and several other
directors of Beef Australia, including Jenny Russell and Carol Ellrott, MLA
chairman Rob Anderson and CEO Scott Hanson and the full board of MLA including
Brisbane-based Glen Burke.

Noel Grant retires

MY good mate Noel Grant, together with Peter Daniels and Jamie Long, formed
Grant Daniel & Long (GDL) in 1997. Noel has now decided to give it a rest after
45 years in the stock agency business. It has been a stellar career, with Noel
starting his agency stint with Australian Estates in 1967, then joining up with
the agency business of Eric Caton, Toowoomba in 1983, only to have this business
taken over by Primac a year later in 1984. He stayed with Primac until 1997 then
made the move forming GDL.

This company has prospered and grown into a major player in the agency game, and
today it can boast 13 GDL agency branches throughout Queensland.

It is pleasing to know that the GDL team will remain in good hands with Peter
Daniels and the talented GDL staff.

All the best to Noel and his wife Karen, and I am sure we will hear more of this
mover and shaker | so watch this space.

Ninooinbah leads way

I went for a drive with my good friend Angus Adnam to Beaudesert to see
Ninooinbah, owned by Euan and Kaye Murdock. They are breeding cattle sold under
contract and soon for sale at an on-farm auction. Ninooinbah is a magnificently
improved historic property that has been transformed in recent years to become a
leading cattle artificial breeding centre. It certainly is a credit to all
involved to see the level of commitment and professionalism involved at
Nindooinbah. The manager, Nick Cameron, showed us around the farm and we were
fortunate to meet vets Dr Doug Watson and Dr Rick Tindal, who were there
conducting trial work on splitting embryos at the time. We also saw the 180
registered PTIC Ultrablack heifers and 120 Stud PTIC Angus cows that are being
presented for sale on property on March 23. They looked a picture and I wish
them all the best on sale day.

Roma stores

More than 7500 head of cattle were penned at Roma's store sale on Tuesday. Good
lines of weaner cattle were yarded and attracted plenty of restocker buyer
competition. All the usual buyers were in attendance at the sale.

In some early sales, Ashling Grazing, Mitchell, sold Angus-cross steers to 261c
for 208kg to make $543.

The Whatmore family, Boatman, Morven, sold Droughtmaster EU steers, 254kg, for
242c to return $616. Simmac Pastoral Co, Mt Maria, Morven, sold Angus-cross
steers to 236c for 224kg to make $529.

Boothulla Grazing Co, Cooladdi, sold Droughtmaster steers, 308kg, to 226c to
return $697. The Yorkston family, Dalziel, Taroom, sold Santa cross steers to
210c for 354kg to make $744.

The Scott family, Quilpie, sold Charolais-cross steers to 204c for 392kg to
return $801. The Harland family, Glenolive, Injune, sold Santa steers to 198c
for 362kg to make $717.

Yackatoon Grazing Co, La Grantella, Wandoan, sold Droughtmaster steers, 381kg,
to 197c to return $751.

AuctionsPlus

Landmark

Col Campbell, Landmark AuctionsPlus coordinator reported that the majority of
the 5709 cattle in Friday's cattle sale came out of Queensland and Northern NSW.
In the north at Hughenden the best prices were for some quality lines of 288kg
Droughtmaster steers that attracted a lot of interest selling for 219c. Shane
Stretton, Landmark Charters Towers, listed and sold Brangus-cross and
Droughtmaster-cross steers weighing 270kg to 400kg averaging 328kg for 193c. At
Blackall, mixed-age Charbray-cross cows with Santa and Charolais calves at foot
made more than $1300 and 12-14 month 274kg cross bred weaner steers at Dalby
sold to 221c, while in the south light Angus weaner steers got to 290c. The
largest increase in numbers was for sheep numbers which rose sharply by 10,000
to see 71,114 head listed for sale. Younger Merino ewes that attracted the big
money last week were scarce, but one line of 18 month Haddon Rig blood ewes with
a 3in skin at Bourke still sold for $192. The bulk of Merino ewes were in the
five to seven year range making from $80 to $100.

Elders

Bob Jakins, Elders AuctionsPlus sales manager | Northern Regions has advised
that Clark & Tait will offer some excellent quality cattle in the AuctionsPlus
sale to be held on Friday, March 23. Clark & Tait are no strangers to
AuctionsPlus as their preferred marketing option for the sale of surplus cattle.
They have nominated the sale of 700 Santa Gertrudis No.1 steers, about 320-360kg
and about 120 heifers of the same age weighing an estimated 320kg. These cattle
will all be offered from Hobartville, Alpha and will be assessed by Gavin
Colwell from Elders Emerald. Clark & Tait will also offer 270-300 No.1 Santa
heifers weighing about 320kg from Mantuan Downs, Springsure and will be handled
by Rod Carpenter at Elders Springsure. This is a fantastic opportunity for
restockers to purchase large lines of one brand breeder cattle that come with an
excellent reputation. All cattle will be offered in truck loads and assessed
early next week. They will be accompanied by photos and videos and interested
buyers should contact either Gavin or Rod for full particulars.

Emerald sale

Matt Beard, Landmark reported early week rain diluted numbers back to 1600 head
at today's Emerald Sale. Although it was a very mixed quality offering, there
was plenty of solid competition and values improved for almost all descriptions
on last sales rates. Bullocks over 550kg topped at 183c to be firm at an average
of 178c; steers 500-550kg also topped at 183c to also average 178c, 3c dearer;
steers 400-500kg sold to 189c and averaged a firm 171c, while those in the
320-400kg range reached 211c to average 190c, a gain of 5c; 220-320kg steers
made to 239c to average 216c, an improvement of 12c, while steers under 220kgs
topped at 246c. All cows were 9-10cents dearer, those over 520kg selling to 160c
to average 152c, while 400-520kg cows made to 157c and average 144c. Heifers
over 400kg topped at 164c, 4c dearer at an average of 158c, heifers 300-400kg
sold to 191c and averaged 180c, a gain of 8c, those in the 220-320kg range
peaked at 202c and averaged 187c, while heifers under 220kg made to 195c.

Sale highlights included: David and Anne Prince, Meleleuca, Capella sold 625kg
Droughtmaster-cross bullocks for 180c or $1127, while Lloyd and Margaret
Hanrahan, Palari, Comet sold 607kg Charolais-cross bullocks to 180c and $1088.
The Beak family, Dunluce, Bluff sold 655kg Brahman-cross bullocks for 180c or
$1179. Stuart and Dianne Jeppesen, Olivevale, Comet sold 610kg Brahman-cross
bullocks to 180c or $1093.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             May 30, 1978, Tuesday

BYLINE: BY MARTIN WALDRON

SECTION: Section 2; Page 11, Column 1

LENGTH: 109 words

NJ Agriculture Dept officials say they expect especially heavy gypsy moth
influx.  Report that spraying of 33,000 acres of residential areas has begun.
Dept official William M Cranstoun says Sevin, a controversial pesticide, is
being used.  Claims researchers do not agree on danger.  Claims that only thing
department finds wrong with Sevin is that it kills aquatic insects, reducing
food for fish.  Points out that Sevin is licensed by EPA, and that NJ uses less
per acre than permitted by EPA.  Notes that NJ is also releasing 13 varieties of
wasps known to feed on gypsy moth eggs and caterpillars.  Details about gypsy
moth damage in past (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 150-7

              Copyright 1978 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                               September 7, 1993

Magnificent land offers spectacle and adventure

SECTION: Supplement; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 682 words


FOR the tourist entering Brazil for the first time, the sheer magnitude of the
country is staggering.

The fifth biggest country in the world, Brazil is the same size as the United
States, covering an area of 8.5 million square kilometres.

It is a cultural melting pot of people who arrived as immigrants from every
corner of the world.

The Portuguese navigator and explorer, Pedro Alvares Cabral, encountered the
aboriginal Tupi-Guarani Indians in the heavily afforested land in 1500.

His discovery opened the country to a steady influx of settlers from The
Netherlands, France, Portugal and Spain during the next 200 years. As
agriculture took root, thousands of slaves were shipped in from Africa to work
on sugar and cotton plantations.

Midway through the 19th century, freed from 322 years of colonial rule, Brazil
opened its doors to the world in a concerted attempt to exploit the riches of
its thinly populated regions.

The drive to attract immigrants brought a new influx of Germans, Italians,
Lebanese, Israelis, Japanese, Ukrainians, Poles, and Koreans.

German settlers brought technical skills, the Protestant faith, draught beer and
the Oktoberfest; Italians contributed with vineyards, pizza, macaroni and
Catholicism; Jews and Lebanese helped expand commerce; while Japanese brought
Buddhism, disciplined farming and sushi.

Brazil has a population of 156 million; 70 per cent below the age of 30.

As a tourist attraction, Brazil has almost everything: spectacle, excitement,
adventure and beauty.

Brazil's coastline stretches 7,400 kilometres along the Atlantic Ocean and is
rich in beautiful beaches and sheltered bays.

In the north, is the Amazon rain forest, which is directly responsible for the
production of 50 per cent of the Earth's replenishable oxygen supply.

The Amazon River and its tributaries hold 20 per cent of the world's supply of
fresh water and, of the 20 biggest rivers in the world, 10 are in the Amazon
basin.

The force of the water pouring out of the Amazon River at its mouth is so great
that it generates waves 12 metres high.

The twin gateways to the rain forests are the 19th century rubber towns of
Manaus and Belem. From Manaus, deep in the heart of the forest, the visitor can
take a day trip by boat to the "meeting of the waters", where the black waters
of the Rio Negro join the clearer waters of the Rio Solimoes and flow side by
side for several miles without mixing - a spectacular phenomenon.

The world's biggest water falls are found far in the south, at the confluence of
the Parana and Iguassu rivers, where the borders of Brazil, Paraguay and
Argentina meet.

About 275 waterfalls throw 630 cubic metres of water per second over a precipice
78 metres high. The roar of the falls can he heard several kilometres away.

The south is also home to the legendary gaucho - the Brazilian cowboy. The great
pampas are the feeding ground of vast herds of cattle tended by the poncho-clad
horsemen.

In the northeast, the Golden Coast offers some of Brazil's finest beaches dotted
along more than 3,200 kilometres of coast.

The two main cities are Recife, known as the "Brazilian Venice" because of its
canals, waterways and bridges, and Fortaleza.

The "Wondrous West" is centred at Brasilia, the capital. Famed for its
futuristic architecture, the city is also the gateway to a remarkable wildlife
reserve, the Pantanal. The huge lowland plain, covered with lush vegetation, is
home to a rich mix of plant and animal life, including jaguars, bobcats,
alligators, wild boars and countless species of birds.

Brazil's two biggest cities, Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo, are in the southeast,
and form the twin axis of the tourism's "thrilling circuit". The pace of life is
at its most frentic, the costumes most vivid, and the parties are seemingly
endless.

Brazil conjures up images of some of the most fascinating tourist attractions -
Copacabana Beach, Sugar Loaf Mountain, the Rio Carnival and the Maracana, the
world's biggest soccer stadium in the world's most soccer-crazed nation.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1993 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Straits Times

China faces "horrendous problems' over industrialisation

                                  May 19, 1993

Han Fook Kwang


SM Lee's visit to China

BEIJING -China faces horrendous problems as it modernises and makes the
transformation from an agricultural to an industrial country, Mr Lee Kuan Yew
said yesterday.

There would be a massive influx of people from rural areas to the booming
coastal regions, environmental problems with industrialisation and traffic
congestion in the cities.

Speaking to Singapore reporters, the Senior Minister pointed out that China's
growth today was confined to only the coastal and riverine cities which
benefited from their access to the sea and the outside world.

Other parts of the country which were landlocked suffered from inadequate road
and rail links to the major ports, and had not experienced the same growth.

But when growth took off, there would be a tremendous influx of population to
the cities, unless the government stopped the movement. This, however would lead
to other problems. "And if you stopped it, then the disparity between the
incomes of the coastal regions and riverine regions and the other provinces will
grow. So there are very severe imbalances which they will have to iron out," he
said.

Former French President Giscard d'Estaing had also spoken of the need not to
allow incomes in the agricultural sector to lag too far behind, at the recent
InterAction Council meeting in Shanghai, Mr Lee said. Noting that the sector
made up 80 per cent of the economy, he added: "So these are horrendous problems.
When they do take off, I mean, how do you educate them? Do they move into the
present cities or do they form new cities?"

Looking ahead 50 years, he said if China did what Taiwan and South Korea had
done, 85 to 90 per cent of its population would be in the non-agricultural
sector and living in towns and cities. That would be an enormous transformation,
he said, bringing with it a whole host of environmental problems.

The Senior Minister said Beijing's Mayor, Mr Li Qiyan, had told him that last
year the city's vehicle population had gone up by 60,000.

"He's built four ring roads, and every ring road buys him only a few months and
it's jammed up again," Mr Lee noted. -HAN FOOK KWANG.


SECTION: World; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 667 words

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 1993 The Straits Times Press Limited


                              387 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Argus Weekend (South Africa)

                               November 11, 2012
                                   E1 Edition

Poor hygiene, low-quality imports 'threaten SA's meat industry'

BYLINE:  JUNIOR BESTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 291 words


THE South African red meat industry could be under serious threat as a result of
poor hygiene standards and an influx of foreign meat products.

So says the managing director of hygiene and sanitation company Ecowize, which,
with the Red Meat Industry Forum, has called on the Department of Agriculture,
Forestry and Fisheries to provide a better food inspection agency.

Their demands come about a year after the scandal involving Muizenberg-based
meat supplier Orion Cold Storage, accused in a court application of relabelling
imported products and marking some pork products as halaal.

The case was settled after Orion denied the allegations and said it had been set
up.

The forum has now issued a statement in which it says stricter methods need to
be put into place for imported products.

And Ecowize managing director Gareth Lloyd-Jones warned that, unless there was a
sharp change in hygiene standards and controls surrounding imported meat, the
country would lose one of its largest agricultural sectors.

"Failing to improve local bio-security practices will result in the country
losing its export status.

Cheap, low-quality meats were being imported without rigorous inspections, he
said.

"The government's failure to enforce bio-security regulations in accordance with
international meat safety legislation has resulted in South Africa's meat
quality being regarded as Third World grade, thereby rendering it
uncompetitive," he said.

Lloyd-Jones said the department had also failed to implement the Meat Safety
Act, which obliges the government to set up an independent meat inspection
service for abattoirs, since 2000.

Department spokesman Steve Galane said it would respond during its portfolio
committee meeting this week.

junior.bester@inl.co.za

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CZ


                Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 16, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

ART;
12 KOREAN ARTISTS SHOW AT THORPE

BYLINE: By VIVIEN RAYNOR

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 14, Column 3; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1032 words


TO New Yorkers, the influx of Korean immigrants seems recent. But, in fact, it
dates to before the Sino-Japanese War of 1894-1895, when Korea was under Chinese
control, though did not begin in earnest until Japan gained control of the
country after its 1904-1905 war with Russia.

At first, the immigrants were mainly agricultural laborers, settling in Hawaii
and the western states. But since the mid-1960's, roughly half have been skilled
workers and professionals as intent on getting an American education for their
children and furthering their own as improving their economic lot. Hence, the
Korean community today is known for its scientists, teachers and intellectuals -
not to mention publications such as the well-written quarterly put out by its
cultural service - as well as for its ubiquitous greengrocer stores.

The 12 artists now showing at the Thorpe Intermedia Gallery in Sparkill (Route
340 in Rockland County) belong to this recent influx. Their ages ranging from
the early 30's to the early 50's, most were born in Korea and obtained at least
their bachelor's degrees there.

Given the American influence in South Korea, it is likely that some of the
Western inflections on their work were acquired before arriving in this country.
And although no corner of the art world is safe from Western influence, Kyu-Nam
Han, the show's guest curator and one of the exhibitors, has evidently taken
pains to choose artists who clearly reflect it.

But as usually happens in ethnic art exhibitions, the artists' backgrounds and
sources are not discussed, so viewers are left to figure out for themselves how
much of the imagery comes from within, how much is the result of calculated
cross-pollination.

Tough enough when the mixture is of two Western cultures, the task becomes
almost impossible when it is of West and East. To make matters more complex,
Korea has been obscured by China and Japan - unfairly so, considering its
ancient traditions of metalwork and celadon pottery and its invention of
moveable type.

Owing much to China, Korea nevertheless developed very differently, not only
because of its relatively small size but also because it became a nation under a
single administration in 668 A.D., remaining so until 1945. More important from
the cultural standpoint is that South Korea embraced the West to the extent that
today, nearly one-quarter of its roughly 38 million inhabitants are Christian.

Knowing all this doesn't exactly explain the duality of the Sparkill show but it
provides the viewer with a starting point. The most obviously Oriental of the
artists is Boon-Ja Choi, who, working in either black ink or bright acrylic
colors with gold, produces images that are both abstractions composed of a
myriad tiny, excruciatingly neat strokes and landscapes - a compromise that
winds up looking like textile design.

Aside from the huge disk of black paper inscribed like a record with a spiraling
graphite line, Sung-Ho Choi's sculpture reflects an Oriental concern for
materials, particularly the plank that is blackened with graphite and embossed
with a ''bark'' of slate fragments shaped like shark's teeth.

In-Kie Wang smudges fingers dipped in black ink or gray acrylic paint onto wide
sheets of paper, producing notations about landscape. One of these is
accompanied by the word ''willow'' cut out of the paper in the stencil face that
Jasper Johns and Robert Rauschenberg made their own.

Mi-Aie Moon's clouds and fields of color seem entirely Western in their Abstract
Expressionist technique, except for an occasional brushstroke that is more
calligraphic than automatist.

Byoung-Yong Lee, on the other hand, combines hard-edged geometry with passages
of gestural paint that bring Jim Dine to mind. At the bottom of this descending
scale of Orientalism are the heavily textured abstractions of Woong-Kim -
skillful but noncommittal blends of organic and geometric shapes.

Obsessiveness is a noticeable trait, as in Mr. Han's all-over patterns that -
composed of small rounded shapes arranged in rows - bring the work of the late
Kim Whanki to mind. Another example is Il Lee's diptych involving black tangles
on a brightly impastoed background. Automatist as this appears, it is the result
of a laborious process that begins with the artist blackening the canvas and
blocking out sections of it with tape on which he scribbles the black masses.
Cutting away the tape between the lines, the artist then applies his
multicolored impasto, removes the remainder of the tape to disclose the original
black priming, a shape whose contours are defined by the colors surrounding it.

The nearest thing to Neo-Expressionism is the large oil of black rocks piled up
in a landscape the color of blood, by Tchah-Sup Kim. Also by this artist is the
long canvas that has a smoothly painted, Hamlet-like figure cradling a skull
separated from an expressionistic approximation of Masaccio's ''Expulsion''
(from the Garden of Eden) by a field of green.

Yong-Jin Han's well-carved, sandwich-like arrangements of stone slabs seem like
elements of ancient Korean architecture while also implying some inspiration
from Isamu Noguchi.

A sculptor who sometimes shows an affinity to the early Giacometti, John Pai is
at his best in the steel composition where rods of various lengths poke like
trees through a ground that's an undulating sheet.

The most conceptual of the sculptors is Choong-Sup Lim, who cuts flat geometric
shapes out of wood, paints them white and gray and combines them with tapering
ladderlike forms into wall and floor arrangements.

A curator of Oriental art at the Metropolitan Museum once explained to the
reviewer that, though Abstract Expressionist gestures such as Franz Kline's look
like Eastern calligraphy, they are visual gibberish to their Oriental beholders
because they express nothing but themselves.

Mr Han, on the other hand, contends in his catalogue introduction that because
Western art has moved away from objective illusionism, the line dividing it from
Eastern art is disappearing. Perhaps it has gone underground, for although the
quality of this show is impeccable, its spirit is somehow uneasy. (Through March
9.)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of work by Il Lee

TYPE: REVIEW

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              389 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday

Cameron hints at 'emergency brake' on UK migrant influx

BYLINE: Michael Settle UK Political Editor

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 594 words


DAVID Cameron has dropped a heavy hint of a possible compromise in his crunch EU
renegotiation drive, responding positively to the alternative idea that Britain
could be given an "emergency brake" to stop the flow of migrants and ease
pressure on the UK's public services.

After admitting just 24 hours earlier that he was now in "no hurry" to seal a
deal at the February 18/19 European Council, the Prime Minister, during a press
conference in Prague, stressed that he was a "deeply practical" politician and
would look at alternatives to his proposal of a four-year benefit ban on
migrants if it achieved the same result of tempering the pull-factor to Britain.

The four-year ban is seen as the biggest stumbling block in Mr Cameron's attempt
to reshape Britain's relationship with Brussels.

While his host in Prague, Bohuslav Sobotka, the Czech Prime Minister, made clear
his government's opposition to any proposal that sought to discriminate between
EU citizens, he revealed how the idea of an emergency brake had been discussed
and would be "discussed further" to help the UK government respond to the "mass
influx of workers".

Mr Cameron said he was "very encouraged" that other countries were now putting
forward a number of "concrete" alternatives and that if there were other ways of
finding a "similarly powerful effect" in curbing the pull-factor, then he would
discuss them.

"I firmly believe there is a pathway to an agreement," declared the PM. "I am
confident that with the help of European partners and with goodwill we will be
able to get there and find genuinely mutually satisfactory conclusions."

After having a number of bilateral meetings with his European counterparts at
the World Economic Forum in Davos, he said: "I want to be able to demonstrate to
the British people solutions to the problems that they and I have identified
with our membership of the EU."

Mr Cameron added: "With goodwill we can get a good agreement in February and if
that agreement is available, I will take it and will campaign very hard for
Britain to stay in a reformed EU. If the deal is not ready in February, we don't
have to hold our referendum until the end of 2017.

"This is a once-in-a-generation chance to get these issues right."

If a deal cannot be done at the February 18/19 Brussels summit, the idea of a
special European Council before the end of next month is being floated to try to
finalise a deal on Mr Cameron's reform agenda. An agreement then would still
enable the PM to hold his preferred summer poll, probably on June 23.

Earlier, Wolfgang Schaeuble, the German finance minister, said he expected a
deal would be concluded "soon", warning so-called Brexit would leave the EU
weaker.

"I believe we will be able to find a solution for this. This is going to happen
soon. In February, we are going to have meetings, consultations. I am very
optimistic that Great Britain is going to remain an EU member state."

At Westminster, Lord Howard, the former Tory leader, delivered a gloomier
assessment of the PM's chances of securing a good enough reform deal to justify
keeping Britain in the EU. He said: "It is not looking very likely, I have to
say, that we are going to see a genuinely reformed European Union."

Elsewhere, the Leave campaign hailed the remarks of actor Sir Michael Caine, who
said: "Unless there are some extremely significant changes, we should get out."

Ukip leader Nigel Farage greeted Sir Michael's comment with a quote from the
film The Italian Job. "I welcome @themichaelcaine's support for #Brexit. Let's
blow the bloody doors off!"

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday

Agriculture dep't to ramp up meat production for regions

BYLINE: Sarwell Q. Meniano

SECTION: Pg. S1/7

LENGTH: 532 words


TACLOBAN CITY - The Agriculture department intends to attain self- sufficiency
in meat by 2016 and to supply the meat requirement of other regions in the next
10 years, an official said, citing the newly drafted livestock and poultry road
map.

The road map, according to Department of Agriculture (DA) Regional Executive
Director Antonio G. Gerundio aims to eliminate barriers to the growth of the
industry in the region.

Among these constraints, he noted, are low breeder base, high cost of breeder
and commercial stocks, poor access to technology, high input cost, diseases
incidence, influx of cheap imports, smuggling, and the wide gap between retail
price and farm-gate price.

"There's really a need to give more attention to the livestock sector since they
are less vulnerable to climate change. You can raise animals in the backyard and
they are less exposed to nature, unlike crops," Mr. Gerundio said in a media
briefing.

Mr. Gerundio also said that considering the lesser risk of the livestock sector
to global warming, this can help uplift the economic status of many poor
farmers.

Under the road map, the DA aims to increase the number of existing counts of
livestock to 316,000 heads of carabao; 23,000 heads of cattle; 186,000 heads of
goats; 900,000 heads of hogs, and 4.5 million heads of chicken.

Latest Bureau of Agriculture Statistics (BAS) data shows that as of mid-2011,
the region has 306,966 carabaos; 14,596 cattle; 86,694 goats; 636,179 hogs; and
3.08 million heads of chicken.

Citing BAS reports, DA livestock program coordinator Andrew T. Orais said that
the region is sufficient in pork, carabeef and chicken meat but there's a need
to sustain activities for the region to send surplus to other parts of the
country.

"In all commodities, the region is about 80% sufficient. Our weak point is on
the supply of eggs wherein we are only 40% self-sufficient because of low local
feed requirement," Mr. Orais told BusinessWorld.

From January to June 2011, the region produced only 1,693 metric tons (mt) of
eggs; lower than Central Visayas' 20,128 mt; and Western Visayas' 14,618 mt. The
province of Cebu remains the major source of Region 8's egg supply.

The DA said that they aim to increase egg production by 3% in the next five
years under the new road map. The road map will focus on disease control and
eradication, genetic resource improvement, meat safety and quality, capability
development, and stronger public and private partnerships.

In terms of genetic improvement, the DA will introduce superior quality genetics
through the male breeder loan program, unified national artificial insemination
program, and production farm development.

On animal health, the DA will assess the geographical distribution and
monitoring of diseases occurrences in the community using the Philippine Animal
Health Information System.

Among the animal diseases noted in the past are hemorrhagic septicemia,
surra/trypanosomosis, newcastle disease, hog cholera, fasciolosis and rabies.

"In the past two years, there has been no major disease incidence that
threatened the region. Cases were only sporadic and there's no cause for alarm
but we continue our regular monitoring," Mr. Orais added.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               December 19, 2000

Schroder condition on EU entry

BYLINE: Tony Paterson, Berlin

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages, Pg. 14

LENGTH: 186 words


Chancellor Gerhard Schroder proposed yesterday that eastern European workers
should be denied free movement in member states for up to seven years after
their countries join the EU.

The German leader was speaking in northern Bavaria, attempting to allay fears of
an influx of cheap labour from Poland and the Czech Republic when the EU is
expanded.

"If we were to allow complete and immediate freedom of movement for workers
after enlargement we would be confronted with a strong influx into Germany," he
said. "Sections of our employment market would not be able to cope with this."

He said his proposal would be put to member states and the commissioner for
enlargement, Gunter Verheugen, next year.

At the Nice summit a week ago the EU's 15 member states agreed reforms aimed at
allowing up to 12 states to join from 2003. Germany and France remain at
loggerheads on the key issue of Polish agricultural subsidies, which could delay
Poland's entry.

Mr Schroder's proposal is a marked departure from his recent promise in Warsaw
to ensure that Poland is among the first new EU members.


LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

FARMERS CALL FOR PROBE INTO ONION SMUGGLING

BYLINE: Jonathan Vicente

LENGTH: 268 words


OFFICIALS of the national association of onion growers and traders on Wednesday
called on the Senate Committee on Agriculture to investigate the unabated
smuggling of onions into the country which, they say, is killing the domestic
onion industry.

The Union of Growers and Traders of Onions of the Philippines said the influx of
smuggled onions poses a great threat to the livelihood of thousands of onion
farmers nationwide.

Association members said that government inaction could imperil the jobs of
farmers and traders in Nueva Ecija, Pangasinan, Nueva Vizcaya, Mindoro and parts
of the Ilocos region.

The farmers challenged Sen. Ramon Magsaysay Jr., chairman of the Senate
Committee on Agriculture, to inquire into the onion smuggling to save the onion
industry.

In the onion-producing province of Nueva Ecija, the group said, about 14,000
hectares of onion plantation provide jobs and business to more than 500,000
farmers and traders.

The group has urged President Arroyo to investigate the alleged "unholy"
alliance between top officials of the Department of Agriculture and foreign
importers, who are allegedly behind the rampant importation and smuggling of
onions from India.

The growers and traders of onions called for the immediate resignation of
Agriculture Secretary Domingo Panganiban and top officials of the Bureau of
Plant Industry for allegedly approving the importation of some two million sacks
of onions from India that reportedly entered the country without the required
"pest risk analysis" from the department.

Import documents show that the Bureau of Customs has released the Indian onions.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Plans/Strategy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2006 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               Global News Bites


                              393 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Advocate (Perth, Australia)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Early warning over stable fly

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 294  words


MILD winter conditions may lead to an earlier than expected influx of stable fly
in Gingin, according to the Department of Agriculture and Food.

Department researcher Bob Paulin said decaying organic matter associated with
vegetable harvesting would be the major source of stable fly.

Mr Paulin said vegetable crops with bulky harvest residues that took more than
seven days to decompose presented the greatest risk because they helped complete
the fly lifecycle.

Stable fly breeds mainly in vegetable crop residues and raw manure, Mr Paulin
said.

It looks similar to a house fly and tends to come in large waves.

To complete its lifecycle, stable fly needs to feed on fresh blood, mainly from
cattle and horses.

The fly is hard to swat and keeps on biting, so it is very annoying to humans.
But horses and cattle are the real victims as they have little skin protection
and cannot keep the pest at bay.

When stable fly is present in large numbers, animals lose condition due to
repeated biting. In hot weather they can suffer severe heat stress when forced
to herd together for protection.

Mr Paulin said in high risk situations, landholders were urged to spray
vegetable residues with registered insecticides before mulching and
incorporating into the soil.

He said the use of raw poultry manure was banned from September to May in local
government areas affected by stable fly from Gingin to Bunbury.

After September 2011 it will be banned throughout the year in those areas.

Managing fly breeding is an important responsibility to neighbours and other
rural industries, Mr Paulin said.

Failure to prevent breeding can leave people liable to prosecution.

He recommended people contact their council environmental health officer if they
did now know if their area was affected.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAD


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Who can become an Indian citizen?

BYLINE: sanjib baruah

LENGTH: 1156  words


It is not hard to guess why the joint parliamentary committee (JPC) reviewing
the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 decided at the last minute to postpone
the public hearings in Assam it had scheduled for the first week of November.
The decision apparently was made after RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat met Chief
Minister Sarbananda Sonowal. Too much of a spotlight on the citizenship
amendment bill, they seem to have concluded, could hurt the party's electoral
prospects in the by-election in Lakhimpur - the BJP won the seat, though with a
reduced margin.

Watch What Else Is Making News

No one familiar with the deeply contested history of immigration and citizenship
in Assam should be surprised that the citizenship amendment bill would be
controversial in Assam. It has rekindled the long-standing foreigner
controversy. Opinion is divided along expected lines between the Brahmaputra
Valley and the Barak Valley that nurture very different memories of the
Partition.

The bill's staunchest critics are the old guard of the Assam Movement. Since
Sonowal himself was one of its prominent leaders, he has been criticised for not
openly objecting to the bill. But the vociferous opposition by some of Sonowal's
one-time comrades in the Assam Movement, who are now leaders of regional parties
and allies of the BJP-led state government, has made the bill politically toxic
for the BJP.

The BJP must reconsider the bill, says the AGP president and Assam's agriculture
minister, Atul Bora, since it had promised to implement the Assam Accord. The
controversy threatens to unravel the coalition that brought the BJP-led alliance
to power in the state only a few months ago.

Electoral tacticians will have no trouble understanding the decision. But the
JPC's action sends troubling signals: The ruling party appears unwilling and
unprepared to engage in a serious public debate on an issue that involves how
the membership in the nation is defined. Winning elections by any means
necessary is its priority.

Critics of the bill have expressed concern that it could trigger a new influx of
Hindu refugees from Bangladesh. Former Assam chief minister and AGP
founder-president Prafulla Kumar Mahanta has said that religious persecution of
Hindus in Bangladesh is not as much of an issue under the Sheikh Hasina
government than what it once was. He points out that more than 29,500 Durga
pujas were held in Bangladesh this year and that many of them had received
financial assistance from the government.

Mahanta's statement is entirely consistent with the Modi government's policy
towards Bangladesh. The concern that the change in India's citizenship laws
could trigger a new influx is not out of place. Yet the BJP accuses Mahanta of
"causing confusion" on the issue by opposing the bill. A BJP leader has charged
that the AGP did little to implement the Assam Accord when it was in power under
Mahanta's leadership. But whatever the shortcomings of the Mahanta-led AGP
government, the reason for its failure to implement the Assam Accord is not hard
to find. Most people in Assam understand the main obstacle to be the IMDT law:
It had severely limited the government's capacity to act.

When in 2005 the Supreme Court declared the law unconstitutional, it said in its
ruling that the IMDT law had created "insurmountable difficulties" for the
government in the identification of unauthorised immigrants living in Assam.
Indeed the court had agreed with much of what the leaders of the Assam Movement
were saying. The IMDT law, said the apex court, encouraged massive illegal
migration from Bangladesh to Assam and that it was the "main barrier" to
identifying illegal immigrants.

Ironically, the BJP's evident disinclination to openly engage in a public debate
on the citizenship amendment bill reminds people in Assam of the way in which
the IMDT law was passed. The seventh Lok Sabha elected in 1980 had enacted the
IMDT law in 1983. While the 1980 election is remembered in the rest of India for
sweeping Indira Gandhi back to power, the memory of that election is very
different in Assam. The Assam Movement had just begun and its organisers had
called for a boycott of the elections. Elections could be held in only two of
Assam's 14 parliamentary constituencies - both located in the Barak Valley,
where the Assam Movement had little resonance. Thus a law that had more
consequences for Assam than for any other part of the country was passed by
Parliament at a time when Assam was grossly under-represented. That's not how a
deliberative law-making body should function.

One hopes that Parliament this time will not make the same mistake: That it will
do more to facilitate public participation and public input in the course of
legislating the citizenship amendment bill. A thorough discussion of the bill,
however, requires that its goals be spelt out in a more transparent manner.

The proposed amendment, in its current formulation, seeks to exclude
undocumented immigrants belonging to certain minority communities of
Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Pakistan - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis
and Christians - from the category of illegal migrants making them eligible to
apply for Indian citizenship. The list of religious minorities excludes Muslim
groups like the Ahmadis, certainly a persecuted religious minority in Pakistan.

It is hard not to read the proposed amendment as being about something else: To
deal with what some people have long taken to be a piece of unfinished business
of the Partition. They believe that Indian citizenship laws should recognise a
right of return of Hindus from Pakistan and Bangladesh to India, similar to the
right of Jews to return to Israel, or of ethnic Germans to Germany. Those of
this persuasion are unhappy with the Indian Constitution's rejection of the
two-nation theory since Indian law cannot distinguish between Hindu and Muslim
arrivals from Pakistan and Bangladesh. The real purpose of the citizenship
amendment bill seems to be to introduce this distinction into India's
citizenship laws.

The implications of the amendment are huge, not only for Assam, but for the rest
of India and the subcontinent. The Constitution's rejection of the two-nation
theory is crucially important for the status of Indian Muslims as equal
citizens. The proposed amendment will impact not only the sense of security of
Indian Muslims, but also the future security of Hindus in Bangladesh, and the
credibility of India's historical position on the Kashmir question.

Whatever the form the amendment finally takes, there is no alternative to
developing a shared understanding of the issue through a hard national
conversation. The implications of the bill are far more profound than the
innocuous formulation "persons belonging to minority communities, namely,
Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Afghanistan,
Bangladesh and Pakistan.. shall not be treated as illegal migrants" might
suggest.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             June 4, 2009 Thursday

Farm dep't seeks ways to cut costs of poultry, livestock producers

BYLINE: Neil Jerome C. Morales

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 220 words


THE AGRICULTURE department will encourage the location of livestock, poultry and
corn feed producers near each other in a bid to cut their costs, a statement
yesterday read.

The department will encourage more feed milling and hog- and chicken- growing
ventures in corn producing areas and corn planting activities around hog- and
chicken-producing areas, Agriculture Assistant Secretary Salvador S. Salacup
said in the press release.

"The advantage is it will be easy to source corn. The poultry farmers could also
finance corn planting themselves," Carlos B. Mendoza, officer- in-charge
executive director of the Livestock Development Council, explained in a phone
interview.

Albert R. T. Lim, Jr., president of the National Federation of Hog Farmers,
Inc., said in a separate interview: "that will be good because it will reduce
long and expensive travel costs."

The poultry, hog and corn industries are bracing for the influx of cheaper
duty-free pork, poultry and corn imports from Southeast Asian neighbors next
year. Under the country's commitment to the Association of Southeast Asian
Nations Free Trade Area-Common Effective Preferential Tariff, import duties on
pork and poultry meat will be cut to 0%-5% next year from 20% this year and 30%
last year, while tariffs for corn will drop to 0%-5% from the current 35%-50%

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Agriculture vital: Tomscoll

BYLINE: DONALD WILLIE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 268 words


AGRICULTURE and Livestock Minister Tommy Tomscoll has stressed the importance of
agriculture for the working class citizens after retirement.

He said agriculture is the only sector a retired public servant, worker or even
a politician can fall back on after retirement.

He said many workers have relied too heavily on the life savings in
superannuation but only disappointed to find out that even that is not enough to
keep themselves and the family going for a long time.

"We continue to use an outdated colonial legislation that no longer protects our
economy, it opens our economy to influx of foreign traders and foreign takeover
of our economy," Mr Tomscoll said.

"I have attended many meeting and chaired some and the issues that come to the
forefront with biosecurity, very much, is the issue on how to enhance trade
domestically and how biosecutiry laws are used to protect the economy."

He said the responsibility of public servants is to create wealth for this
country.

"I am aware that many public servants have not thought of their future. After
leaving their jobs, they have ended up in their villages while others are now
living in settlements,' Mr Tomscoll said.

"Is this the part you will travel down to? Because when they were in position
like you are in today, they forgot something. They forgot to create wealth for
this country and for the people."

He said the future of ordinary people lies in the agriculture sector.

He urged all to prepare a future for the people so that when they are shifted
from the working class in urban areas to life in the villages, they can have
something to fall back on.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                             August 1, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

WTO and the sin of protection

BYLINE: Al Pope, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Nordicity; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 709  words


World Trade Organization talks collapsed in Geneva this week when developing
nations declined to give up the right to impose protective tariffs in the case
of a sudden influx of cheap imports.

In a fit of frustration, US Trade Representative Susan Schwab described this
stand as "blatant protectionism."

The Oxford Dictionary defines blatant as "flagrant, unashamed." In other words,
the adjective implies guilt. In the globalist world, it is a sin to protect
Third World farmers.

By an odd quirk of language, it's not at all blatant to protect giant
agribusinesses in wealthy countries.

The same agreement, if signed, would have permitted the US to increase farm
subsidies up to $14.5 billion.

If you are a farmer in the Third World, the chances are you scrape a bare living
by selling your produce in the local market. When that market becomes flooded by
cheap subsidized foreign food, you go broke.

Most likely, your only option is to move to the slums where, if you're lucky,
you and your children may be able to compete for sweatshop jobs. This is what
the WTO calls "lifting millions out of poverty."

Since NAFTA, millions of Mexicans have been lifted, if not out of poverty, at
least off their land, by an influx of subsidized American corn. The same is true
for thousands of slum-dwelling Haitians who once farmed rice, and for the
now-extinct small-scale Caribbean banana farmer.

According to Schwab, "In the face of the global food price crisis, it is ironic
that the debate came down to how much and how fast could nations raise their
barriers to imports of food."

The question arises, where is the irony?

After 30 years of the WTO and its globalist project, millions, even billions,
are still poor.

In many cases, poorer than ever.

True, the millions of cars smogging up the Beijing air belong mostly to people
who have improved their incomes since Chairman Mao's time, but while many have
improved their lot, many more are starving.

When all the farmers have given up and moved to the slums, the only food left to
eat comes from imports. And we all know what happens once local competition is
squeezed out.

For people living in poverty, a rise in the price of food can cause starvation.

This situation occurred in much of the developing world this year.

Now that global warming has become so obvious a fact of modern life that even
Canada's Conservatives have acknowledged its existence, it's about time we took
another look at so-called "international free trade."

What exactly does the world get in return for all the oil we spend on container
ships, besides millions of tonnes of greenhouse gases?

The globalist deal is fairly simple. Wealthy countries offer market access to
their well-heeled consumers.

All we ask in return is everything you have: your resources, your environment,
your dignity as workers, and finally your independence as a nation.

A great deal of effort goes into convincing the citizens of both poor and
wealthy countries that this is a good deal.

Here in the West we get cheap trade goods, for which we have traded well-paying
jobs.

In the Third World, they get poor-paying jobs, for which they have traded their
air, their water, their culture and their economic sovereignty.

In both worlds, the stock of billionaires increases dramatically.

The globalist deal is offered regardless of your human rights record, your
political system, your threat to world peace, your treatment of workers, your
environmental standards -- no wait, strike those last two.

You will be required to maintain very low wage, safety, and environmental
standards in order to remain competitive.

There is nothing sacred about the WTO's vision of untrammeled international
trade.

Globalism does a great job of increasing wealth, but it fails miserably at
distributing it fairly.

It encourages overuse of resources, both in manufacturing and transportation,
and it hastens the growing climate disaster.

After the WTO deal's collapse, an angry Schwab told reporters, "It is
unconscionable that we could have come out with an outcome that rolled the
global trading system back not by one year or five years, but by 30 years."

Well, better late than never.

Al Pope won the 2002 Ma Murray Award for Best Columnist in BC/Yukon. His novel,
Bad Latitudes, is available in bookstores.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2008 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               September 18, 1997

Plans for RM3b reduction in food imports from 2000

BYLINE: By Zubaidah Abu Bakar

SECTION: National; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 415 words

DATELINE: Sungai Petani


SUNGAI PETANI, Wed. - The Agriculture Ministry, concerned with the
increasing volume of imported food items, plans to reduce the imports by
RM3 billion from the year 2000.

The ministry hopes to achieve this through various expansion programmes
to be largely undertaken by 265 farmers' organisations in the country.

Deputy Agriculture Minister Datuk Tengku Mahmud Mansor said today the
organisations would diversify their activities and produce as many food
items as they could to minimise imports in the next few years.

The country imported RM8 billion worth of food items including
vegetables, fruits, dairy products, meat, fish and maize for animal feed
in 1995.

The volume of imports increased to RM9.2 billion last year and it was
projected that the amount would exceed RM10 billion this year.

"This trend is largely due to the sharp increase in population as
compared to food production.

"The influx of foreign workers in the past few years, who now number
about 1.5 million, is the main cause for the increase in demand for food
items since they are not involved in food production but in other fields,"
he said.

Speaking to reporters after visiting the Merbok Area Farmers
Organisation's aquaculture project at Tanjung Dawai near here, Mahmud said
because of unsuitable climate and soil conditions and to some extent,
economic factors, the country would still have to import certain food
items.

These included mandarin oranges consumed during Chinese New Year,
apples, milk and dairy products and maize for animal feed.

"Besides encouraging Area Farmers' Organisations to plant a variety of
vegetables and fruits to cater to local needs, the other measure which
could reduce the import of food items is for the people to consume locally
produced items.

"For instance, instead of asking for a fresh orange drink, which is
squeezed from imported oranges, we could opt for juices of fruits which
are produced locally," he said.

Tengku Mahmud said commercial padi farming through mini-estates and
integrated farming projects would also be expanded to increase rice
production.

Besides emphasising activities in the country's eight rice bowls, the
private sector's participation in the opening of new mini estates was also
encouraged, he added.

"Although the ministry had planned for 70 per cent of the country's rice
requirement to be met locally, it will not make the figure static as our
population is increasing," he said.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 1997 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              399 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Dalby Herald (Queensland)

                                  May 14, 2013

Hopper questions Seeney

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 232  words


DEPUTY premier Jeff Seeney's recent comments that land owners have accepted the
influx of CSG mining on the Darling Downs are not sitting well with Condamine
member Ray Hopper.

Mr Seeney said at a Toowoomba Chamber of Commerce Breakfast that the two
industries needed to coexist.

But Mr Hopper said Mr Seeney's statements were not representative of farmers
across the Western Downs.

"What planet did he just fall off?" he said.

"I was disappointed to hear the deputy premier say that farmers will not have a
say in whether their land can be mined."

Mr Seeney said both mining and agriculture were compatible in the region.

"We will continue to ensure the agriculture sector is an equal partner in the
coexistence debate," Seeney said.

The comments have not deterred Mr Hopper, who remains confident his CSG bill
will pass.

"It's going to be very hard for Jeff Seeney to knock back my bill," he said.

Mr Hopper's bill proposes that CSG mining is banned east of the Condamine River
and on prime agricultural land.

He said the Condamine electorate was bursting with fertile land.

"My electorate is filled with the richest land in Queensland."

A map outlining these areas has yet to be released by the State Government.

"It was supposed to be mapped by last Christmas," Hopper said.

Mr Seeney said the statutory regional plan, due out at the end of the month,
would outline a coexistence strategy.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TDH


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Southland Times (New Zealand)

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Westpac salutes influx

BYLINE: RICHARD MEADOWS

SECTION: BUSINESS; NATIONAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 564 words


Westpac's rapid profit growth has slowed, but the bank expects a big influx of
credit-card customers to be a "game-changer".

The Australian-owned bank's New Zealand arm made a $441 million net profit in
the six months to March 31, up 2 per cent on the same period last year.

While that figure is technically a new record high, the bank's steady lending
growth was largely offset by an increase in provisions for bad debts.

Chief executive David McLean said winning the Air New Zealand Airpoints credit
card partnership from BNZ was "a bit of a game-changer in the market at the
moment".

The bank had already received more than 27,500 applications, 70 per cent of
which had been approved on the spot "with just a few clicks" through a
streamlined online application form.

While the official changeover date has been and gone, McLean said he expected
the influx of new customers to ramp up even more.

"People are only really getting around to it now. We think the next few weeks
are probably the critical period where most people will be switching," McLean
said.

Chief product officer Shane Howell said the goal was to secure new customers
across multiple products, with an Airpoints- linked mortgage also on offer.

"This is such a big acquisition opportunity for us to win customers through a
credit card, but make them whole-of-bank customers over a period of time," he
said.

Other banks are also fighting hard for credit card market share, not least the
BNZ itself, which has introduced a new cash-back rewards scheme.

ANZ recently renewed its partnership with Air NZ for a further five years, and
said applications had "accelerated", while Kiwibank had received more than 7000
applications.

However, Massey University banking expert David Tripe questioned how valuable
credit card customers were.

"Credit cards don't make a huge impact on bank income levels and bank profits,"
he said.

"They're a relatively small part of banks' overall business."

Tripe said the BNZ in particular tended to have a high proportion of customers
whose credit card was their sole relationship with the bank.

"One of the dangers Westpac will face is they'll get those customers as well.

"[But] it's better than having no relationship - it isn't all bad," he said.

Westpac's mortgage lending growth of 5 per cent was in line with the market,
while a focus on agriculture accounted for half the growth in its business
lending portfolio.

The downward spiral of milk prices means many dairy farmers were entering dire
financial straits, but Tripe said Westpac's interest in the sector was less
concerning than other more heavily exposed banks.

McLean said the bank had only about 12 per cent market share in agri, which it
wanted to bring in line with its roughly 20 per cent overall banking presence.

"We're doing it with our eyes wide open and being very careful about the
business we write," he said.

"It's not going full-bore all the time to try and get to that level. We've got a
long term ambition."

Westpac's parent company of the same name reported a flat profit of A$3.78
billion (NZ$3.93b), below analysts' expectations.

The bank announced an interim fully franked dividend of A93c a share, up 3 per
cent from the same time last year. Fairfax NZ

--------------------

CAPTION:

Westpac NZ chief executive David McLean says he expects the biggest migration of
displaced credit card customers is yet to come.

Picture: FAIRFAX NZ

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           November 21, 1976, Sunday

BYLINE: BY GENE I MAEROFF

SECTION: Page 61, Column 1

LENGTH: 114 words

Gene Maeroff survey repts increasing enrollment at agr colleges because of
concern about world food crisis and interest in environment.  Students pursue
all phases of food production, lured by high employment prospects and careers
close to nature.  Influx of students has lifted academic standards of agr
institutions.  Much of rise is accounted for by increasing enrollment of women
and urban youth.  Women report prejudice in classroom and job market.  16
traditionally black land-grant colleges have not participated in agr enrollment
boom reptdly because Agr Dept has not channeled Fed aid into them.  Graph
showing increase in number of agr students between '63 and '76 (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: Survey-Series 32

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Graph

              Copyright 1976 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              402 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 22, 1999, CITY EDITION

EU ministers prepare for marathon talks on farm cuts

BYLINE: By PATRICK SMYTH, European Correspondent

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: LUXEMBOURG


The temperature rose sharply yesterday in Luxembourg as EU foreign ministers
plunged into the serious bargaining phase of budget reform and angry farmers
prepared to rally against cuts. In Brussels police yesterday surrounded EU
institutions and a sizeable part of the European quarter with a ring of barbed
wire ahead of today's expected influx of 30,000 farmers.

Farm ministers convene today for a marathon meeting due to start after they have
met representatives of protesting farmers and which may well last until the
weekend to see if they can break the agriculture logjam in the talks.

The Minister of Agriculture, Mr Walsh, will express special concern at the
current proposals to cut dramatically guaranteed beef and dairy prices without
compensating farmers fully.

In Luxembourg yesterday, where foreign ministers were preparing next Friday's
mini-summit in Bonn, sharp words were exchanged as the German presidency again
demanded painful cuts in structural funds and farm spending. There are growing
fears that a serious summit clash will be inevitable.

"We are prepared to take some pain, but are unwilling to be crucified," an angry
Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr Andrews, told journalists after German
ministers had demanded a cutback in the transition for former Objective 1
regions from six years to four, the ending of "cohesion funding" to
euro-members, and multi-billion pound cuts in the overall structural funds
budget.

Mr Andrews said such proposals represented the difference between a "soft
landing and a crash landing". Sources close to the Taoiseach now expect Friday's
Bonn summit to produce sparks as heads of government for the first time set out
their bottom lines for the negotiations which are supposed to conclude a month
later in Berlin. Mr Andrews, it is understood, later interrupted the summing up
by the German Foreign Minister, Mr Joschka Fischer, describing it as unfair. Mr
Ahern will today describe such proposals as "dramatically adverse for Ireland
even in comparison with the Commission's proposals". In an important declaration
on the Irish position on Agenda 2000 to the Irish Council of the European
Movement, Mr Ahern will also admit publicly for the first time that he expects
Ireland to become a net contributor to the EU in 2007. The aggressive German
posture, although clearly a negotiating position, may raise questions about the
wisdom of the early Irish conditional welcome for the Commission's Agenda 2000
proposals. At that stage it was felt the negotiations would centre on finding a
happy middle line between the national position and the Commission.

As one Irish diplomat put it last night "the trouble is now that every new
contribution to the talks adds an element on the far side of the Commission
proposals. They have simply pocketed our acceptance of the Commission proposals
and upped the ante". Up to 5,000 police will try to prevent a repeat of 1971,
when 70,000 farmers ran amok in the city and one protester died. Belgian farmers
have been banned from moving tractors more than 10km from their land and farmers
with 62 tractors and lorries from northern Italy have been held at the frontier
with Luxembourg since last Thursday.

Shops and offices on the route of the march have been warned by police to close
shutters and remove any visible EU symbols.

In his speech today Mr Ahern will attempt to sketch out a bottom-line position
for Irish negotiators, acknowledging the contribution that EU funds have made to
the success of the Irish economy but warning of the structural deficit the State
still faces.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                              403 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Cultural show for Hela

BYLINE: ANDREW ALPHONSE

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 508 words


THE first ever annual Hela provincial cultural and agriculture show was launched
last Saturday at Koroba government station.

Show chairman Mark Bibilia said the show was aimed at promoting and reviving the
fast dying Hela cultures and traditions. It also promoted Hela organic food
production in the new province.

Mr Bibilia said the show also aimed at promoting the protection of the
environment and wildlife throughout the Hela region. Mr Bibilia said there were
more people involved in agriculture and cultural activities throughout the
entire Hela valley but there was no avenue for them to showcase their products
and the show would give them the ideal opportunity to showcase their vast
cultures, traditions and varieties of rich agricultural products.

Mr Bibilia also said with all the hype and hustle-bustle of the multi-billion
kina PNG LNG project booming in the new Hela Province, all the attention had
suddenly shifted towards the LNG project with the high influx of people from
outside of Hela and PNG.

He said it was also dangerous that the impact of the LNG project may see the
traditional cultures and way of life fast diminishing with the western
influence.

He said the LNG project was also making the once industrious Hela people lazy as
each day, the locals flock to the LNG project sites in Komo, Nogoli, Hides and
Hides 4 areas to marvel at the newly introduced heavy machinery and equipment of
all shapes, makes, size and models working on the LNG project.

He said the show would try to attract the attention of the people to work their
land while still maintaining their past traditions and cultures. Mr Bibilia said
the show would be staged each year from Dec 19 - 21 at Koroba station.

He said several compnaies including leading soft drink manufacturer Coca Cola,
mobile network company Digicel and Mt Hagen based hardware and farming supplying
company Farmset Limited.

Mr Bibilia said the show was for the entire Hela people from the five ancestral
Hela brothers from Hela Huli, Hela Tuna, Hela Tugupa, Hela Hewa and Hela Opene
where more than 15 cultures and traditions including the different ways of
dressing and way of life would be showcased.

He said apart from the world famous Huli wigmen dances, there were many other
rich and unique traditional singsing and dressings from long ancestral times and
before it fast died out or was forgotten, the show would provide opportunities
for the old to impart the skills and knowledge and the traditions to the younger
Hela generations.

Meanwhile, over 500 participants gathered to showcase the different food crops
and traditional cultures at the launching in Koroba. Among them was the
traditional Wandari mapaka dress where young Huli girls long time ago dressed to
display their beauty and womanhood in preparation for adulthood and marriage
life. Local Koroba woman Vero Ikipe said the wandari mapaka dress was a long
forgotten and traditional Huli young girls' dressing where young girls dress up
in full traditional gear to attract young men and in anticipation for marriage
life.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                          September 22, 2012 Saturday

Illegal Bangla immigrants: myth or reality

LENGTH: 1369 words

DATELINE: Guwahati


Guwahati, Sept. 22 -- It is evident from the sequence of events that followed
the violence in the Bodoland Territorial Administered District (BTAD) areas in
Assam, that the country, particularly the political establishment, cannot
continue to neglect the illegal immigrants issue as a myth. That a few doctored
smses/mmses allegedly originating in Pakistan can cause panic and result in the
mass exodus of thousands of Indians belonging to one region of the country from
another region of the country also exposes the fragility of India's
socio-political fabric built on the oft touted theme of unity in diversity. This
is a consequence of sixty five years of divisive politics, opportunism and
corruption which have repeatedly undermined the guiding principles of our
Constitution which were incorporated to make India cohesive and progressive. The
illegal immigrants issue is a manifestation of the prevalent unethical and
divisive political and governing practices which have pervaded the system. The
issue which has frayed the time-tested bonds of socio-communal harmony in Assam
has been allowed to fester and remain unresolved despite the Assam Accord signed
in 1985 only in the interests of vote-bank politics. But the recent nationwide
repercussions over the issue shows that henceforth the country can continue to
ignore the reality only at its own peril.

There is nothing communal about the issue as people from the minority community
have been peacefully co-existing in Assam's heterogeneous society for centuries.
However in Assam even within the community there are distinct divisions. There
are those in the community who came to Assam in the 18th century or earlier as a
part of the invading Moghul armies and remained to settle down here mainly in
the upper Assam region. Another stream which settled mainly in the central Assam
districts of then undivided Nowgong and Darrang migrated from the Sylhet and
Mymensing districts of erstwhile undivided Bengal and later East-Pakistan in the
pre and post-independence eras but before the creation of Bangladesh in 1971. Of
more recent origin is the post-1971 unabated influx of illegal immigrants from
Bangladesh who are settled mainly in the border districts.

Except for their religion there is nothing common culturally, socially or
politically amongst them. On the contrary those who came first have assimilated
completely into the Assamese society and contributed significantly towards its
socio-cultural evolution. Even though the migrants who came later in the
twentieth century but before 1971 retained some of their cultural and social
mooring, they adopted Assamese as their mother tongue and are today the backbone
of the State's agriculture and unskilled labour force. There has never been any
dispute or controversy about their resident status or citizenship as they are
accepted as an inalienable part of the multifaceted Assamese community. In fact
they themselves feel threatened by the large-scale influx and the government's
policy of appeasing muslims of foreign origin and have formed the All Assam
Khilonjia Axomiya Unnayan Parishad for the welfare of the nearly 30 lakh
indigenous Assamese muslims.

The real issue is about the post March 25th 1971 illegal immigrants from
Bangladesh. Their citizenship status, their enrollment on the electoral rolls of
Assam dubiously, their continued influx and in nearly three decades the State
and Central governments complete failure to implement some of the vital clauses
of the Assam Accord such as sealing the international border to stop the influx,
providing constitutional safeguards to the indigenous people or protecting the
democratic rights of the genuine Indian citizens from being subverted by illegal
immigrants. Giving the issue a linguistic and communal slant just because an
overwhelming number of the migrants happen to be Bengali muslims, or citing
fertility rates or trying to downplay the growing threat by comparing Assam's
decadal growth rate with the national average are attempts to skirt the real
issue.

It is true that on the whole in the last two decades Assam's population growth
has declined and been below the national average. From a population growth rate
of 18.92% in 1991-2001 it fell to 16.93% in 2001-2011 against the national
average of 21.34% and 17.64% respectively. But the reality is that out of the 27
districts of Assam the minority dominated border districts registered a high
decadal growth rate of 22%-25%. Whereas the rest of the districts recorded much
lower growth rates with the eastern districts recording a growth rate of only
9%. This significant difference in the population growth rates between the
minority dominated districts bordering Bangladesh and the rest of the State is
unusual and cannot be dismissed lightly.

Sociologists hold that the population growth rate of muslims in India is higher
in comparison to other religious groups, not only because of their higher
fertility rate due to socio-economic conditions, but also because of an influx
of migrants from Bangladesh.

This influence can be seen on the growth rates of the muslim population in India
which dipped from 30.8% in 1961-1971 to 22.9% in 1971-1981, rising abruptly to
34.5% in 1981-1991 and reaching 36.1% in 1991-2001. The dip suggests an ebb in
influx and the increase thereafter the influence of influx on the growth rates
due to renewed immigration probably because of economic deprivation in
Bangladesh. During the corresponding period the figures for the muslim
population as a proportion of the total population of Assam followed a similar
trend falling from 25.30% in 1961-1971 to 24.36% in 1971-1981, then rising
steadily to 28.43% in 1991, 30.92% in 2001 and 34.7% in 2011. Moreover from
1971-2011 while Assam recorded a 10% increase in the proportion of its muslim
population, it was only 3.4% for the country. This marked difference cannot be
attributed to natural causes as it is unrealistic to expect the fertility rate
of the community in Assam to vary so widely with rest of the community in the
country.

Other census demographic indicators such as the average annual natural growth
rate (i.e. births/1000 -deaths/1000) and language wise population growth in
Assam indicate an influx from Bangladesh. From 1971-2001 while Assam's average
annual natural growth rate was 19, its muslim population grew at an average rate
of 34/1000.

Incidentally this was even higher than the average annual growth rate of the
muslim population in Bangladesh at 24.4/1000. Language wise from 1971-2001 the
proportion of Assamese speaking people declined by 9% from 70.1%-60.8, while
people speaking Hindi and other languages registered a nominal increase of
1%-2%. However the percentage of Bengali speaking people increased by 8% from
19.7% to 27.5%, with the highest increase of 11% -13% being in the border
districts. Whereas in the rest of the state it was comparatively lower at 1%-2%.

In real terms the muslim population in Assam has increased from 36 lakhs in 1972
to 108 lakhs in 2011. An increase of 300%. That the increase has been mainly in
the population of Bengali muslims concentrated in the border districts is
indicative of illegal immigration from Bangladesh. However over the years the
immigrants have been shifting inwards and recent reports of them encroaching
even the world heritage Kaziranga National Park indicates the gravity of the
situation. Perhaps one of the most poignant observations on the issue was made
recently by a Delhi court while sentencing two Bangladeshi nationals to life
imprisonment for dacoity and murder- "Our country has become a haven for all
these criminal elements who are most ruthless and brutal with anybody who come
in their way. While genuine citizens of this country continue to suffer in
abject poverty, what is it that prevents a firm, resolute, intense government
action against these 3 crore Bangladeshi nationals illegally staying in India."

How many more innocent lives will it take to explode the myth and accept
reality? Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

Vote for Garthwaite

BYLINE: From Dick Rundell 1270 Perry Drive, Platteville, Wis.

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 166 words


Phil Garthwaite comes from a farm and his roots are deep in the soil of Grant
County. He has continued his connection with agriculture in Southwest Wisconsin
through his career as an agriculture radio reporter and through his relatives
who farm. He now uses his valuable agriculture background to serve our
agricultural community as a very active and determined representative in the
Wisconsin Assembly. Phil has been very busy. He voted for a very successful job
creation incentive for dairy farmers across the state through the Dairy Farm
Modernization Tax Credit. He again voted for job creation incentives that
encourage the food processing industry to expand. He supported the
Farm-to-School Act, which builds a partnership between local farmers and their
communities. Phil also authored a bill that protects Wisconsin's professional
honey producers from the influx of fake products in the marketplace. We cannot
let Phil rest. Send him back to the state capital and keep him busy on our
behalf.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 7, 1993 Tuesday

Canadian farmers marooned as GATT quota support dries up   Dairy, poultry
producers delayed devising plan

BYLINE: MADELAINE DROHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: Brussels BELGIUM


BY MADELAINE DROHAN
European Bureau
 With a report from Oliver Bertin in Toronto.
  BRUSSELS
 The Canadian government is scrambling to put together a back-up strategy
to protect its dairy and poultry farmers from a sudden influx of imports.

Now that support for Canada's quota system has dried up among the other
115 members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade negotiating a
world trade deal in Geneva, Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale is expected
to meet farm groups in Canada to plot a negotiating strategy. His aim is
to preserve border protection for as long as possible in order to allow
farmers to adjust.

The government's last-minute scramble was made necessary by the refusal
of dairy and poultry farmers' groups to discuss a back-up plan earlier,
even though it had been obvious for some time that Canada was becoming
isolated in its demand to hang on to import quotas.

Mr. Goodale returned to Canada from Europe on the weekend after seeing
the lie of the land in Brussels and Geneva and hearing first-hand from his
U.S. and European Community counterparts.

Most other members of the GATT have agreed to replace barriers to farm
imports with tariffs, which will then be gradually phased out.

When the Conservatives were still in government, trade minister Michael
Wilson tried to get farm organizations to give some thought to
alternatives.

But the farm representatives refused, and government bureaucrats were
told not to work on alternative plans because the government was afraid of
leaks.

The result is that Canada has no strategy for protecting dairy and
poultry farmers once quotas are replaced by tariffs.

These tariffs are the only option that Canada appears to have.

If Canada did lose its supply-management powers, the name of the game
would be to negotiate the highest possible tariffs and the longest
possible phase-out period, said Ken Tjaden, chairman of the Canadian Egg
Marketing Agency.

In that case, added Roy Maxwell of the Ontario Chicken Producers
Marketing Board, the interminable negotiations to improve GATT would be
replaced by endless negotiations to set new tariffs.

Every trading nation would use a similar process. Each country would
compare the domestic price of each product to the world price, and use
that as the basis for a new initial tariff. That tariff would decline to
zero over time.

Under one scenario that has been discussed for some time in Ottawa,
Canada would be allowed to erect tariffs as high as 250 per cent on all
dairy imports, with similar levels for eggs and poultry.

This tariff would fall over six to 10 years, giving Canada's supply-
management farmers breathing space while they adjust to the new trading
reality.

Farmers do not, however, see tariffs as a long-term solution because
they believe they will do little more than delay the inevitable demise of
their industry.

In the meantime, the poultry marketing boards appear to be putting off
all decisions until they find out what happens in GATT. The dairy
marketing boards, however, have been aggressively trying to find new
markets for their milk, cheese and yogurt.

Canadian boards argue they should be given access to U.S. and European
markets, if they are obliged to open their borders. That would give
Canadian farmers access to such nearby markets as Detroit, Cleveland,
Buffalo and Boston, where they could compete on an equal basis.

In a recent memo to his marketing-board directors, John Core, chairman
of the Ontario Milk Marketing Board, said the United States has refused to
open its borders to Canadian milk beyond a token 2.5 per cent of national
consumption.

The OMMB's Bill Mitchell said Canada simply wants fair treatment from
its trading partners.

"Every industrialized country in the world has supply-management
boards," Mr. Mitchell said.

At the same time, Japan, whose refusal to allow rice imports made it
one of Canada's allies, has apparently forged a compromise with the United
States under which it can maintain its current system for the next six
years as long as some rice imports are allowed. This will not be difficult
this year, as there has been a crop failure.

But when Canada hesitantly felt out the United States and EC last
weekend on the possibility of getting a deal similar to Japan's for
Canadian dairy and poultry producers, the two trading superpowers made it
clear that this was a deal for Japan only.

There are rumours that South Korea, Switzerland and Finland - Canada's
other supporters on the question of border controls - have also worked out
their own deals.

Canada does have one ace up its sleeve in the negotiations. For some
time, Canada has had historic access rights for quality wheat and barley
to the European market, rights that have not been matched by Canadian
exports to the EC. In recent days, Canada has let it be known it is
prepared to exercise those rights, putting pressure on the EC to either
open its markets further and honour these rights or compensate Canada in
some way.

Any progress in this area will go down well with the western-based
Reform Party, but the gradual loss of border protection for dairy and
poultry farmers will enrage the Bloc Quebecois.

The deadline for the GATT talks in Geneva is Dec. 15, at which time the
major elements of a world trade deal are expected to be in place. Canada
has just over a week to work out its plans for dairy and poultry farmers
and persuade the other members of the GATT to go along.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Beban Park gets new greenhouses; Nanaimo Community Gardens Society moving ahead
with project after securing 10-year lease

BYLINE: Spencer Anderson, Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 298 words


Beban Park will soon see the addition of two new community greenhouses.

The Nanaimo Community Gardens Society is moving forward with the project after
securing a 10-year-lease from city council last week.

When built, the buildings will be used to host volunteers and workshops on local
food production, as well as grow vegetable, herb and flower seedlings to be sold
or given away. The non-profit also announced an influx of $40,000 in funding for
the project Tuesday, which came from the Co-op Community Spaces Program.

Lee Sanmiya, administrator for the Community Gardens Society, said work on the
project has been going on for years, However, the timing of the two events - the
approval of a lease in Beban Park and the new funding - were major boosts
forward.

"Everything sort of happened in the last week," she said.

The greenhouses are set to be located on a 50 by 50-metre area previously used
by the Beban Lawn Bowling Club.

The previous estimated total for the project was $200,000, but Sanmiya said the
society has found several opportunities to lower that cost, since hydro and
water hook-up is already available on the proposed site.

The city has already set aside $25,000 for the project, plus the society is a
finalist for $25,000 in additional funds from Mid Island Co-op. The society has
also socked away approximately $20,000 to build the greenhouses, Sanmiya said.

The intention had been to order and build the greenhouses separately over a
longer period of time.

"However, with this influx of cash, it may be possible to purchase both
greenhouses and once," Sanmiya said, adding she would anticipate work to begin
on site in the spring.

The society first needs to obtain a building permit from the city for the
project to proceed.

Spencer.Anderson @nanaimodailynews.com 250-729-4255

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (Nairobi)

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday

Country to Host Hunger Meeting

BYLINE: Bernard Namunane

LENGTH: 589  words


The government has called an international conference on the famine ravaging the
Horn of Africa region.

The military and the National Youth Service have also been called in to help in
the distribution of relief food to more than 80 per cent of the country
experiencing drought.

They were among the drastic steps that the Cabinet agreed on Thursday to tackle
the worst food crisis in decades to hit Kenya and neighbouring states of
Ethiopia, Somalia and Djibouti.

"The Cabinet agreed that Kenya will host an international conference to address
the drought and food crises in the horn of Africa.

The dates of the meeting will be agreed upon with regional and international
partners," a dispatch from the Presidential Press Services said.

It is the second time in two weeks that a Cabinet meeting chaired by President
Kibaki has pre-occupied itself with a crisis that has placed more than 3.5
million Kenyans at risk.

Two weeks ago, the Cabinet allocated Sh9 billion -- Sh5 billion from the
Consolidated Fund and Sh4 billion to be raised through budgetary cuts--to fight
hunger and drought that has ravaged North Eastern, Coast, Eastern and parts of
the Rift Valley.

So far, Treasury has released Sh8 billion to buy relief food.

The food shortage has been complicated further by the influx of starving
refugees from Somalia overunning the Dadaab refugee camps in Garissa County.
Kenya has been under sustained pressure form the UN to open the another camp to
take in more refugees. The Cabinet meeting yesterday resolved to invite both
regional leaders and the wider international community to help save millions of
people in the Horn of Africa.

"The conference will seek emergency food requirements for the 14 million people
requiring food relief in the Horn of Africa. The meeting will also support the
opening of feeding camps inside Somalia in order to stop the influx of refugees
to neighbouring countries especially Kenya. " said the PPS.

The Dadaab camp which was built to host 90,000 refugees now accommodates more
than 400,000, with about 15,000 new arrivals each month.

Apart from seeking immediate measures to avert disaster, the meeting will come
up with both medium and long term solutions to the yearly rituals of drought and
food shortages in the region.

The leaders will also tackle the social and security issues such as lack of a
stable government in Somalia which have contributed to the worst food crises the
region has faced in a long time.To tackle the local food emergency, the cabinet
directed more efficient distribution of relief food.

The National Cereals and Produce Board (NCPB) will buy maize that is being
imported and the fresh harvest from South Rift to be distributed.

The worst hit areas are parts of North Rift, Eastern and North Eastern
provinces.

On Wednesday Prime Minister Raila Odinga told Parliament noted that more relief
efforts were needed as the drought was spreading fast across the country.

Several areas in Eastern, Rift Valley and North Eastern that in May were in the
crisis phase have since been upgraded to emergency phase requiring urgent
interventions.

Initially, 3.5 people were affected by the drought, but the number has risen to
four million people, with parts of Nyanza, Western and Central also hit, Mr
Odinga told Parliament.

"The areas considered to be in crisis have widened steadily, from March, to May,
and to July this year," he said.

The vulnerable population are concentrated in the counties of Wajir, Kitui,
Turkana, Makueni, Garissa, Kwale, Mandera, Marsabit, Kilifi, Samburu and
Kajiado.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Cornish Guardian

                                October 22, 2008

More study agriculture at college;
A record number of students have enrolled on agricultural courses at Duchy
College in Stoke Climsland.

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 125 words


More than 150 students are currently at the college, a record since the first
intake of full-time students in 1986.

Duchy College has increased the number of agricultural students in Cornwall and
Devon, through providing part-time, full-time and work- based learning. Coulevel
one through to degree.

Charles Atkinson, curriculum area manager for agriculture said: "Agriculture at
Duchy College has seen an influx of interest from the South West , with record
numbers applying."

John Latham, principal of Cornwall College, said: "With the development of the
college farm, introducing native herds back into the local area and the great
achievements from our students, we expect to see the popularity of the course
grow substantially over the next few years."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 59


                        Copyright 2008 Cornish Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               November 10, 1992

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 145 words


* THE Scottish Office Agriculture Department is urging seed potato growers to
submit any outstanding applications for official soil sampling and testing for
Potato Cyst Nematode (PCN) to ensure clearance for planting next year.

Under the statutory requirements no seed potatoes can be planted in land which
has not first been sampled and found free from PCN. The official deadline of
August 31 for applications has passed, and the Department cannot guarantee that
late applications will be processed in time to enable spring planting.

A large number of growers continue to submit applications well into the winter
season. This late influx of applications -- combined with difficulties in taking
suitable soil samples from waterlogged or frosty ground -- can lead to a backlog
of applications in the Department, with associated delays in processing them.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              411 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Employment stays strong

BYLINE: Cassandra Kyle, Canwest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 644  words

DATELINE: SASKATOON


Friday the 13th lived up to its scary stereotype across the nation as the
country learned it had lost nearly 83,000 jobs in February, but in Saskatchewan
on Friday, the ominous date was greeted as a sign of good luck.

The province's labour force grew at a seasonally unadjusted rate of 2.9 per
cent, or about 14,500 jobs, between February 2008 and February 2009, according
to data from Statistics Canada. During the same period, the country as a whole
lost 246,800 jobs.

From January to February, meanwhile, Saskatchewan posted a seasonally adjusted
jobs gain of 0.1 per cent, or 600 positions. At the same time, the Statistics
Canada figure showed the 82,600 jobs the country lost last month were all
full-time positions.

Saskatchewan's Minister of Advanced Education, Employment and Labour, Rob
Norris, said he's pleased with the year-over-year and month-to-month employment
gains.

"On a relative scale, it's still a very strong performance by the Saskatchewan
economy. We know we're not immune to what's going on, but on Friday the 13th
certainly fortune shines bright on Saskatchewan," he said at a news conference
in Saskatoon.

While the number of new positions has increased, so too has the province's
unemployment rate, rising to 5.2 per cent from 4.3 per cent in February 2008.
The reason behind the simultaneous growth of both people working and the
unemployment rate is because more people have decided to enter the labour
market, but they didn't all find jobs. Norris stressed Saskatchewan still has
the lowest unemployment rate in the country.

"The way to account for both a slight increase in unemployment and also the
increase we've seen in employment is the influx of people coming into the
province," Norris said. "There are more people in Saskatchewan looking for more
jobs and at the same time we have more people securing more jobs, so we see the
influx affecting both numbers."

The minister said the government is keeping an attentive eye on the unemployment
figure. Norris, who spoke Friday at the Women Entrepreneurs of Saskatchewan Inc.
office, said supporting entrepreneurial initiatives and funding infrastructure
projects through the Saskatchewan Party's $500-million economic booster shot
will help create the jobs people are looking for.

However Darcy Furber, the Saskatchewan NDP critic for enterprise and innovation,
said Norris and the rest of the provincial government should stop standing on
the sidelines and make a plan to ensure Saskatchewan's economy remains strong.

Furber said while the job numbers look good on the surface, he has doubts about
the economic booster shot creating the amount of new jobs the province needs. He
also worries women who want to join the workforce won't be able to because of
inadequate child care options.

"I'd like to see Rob Norris put down the pom-poms and build a plan. That's all
we've heard from him for months is great news, great news, great news, but there
are certain realities (that must be dealt with)," Furber said. "It's incumbent
upon the government to do something about it."

Doug Elliott, publisher of the Sask Trends Monitor, said the figures show there
were 2.9 per cent more jobs in Saskatchewan last month than the same time last
year, but 3.8 per cent more people looking for work.

"Not all of them were able to find jobs so we've got an increase in the number
of people who are looking and not finding," he said about the unemployment
figure.

As for Saskatchewan's continued reign as the province with the lowest
unemployment rate, Elliott expects the job growth won't last forever. Although
he expected the province to begin posting job losses in December 2008,
Saskatchewan's employment growth continues to surpass expert opinions of its
longevity.

The provincial government noted over the past 12 months, 15,300 additional
female and 3,500 aboriginal workers found a job in Saskatchewan.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            October 8, 2016 Saturday

Cannabis farmers willing to die for their crop

BYLINE: Nazih Osseiran

LENGTH: 1118 words


Ali Nasser Shamas is a busy man.

BOUDAI, Lebanon: Ali Nasser Shamas is a busy man. As one of Lebanon's biggest
cannabis farmers, he takes pride in his product and insists that it is the only
recourse available in Bekaa's ailing economy. "The state has been neglecting the
Bekaa for a long time. They just care about stealing. You talk to ministers and
the only thing they care about is how much they can steal. They do not care
about our people's suffering," he told The Daily star.

Standing by the side of the road, Shamas surveyed a large stretch of land as
laborers chopped down cannabis buds. Harvesting season usually begins on Sept.
27, and lasts until Oct. 10. "But this year we were a bit late with starting, so
I think I will be collecting until the 15th," he said as he snapped orders at
the workers. The crop is planted in February and March, and irrigation starts in
July.

Marijuana can grow anywhere and needs a fraction of the water other crops
consume, making it the ideal crop for the poverty-stricken region.

"We need everything - jobs, infrastructure you name it. Let them just treat us
as people, as citizens. That is all we are asking for. Are the people of other
areas Lebanese and we are not?" Shamas asked.

Bekaa is Lebanon's largest governorate and the economy primarily revolves around
agriculture. The influx of Syrian refugees drove down the price of labor,
exacerbating an already crippled economy. The area is also notorious for its
lawlessness. Acts of vendetta are commonplace and the state is perceived as the
enemy. To the north, Hezbollah and the Army are engaged in a protracted conflict
with Islamist militants.

Shamas considers that rampant unemployment and neglect of the agriculture sector
have left the area's farmers with no choice but to rely on marijuana. All
efforts to prevent its cultivation have so far failed, as no other crop would
yield the same profit margins.

Farms range in size, with the smaller ones fluctuating between 20 to 100 dunums.
Shamas claims that the owners of small farms can barely make ends meet. "A
farmer like that would probably make just enough to pay for fuel in the winter,
food, and schooling for his children," he said. Shamas himself is a father of
six. He and a handful of other farmers own thousands of dunums and reap tens of
millions in profits each year. "I never make a deal below a $1 million," he
added.

Shamas began his trade at the end of the civil war. He claims to have
participated in every single major engagement since 1976. He even says he fought
alongside slain Hezbollah commander Imad Mughniyeh during Israel's 1982 invasion
of Beirut.

"I was never a farmer, I came to the Bekaa and I saw there was a situation. I am
not saying that I came here and I wanted to save the Bekaa," Shamas said. "The
state won't leave them alone, it wants to show public opinion that it is strong
and it can burn, shoot, and do whatever it pleases. Then we told them: Let
people live or we will show you something you will not like."

He boasts of the thousands of arrest warrants issued in his name, including two
death sentences. For him the Army and the security services are the enemy,
denying him and his people the right to earn a living.

"This is where I shot that colonel, he was hiding behind that shrub," he said,
pointing in the distance. "He then fled to the headquarters so we went and
launched an RPG on it. The officers hid in the shelter. The worst part is that
this officer himself is a drug dealer and was reprimanded after I provided
evidence that he had sold a suitcase of cocaine."

Shamas drives a nondescript SUV and is rarely accompanied by an armed escort,
despite commanding an armed force of a 100 men and being the patriarch of a
35,000 strong clan. The SUV is littered with guns. An AK-47 lies on the front
passenger seat while the back seats are covered with handguns, machine guns, and
grenades. As his car made its way home, locals waved and smiled."The entire
Bekaa loves me and [they] say, 'May God preserve you, the people of Bekaa are
surviving because of you.' They want someone to stand in the forefront and
defend them, and I did that and confronted everyone," he said. "The head the
local Drug Enforcement Agency in a nearby city even asked me if they could
destroy a small piece of our product just for show. I always tell them, 'No,
that is forbidden,' and they decided to just ignore us and forget Boudai is on
the map."

The Army would routinely attempt to burn their product, while farmers responded
in kind. They would fire on Army patrols, mine their fields and lob rockets at
armored personnel carriers. Surrendering their yield meant starving for the
year, even worse, it was an affront to their honor. An alliance then emerged,
with Shamas being one of the key leaders. The alliance itself transcends sect,
quite a novelty in Lebanon's rigidly sectarian society.

"We are from all the local families, they saw me trying to help them and they
stood by me. They are all my siblings and my loved ones. There is no competition
among the farmers - we all have the same interests," he said, now sitting in his
garden. "We do not care about politics or sectarianism. We are farmers from the
Bekaa, so we are all the same and it does not matter if you are Christian,
Sunni, Shiite, or whatever. The people in [Christian] Deir al-Ahmar export the
most hash in the Bekaa and they are peaceful and do not fight anyone. We do it
for them and we do it without a hassle, we are one."

Yet Shamas, for all intents and purposes, is a mob boss, and has a reputation to
maintain. As he recounted tales of his youth he was interrupted by two visitors.
"You do not come into my house," he bellowed, his smile long gone. His hand
instinctively reached to the gun at his side. "They should have killed you last
night when I told them to shoot at your house."

Realizing his error, his guest fled, screaming apologies and regrets. "That man
is protecting people who owe me money," Shamas said, after finally cooling off.
"I delivered half a ton of hash to Berlin two years ago, and they still have not
paid me the full amount."

He then received a call from one of his employees, asking him to come to one of
his dozens of storage houses. The hanger had processed 600kgs that day alone. By
the time the final product makes its way to Beirut it will be sold at$3 per
gram, in Europe the price reaches $15 to $20 per gram.

"The entire Bekaa lives off hash," he said. "It is the driver of the economy
here and in the country in general. Without it we will starve, so we will defend
it till the very end. If they think they are men enough let them come try us. We
will kill them where they stand and leave their corpses for the pigeons."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2016 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Huge investment key for state's economic independence: Mir

LENGTH: 977 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Aug. 27 -- Describing investment as pivotal for economic independence
in J&K, President, Democratic Party of Nationalist (DPN) and Minister for
Agriculture, Ghulam Hassan Mir Saturday called upon investors to invest in
tourism, horticulture and hydro electricity sectors in the state.

While addressing a one-day party convention of Bandipora constituency at the
party headquarters here, Mir said that investment in these primary sectors is
imperative to tap their full potential. He asked the local investors to come
forward to make the atmosphere for investment conducive, besides he added that
contributions from local players will ease arrival of global investment in J&K.

Regarding investment in tourism, Mir said the valley has abundant immense
tourism potential which has remained untapped due to non availability of
resources. He added that government has made strenuous efforts to latch on to
its full potential.

"Many tourism development authorities have been created during the last decade.
The record tourist influx this year speaks the urgency of providing
state-of-the-art facilities to the artists. Besides, we need cooperation from
big business players to realise the goal," said the Agriculture Minister on the
occasion.

On the investment in hydro electricity sector, Mir said that the sector could
change the destiny of the people and help the state in becoming economically
independent. He called on the local business tycoons to invest in micro hydro
electricity projects for which our government has already devised a policy under
PPP mode.

Later, three resolutions were passed unanimously which include: To tap the
tourism potential of Bandipora which has been neglected by successive
governments, connecting Bandipora with railway link and to provide irrigation
facilities to kandi belts of the state. The DPN also demanded to provide relief
and compensation to the affected farmers whose crops were damaged due to
inclement weather recently.

Vice-President DPN, G. M. Bhawan, Youth President, Muzaffar Reshi, District
President Bandipora Bilal Sultan and various local block and zonal leaders of
the party also spoke on the occasion and highlighted the policies and programmes
of the party. Besides senior leaders of DPN, Massarat Qadri, Bashir Naz and
hundreds of party workers were present in the convention.

Jora, Nasir assert importance of tourism for J-K economy

Srinagar, August 26: In a bid to highlight the full potential of the tourism
sector in the state, a daylong seminar on "Kashmir Tourism Promotion with
Preservation" was organized by Jammu and Kashmir Tourism Alliance (JKTA) at
Kokernag the other day.

Minister for Tourism and Culture, Nawang Rigzin Jora was the chief guest, while
as Minister of State for Tourism and Home; Nasir Aslam Wani was the guest of
honour on the occasion.

During their speeches on the occasion, both the ministers waxed eloquence on the
potential of tourism sector for the states economies. They said that tourism
industry is backbone of state's economy and government is committed on all
fronts to work for the flowering of this important sector.

Referring to the agricultural and horticultural sectors, the ministers said that
the area of fertile lands is fast shrinking owing to the conversion of such
lands for non-farming activities. The use of sub-standard fungicides and
pesticides, according to both of them has resulted in deteriorating the apple
crop and made extinct various verities of apple both in quality and quantity.

The ministers expressed their grave concern over the bad condition of
handicrafts. The ministers lamented that many elements were selling their items
using the brand and name of Kashmiri handicrafts. This impersonating, the
ministers said have given Kashmiri handicrafts a run chase for its money.

Shifting their focus back on the tourism sector, the ministers said that with
huge potential for the state's economy, tourism should be accorded top most
priority. The ministers made it a point that along with the tourism promotion,
the state government is ensuring that the ecology and environment is not taken
for a ride.

Both said that government is taking concrete steps for environment and ecology,
besides giving top most priority to save tourist resorts and water bodies . The
Ministers said that government is going to introduce "ECO tourism policy of
India" under which our new tourist places will be promoted as per the guide
lines providing in the said policy.

District Development Commissioner, Anantnag, Farooq Ahmad Shah and Director
Tourism Kashmir, Talat Parvez also spoke on the occasion.

Among others who were present in the seminar were ex-Chief Conservator of
Forest, Abdul Rashid Wani, Chairman, JKTA G. M. Dug, ex-president TASK, M G. R.
Siah, Chairman House Boat Owners Association, Mohammad Azim Tuman, President
TAAK Rauf Tramboo, and Chief Executive officer, Kokernag Development Authority,
Altaf Ahmad were also present on the occasion.

Tourism Deptt organizes cracker show

Srinagar, August 26: Continuing with its efforts to bring in new vigour into the
tourism activities across the state, The Department of Tourism Kashmir Saturday
organized cracker show at Nehru Park.

Minister for Tourism and Culture, Nawang Rigzin Jora was the chief guest, while
as, Minister of State for Tourism, Culture and Home; Nasir Aslam Wani was guest
of honour on the occasion.

Besides, Director, Tourism, Kashmir, Talat Parviaz, officers and officials of
the department, a large number of tourists and locals were present to witness
the shows. The viewers--tourists as well as locals--were enthralled to see the
colourful crackers burst up in the air at the island. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             July 23, 1974, Tuesday

SECTION: Page 11, Column 3

LENGTH: 96 words

United Farm Workers Organizing Com pres Cesar Chavez demands crackdown by Border
Patrol on illegal aliens, whom, he contends, are playing instrumental role in
breaking strikes called by union.  Charges more than 2,000 illegal aliens are
employed by ranches in San Joaquin Valley, Calif, and that current influx of
aliens is worst in US history.  Sees conspiracy between Nixon Adm and
agribusiness to ensure steady flow of aliens.  Border Patrol official describes
Chavez's charge of collusion as 'ridiculous,' but admits staff is inadequate to
halt influx of aliens (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 204-7

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              415 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        December 13, 1994, CITY EDITION

Farmers campaign over lamb imports

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 86 words


The Irish Farmers Association and the Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association,
who have been organising a campaign against what they claim is an influx of New
Zealand lamb in shops, have been told by the Department of Agriculture, Food and
Forestry that only minimum amounts of imported lamb are on sale in supermarkets.

The IFA has called on the acting Minister for Agriculture, Mr Walsh, to take
"strong action" against increased New Zealand lamb imports in the General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1994 The Irish Times


                              416 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 July 29, 2014

Let's Support 'Buy Local' Initiative [opinion]

BYLINE: Vandudzai Zirebwa

LENGTH: 886 words


Despite the economic challenges, Zimbabwe has remained resilient and continues
to move forward.

That is part of the national DNA. The adoption of the multi-currency system that
includes the United States dollar as a medium of exchange has helped sustain
this momentum.

This resilience has been demonstrated in many sectors including agriculture
sector, where until recently some small-scale farmers have been feeling the
pinch due to the influx of cheaper imported farm produce mainly from South
Africa.

The cheaper products that included tomatoes, cabbages, potatoes and oranges
amongst others flooded places such as Mbare Musika creating an impression that
local farmers were unable to meet demand.

The low prices on offer also started to crowd out local farmers from fresh farm
produces markets.

Swift and decisive action by the Ministry of Agriculture and Mechanisation of
withdrawing all import licences and asking importers to reapply saved the
situation.

This shook traders and importers at Mbare Msika. Prophets of doom predicted the
collapse of agriculture and rise in the price of produce.

There was an incessant chorus that there will be shortages. But the local farmer
came back to capture their lost market.

They reduced prices from a dollar a head of cabbage to $1 for two and the market
began to warm up to local produce again.

Even more impressive was the new found understanding between local producers and
vendors at the local markets.

The link between buying local and saving jobs ceased being merely a slogan but
became a reality.

In a survey by Buy Zimbabwe many traders at Mbare Msika would go beyond
describing the key differences between Zimbabwean produce and imports but
indicated how the policy circles affected the various ebbs at the market.

That understanding has been proof that Zimbabwe has the capacity to quickly
manage its ever ballooning import bill, which went up by a further $1,7 billion
for the first six months of the year.

The pleasing bit is that the Ministry of Industry and Commerce seems to be now
determined to ensure that the growing trend is dealt with.

Buoyed by what it sees, the ministry has put together a committee of prominent
members of the private sector to advise on how imports can be reduced.

The team has come with a number of observations taken from experiences in
markets such as Mbare and other sectors such as the local peanut butter market
where imports have been reduced to less than one percent.

In each of these experiences what has emerged is that Zimbabwe is not inherently
incapable of competing against imports.

Rather if the market conditions are clearly defined locals have a better
understanding of required tastes of consumers and due to favourable logistical
factors, more disposed to quickly responding to issues that arise from time to
time.

Taking a cue from the tobacco revolution the team has also noted that a key
driver that influences agricultural production is not so much telling farmers
what to do and how to do it but rather creating a visible market where divergent
producers realise existent opportunities.

In the case of tobacco, the setting up of tobacco floors has made it easier for
both current and potential suppliers of the crop to calculate their risk and
focus their efforts knowing that at the end of the day a market awaits them.

The same factor is responsible for the growth of maize production in the
country.

Farmers understood that as long as they focused on growing maize of acceptable
quality a buyer, the Grain Marketing Board, was on hand to take up their
produce.

In fact with properly configured markets that are visible to the diversity of
locals it becomes much simpler to stipulate that which the market expects in
terms of quality.

The resultant competition also enabled farmers to measure compare themselves to
other growers and to adjust their grades and price.

That is no rocket science. It is simple economics that Zimbabweans like the rest
of the world understand.

In essence once conditions are put in place that support local production, the
rest takes care of itself.

The trouble that policy makers often make is to believe that they know it all.
They know the right price, they know which farmers can do what and they know how
farmers must do it.

As a nation we must graduate to a level where we accept that all human beings
are driven by a desire to succeed and that with the right environment
Zimbabweans can easily beat any player who dares to come in their turf.

Buying Zimbabwe is not only possible but can be utilised to ensure that Zimbabwe
immediately resolves her economic challenges.

In the past three years to date we have accumulated a deficit of $9,6 billion.
That figure will this year surpass the national debt of $9,9 billion which has
accumulated since we gained independence in 1980.

That really is not good news. Decisive action is now required to ensure that the
entrepreneurial spirit inherent in the population is sufficiently leveraged to
reverse this situation we find ourselves in.

The team from the private sector believes that with the right policy support
Zimbabwe can save $2 billion per year in unnecessary imports. That amount is
enough to reverse our challenges. We must do it.

Till we meet again remember to put your money where your mouth is.

The time to buy local and prosper is now.

God Bless.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Mail on Sunday (London)

                            February 19, 2006 Sunday

Hotel wages drop but guests pay more

BYLINE: DAN ATKINSON

SECTION: C1; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 197 words


A LARGE-scale influx of migrant workers has driven down pay in the hotel and
restaurant sector but savings on wage bills have not been passed on to the
customer.

Basic pay for Britain's 1.8 million-plus hotel and restaurant workers fell by
about 2.5 per cent last year, according to the Bank of England, while overtime
earnings plunged 20 per cent.

Average earnings in hotels and restaurants last year were down by 2.4 per cent
to Pounds 211.50 a week, while average weekly earnings for all employees rose
2.3 per cent to Pounds 423.20.

In another sector where migrant labour is common agriculture, hunting and
forestry basic pay rose by nearly five per cent, but overtime fell more than 15
per cent.

The Bank said: 'These data appear consistent with views that migrant flows have
eased tightness in the labour market and restrained upward pressures on costs.'
However, the public has not benefited from savings. While the Government's
preferred measure of inflation, the Consumer Prices Index, rose by 1.9 per cent
in the 12 months to January, the component measuring hotel and restaurant prices
rose by 3.4 per cent.

The figures emerged last week in the Bank's quarterly inflation report.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LOW PAY: HOTELS USE AN INFLUX OF MIGRANT WORKERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2006 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Zimbabwe Standard (Harare)

                                   June 2010

Border Officials Allowing GMOs to Pass Through

BYLINE: Jennifer Dube

LENGTH: 376  words


ZIMBABWE'S struggling farmers risk being pushed out of business by the influx of
genetically modified products as a result of corruption at the Beitbridge Border
post.

The Ministry of Agriculture restricts the importation of Genetically Modified
Organisms (GMOs) but concerned farmers say inspectors at the busy border post
demand bribes to allow people importing especially tomatoes and potatoes to
bring in the produce without any hustles.

Sources said the officers were charging between R1 000 and R4 000 for the
importation of artificially-grown products popularly known as GMOs.

"I was shocked to see truckloads of GMO potatoes and tomatoes being allowed
through the Beitbridge Border post while fully aware that the country's laws do
not allow importation of such material," a whistleblower said.

"As a local farmer, I got worried and decided to investigate. "Ministry of
Agriculture officials told me that all I needed to import was my money."

The source said he was told that to import potatoes or tomatoes in a full
35-tonne truck, he would need to part with R1 000 as a bribe while bigger trucks
would cost R4 000.

While all efforts to contact other farmers unions were fruitless, Zimbabwe
Commercial Farmers' Union (ZCFU) president, Wilson Nyabonda said his
organisation was not aware of the alleged imports.

Agriculture minister Joseph Made said the reports were disturbing and his
ministry would investigate the allegations.

"We do not allow any GMO material to be imported into the country," Made said.

"The farmers' position that it is costing them business is correct and as
government, we will not allow the farmers to perish because of unscrupulous
practices.

"We are going to send people to look into this."

A call to a ministry official whose name and number was provided by the
whistleblower confirmed the allegations could be true.

"Do you know that what you are asking about is illegal," he said. "But when do
you want to come. . .just keep in touch and call me when you want to come. . .
the money is still the same, just make sure you play it safe."

The Poultry Association of Zimbabwe has complained that the flooding of GMO
chicken products in the country since 2008 has forced several producers to close
shop leading to massive retrenchments.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                               November 18, 2012

The Blessing and Curses of Urbanisation [opinion]

BYLINE: Girma Feyisa

LENGTH: 1030 words


Urbanisation and its incessant expansion have become both curses and blessings
in many developing countries of the world, not least our fair nation.

They are curses because they attract influx of the people from the rural areas
and the hinterlands of the country, causing heavy pressure on the carrying
capacities of cities and urban centres.

The demand for water increases at an accelerated rate, while the source of water
is still the same, causing a critical deficit. Housing and its ancillaries, such
education and health care services, have to be met in the shortest possible
time.

The most challenging demand for employment also stays pressing. No doubt that
urbanisation increases the demand to get employed for people could not survive
without jobs.

One the other hand, the growth of urbanisation becomes a blessing because it
creates dynamics of socioeconomic growth in the country by way of
industrialisation and trade, which are the main movers of the national economic
growth.

The pros and cons of urban development need to maintain a well-thought and
studied balance that considers short, middle and long term growth plans. Among
the most critical, and often neglected, issues is the eviction of labour from
the agricultural sector, due either to scarcity of cultivable land share of each
member in the family, expansion of mechanised farming, expansion of education in
the rural areas and the increase of migration of job seekers to towns and urban
centres.

Unless the influx is planned down to the last figure, as much as could be
anticipated to grow in the foreseeable future, any attempt to cater for the
growing demands would only be futile that would soon prove to be inadequate,
even before any part of the intervention is implemented.

The fourth week-long event held last week in the fast growing the Rift Valley
city center of Adama, attended by 150 towns and city centres from different
parts of the country, has been an excellent showcase where major challenges of
urban development reside. Valuable experiences were also exchanged among the
urban centres.

The Dire Dawa city administration experience of constructing adequate housing
before demolishing misplaced houses or unwanted slums was largely appreciated by
all participants of the event for its timely undertaking without having to
expose the dwellers and render them vulnerable to the problems of homelessness.

The weeklong conference also discussed with a stronger vehemence a long range of
issues including the bleeding corruption or heartbreaking bribery also known as
"rent seeking" in its cordial naming. One official went even further to
attribute all the hurdles of urban development to rent seeking as an underlining
factor for all evils.

For the attendants of the conference, like many sceptics and casual observers,
the most crucial problems of urbanisation is housing. Citizens have a
constitutional right to live in a descent house as a human being with dignity
and pride. This is one of the basic human rights any government of any ideology
ought to respect.

We are living in an age where mere food and clothing are not enough. This is
also a world where the rights of animals like pet dogs, cats and pack animals
are duly respected and legalised. Hence, there is no room to ignore human
rights.

What happened in Nefas Silk Lafto Distrct, Wereda 01, last week, was indeed
dismal, to say the least. More than 600 houses and shelters were said to have
been brought down by a couple of dozers, guarded by policemen. The dwellers,
some of whom were sick in bed or lying after delivery, lactating their babies,
were not even unable to escape from the falling wreckage when their houses were
demolished after only a three days short notice.

Taiba Yassin spoke to me about her plights, while sitting in the ruins of her
house, holding a baby fast asleep leaning on her chest.

"I don't have any place to go," she sobbed. "My daughter had gone to Saudi
Arabia leaving these kids on me. What am I suppose to do? We have been here all
day and night despite the fording heat of the sun and the chilly weather during
the night" she cried.

Tamire Hailu, 40, is also another victim the eviction. He says that his family
had lived at the suburb, also known as Kersa Gontoma, some distance from Hana
Mariam, for over seven years. Access to his house is possible only by
horse-driven carts.

The neighbourhood was even awarded prizes for the participation they had in
every developmental activities, including a fund-raising of over 1.5 million Br
for electrification. They had paid all their annual land tenure taxes and have
their official receipts.

"What else is expected of us?" he wonders, "We had elected five representatives
to go and plead with the concerned officials but nobody cares."

Obviously, the concerned officials cannot take such a massive demolishing
measure without sorting out squatters from legal settlers. Many of the subjects
I saw seem to cry over their fate rather than implicating any one for their
painful ordeal and living rough. The women and the children sit and forth biting
their lips ashamed to sit down and weep.

Squatting is a common problem in an emerging economy. Cities like Mexico and Rio
de Janeiro in Latin America are facing it. Their population has exploded beyond
carrying capacity.

Of course, some of these countries have rich sources of oil and other minerals.
But, in recognition of the challenge, they are also getting industrial as fast
as possible since they have no choice. The problem propels itself.

Like in Dire Dawa, eviction can be done in phases, if there is the goodwill to
locally source good lessons. The Ministry of Urban Development & Construction
(MoUDC) foresees to settle at least three million people by constructing about
600,000 houses in the coming years, assuming each household contains five
people. This strategic plan has to materialise, in phases, if all of the growing
population of our cities is meant to be accumodated with decent housing and the
necessary utilities.

But the stark question is: where would the capital required for such a bold move
could come from?

It all seems a promise with multiple faces, one of agony and another of
incapacity.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 June 13, 2014

Govt Seeks China's Support On Influx of Substandard Imports

BYLINE: Emmanuel Elebeke

LENGTH: 264 words


The Supervising Minister of National Planning, Ambassador Bashir Yuguda has
called on the Chinese authorities to take proactive measures to discourage the
production of substandard products which are imported into the country.

The Minister who made this call during a courtesy call to his office by the new
Chinese Ambassador to Nigeria, Mr Gu Xiaojie, also praised Nigeria, China
diplomatic relations, stressing that both nations are enjoying mutually
beneficial cultural and economic ties.

The Minister noted that Chinese companies and entrepreneurs are actively engaged
in different sectors of the economy, especially in the areas of agriculture and
infrastructure such as power, railways and road construction, noting that, there
is room for greater collaboration, recalling that both countries recently signed
many agreements towards deepening their ties.

On the need to control the influx of substandard goods from China, the Minister
said: "As I welcome you to the country, I want you to also focus on these areas
of interest to both nations, including the need to improve the quality of
imports from China.

"On our own part, we have been striving to ensure that Nigerian businessmen do
not go to China to demand for substandard products. We also try to discourage
them by ensuring that, as much as possible, such products do not cross our
borders. But we want China to also be able to control things from their end
because we believe that there should be minimum standard for all countries.
There is no doubt that fake products have potential to hurting both economies,"
he added.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 7, 2010 Tuesday

V.I. Ag Department taking steps to evict unproductive farmers

BYLINE: Constance Cooper, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Sept. 07--ST. THOMASâ[#x20ac][#x2c6]-- V.I. Agriculture Commissioner Louis
Petersen is trying to bring order to Estate Bordeaux.

Only about half of the farmers on the approximately 250 acres of
government-owned land on the western end of St. Thomas are growing and selling
food, Petersen said, and about a third of them are living on the land illegally.

V.I. residents can lease property from the Agriculture Department to grow crops
for $20 per acre, per year. Currently about 150 acres of the government-owned
land is being rented, Petersen said, and the department has put a moratorium on
new leases until unproductive farmers are evicted and paperwork is in order to
allow all productive farmers to remain on the land legally.

Petersen said that lax oversight by the department led to an influx of squatters
on the property over the years. About one in three farmers on the land is a
squatter, he said.

In addition to setting rent on the land, V.I. law allows farmers to build a
240-square-foot structure on the property they lease. The structure must be
approved by the Agriculture Department, and Petersen said that in his three
years as agriculture commissioner, no Estate Bordeaux farmer has sought approval
for a structure.

"We can't have that kind of haphazard development," Petersen said.

The department compiled a list of farmers who are doing what they are supposed
to in Estate Bordeaux -- growing food, selling it and keeping a record of what
they sell. Some of the squatters are productive farmers, Petersen said, and some
of the government's tenants are not.

"In the big picture, what we are trying to do is bring as much possible order
and structure to the process of developing our agriculture industry," he said.

The Agriculture Department is working with the V.I. Attorney General's office to
bring productive squatters into compliance and evict unproductive farmers from
the property.

Petersen said that he has turned to police to try to get squatters to leave but
has been told that unless they are creating a disturbance, squatters cannot be
removed from the property without going through a formal eviction process.

Even if the squatters and unproductive farmers are removed, there is little to
prevent them from returning, Petersen said, except other farmers.

The department does not have enforcement officers, and Petersen said department
officials rely on Bordeaux's productive farmers to let them know when people
move onto the property illegally.

"Only in partnership will we make this happen," he said.

-- Contact reporter Constance Cooper at 774-8772 ext. 364 or e-mail
ccooper@dailynews.vi

To see more of The Virgin Islands Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Virgin
Islands Daily News, St. Thomas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100907-1VI-V-I-Ag-Department-taking-steps-to-evict-unproductive-farmers-0907-2
0100907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2010 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              422 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               February 03, 2015

APC Statement On Economy - Height of Intellectual Fraud - PDP

LENGTH: 446 words


The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has dismissed the APC's claims on the state
of the nation's economy as wild and baseless allegations shamelessly anchored on
tissues of lies and unreliable posts copied from the social media.

PDP National Publicity Secretary, Olisa Metuh in a statement on Monday said it
is disgusting that the APC has stuck to its stock-in-trade of fabricating and
dishing out falsehood in an attempt to deceive Nigerians and distort facts on
the glaring achievements in the nation's economy

under President Goodluck Jonathan in spite of the daunting challenges.

The PDP which said it has continued to maintain a high moral ground in keeping
to issue-based campaign, described the APC statement as a ploy to divert
attention from its lack of acceptable economic blue-print and the refusal of its
Presidential candidate, retired Major General

Muhammadu Buhari to intellectually engage President Jonathan on economic and
other matters.

"No body can deny the fact that we have made improvements in our economy in the
last four years under President Goodluck Jonathan. The APC cannot detract from
the fact that under President Jonathan, our economy has grown to become the
largest in Africa and the third fastest growing in the world.

"This feat, which did not come by accident but through meticulous application of
policies by President Jonathan has been attested to by renowned economic experts
and leading international rating agencies", the party said.

Noting that the nation has become the primary investment destination in Africa
under the Jonathan administration, the PDP said this is visible

in the unprecedented growth of the private sector and influx of foreign direct
investments in manufacturing, agriculture, retail, construction,

hospitality, oil and gas, communication among others, with massive employment
opportunities for millions of Nigerians.

It said the influx of international retail giants and the rebirth of shopping
malls in all major cities of the country attest to the nation's encouraging
demographics and stronger purchasing power of the citizens.

The party said the business-friendly environment created by the Jonathan
administration has also led to the revival of the manufacturing sector

with leading car manufacturers such as Nissan, Hyundai and Kia setting up
factories in addition to indigenous Innosons, Peugeot Nigeria and

ANAMCO, providing business and employment for Nigerians.

The PDP therefore challenged the APC to come out with its policy direction for
wealth creation instead of engaging in unfounded claims adding that it should
also be bold to present its presidential candidate to face President Jonathan in
a debate on the economy.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Cattle producers applaud ruling ;
An injunction blocks U.S. border from opening to Canadian cows.

BYLINE: Chad Previch, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 400 words


Oklahoma agriculture and cattle experts praised a federal judge's decision
Wednesday to prevent Canadian cattle from entering the United States.

They said the ruling will have a positive economic impact on Oklahoma.

U.S. District Judge Richard Cebull of Billings, Mont., granted a temporary
injunction to block the border from opening. The border previously was scheduled
to reopen Monday. The judge wants to schedule a hearing to consider making the
ban permanent.

Mad cow disease, or bovine spongiform encephalopathy, was discovered in Canada
in May 2003. The border has been closed since.

"I think it's a good decision," said Rob Fisher, president of the Oklahoma
National Stockyards Co. "I've been concerned because of the last couple cases of
mad cow disease they found in Canada. They didn't quite have everything in
order, and I think they need to do that."

The decision was especially important because many cattle in Oklahoma will be
moving from wheat pastures to be sold this month. He said the decision will help
cattle producers because an influx of cattle from Canada could drive U.S. cattle
prices down.

Jack Carson, spokesman for the state Agriculture, Food and Forestry Department,
said his department was pleased with the decision. He said state Agriculture
Secretary Terry Peach thinks the border should eventually open, but only slowly.

Carson estimated that as many as 2 million cattle could have moved into the
country if the judge had ruled otherwise.

The Canadian cattle industry has been devastated by the U.S. beef ban, with
losses amounting to about $5.6 billion.

Oklahoma Farmers Union President Ray L. Wulf said in a news release the U.S.
needs to regain export markets before allowing more imports.

"We do not want to water down the safety guidelines that have been in place and
have, to date, protected the U.S. beef supply," he said.

Bill Rosser, manager of Wheeler Brothers Feedlot in Watonga, said the border
should be opened.

"Personally, in the short-term, the border being shut is a benefit to whoever
owns cattle," he said. "I own cattle. But long term, I think it is detrimental
to the industry. I would rather look at the big picture. I may be wrong, but
that is how I see it."

Canadian officials said they found a new case of the disease Jan. 11. R-CALF USA
(Ranchers-Cattlemen Action Legal Fund, United Stockgrowers of America) sought
the injunction.

Contributing: Staff Writer Jim Stafford

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Contributing: Staff Writer Jim Stafford

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

For Canada, ratifying CETA was the easy part

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 881 words


Looks like we may go ahead with CETA after all. After a few meltdowns and temper
tantrums, both sides may be willing to ratify the deal. In the aftermath of
several anti-trade occurrences in recent months, having a deal with the EU is
nothing short of a miracle. CETA was initially about growth and prosperity, and
how both continents can facilitate more trade across the Atlantic. But in the
end, the deal could be ratified not for what can be gained, but what would have
been lost. Europe is saving its global face while Canada has an opportunity to
recalibrate its foreign trading ambitions in agrifood.

While Canada remains an insignificant trading player globally, Europe needed to
signal to the rest of the world that it remains open for business, despite its
recent union-related woes. Economically, because of Russian embargoes, the EU is
desperate to find new markets for their food products. CETA may likely ease the
deflationary pressures that Europe has been feeling for some time now.

With Brexit, the potential gains from CETA for Canada are not as significant,
but better access to the European market is good news, nevertheless. Canada's
cattle and hog industries are desperate to reach new markets, and CETA will help
to do this in the long term. Canada's supply management sectors have been
needing a wake-up call from outside its borders, and that is exactly what CETA
will deliver. With the influx of high-quality, more affordable dairy products,
Canada's dairy industry will now have to redefine itself within a more
competitive landscape.

In Canada, domestic dairy processors have been preparing for this ratification
for years, as massive investments from Saputo, Agropur and others have changed
the structure of the industry. In the farming industry, things will be getting
much more challenging with CETA. Most of Canada's 11,000 dairy farmers are
concerned about the future of the quota system. Some adjustments have been made
by provincial boards in recent years, but these has not been nearly sufficient.
More trade-focused programs are needed and boards should think of ways to entice
dairy farmers to become more competitive. A robust vision for the sector must be
realized. Both governments and the dairy sector have been struggling with this
problem for decades.

Supply management is about producing what Canada needs as a nation. The quota
system allows producers to feel confident and get paid well while high tariffs
on imports keep foreign products away from Canadian consumers. This is a simple
system, which has been heavily criticized by most of the industrialized world
for decades. Now CETA will allow thousands of kilos of cheese to enter the
Canadian market, exempt from tariffs. This influx of products will represent
about 2 per cent of Canada's milk production, which will no longer be needed.
This figure may not seem like much to the average person, but CETA does in fact
create a significant breach in the quota system; a change which in turn will
destabilize Canada's entire agricultural system. And, with all provinces having
endorsed CETA under the previous government, more changes are on the way.

CETA will force the issue of supply management reform which should be welcome
news, for dairy farmers most of all. Most have been led to believe that the
status quo will serve their interests well. . But, given that Canada has lost
well over 30,000 dairy farms under supply management, it is time for governments
and industry to work on a comprehensive plan to allow the Canadian dairy
industry to become more competitive. A recent benchmark report suggest that
Swiss dairy farmers are the least competitive in the world. Canadians are a
close second. If borders open up to allowing more foreign dairy products in the
future, Canada's dairy sector will completely collapse. Any reform would need to
be implemented over the next 15 to 20 years, to give Canadian dairy farmers a
fighting chance to adjust to these market changes.

CETA will be a catalytic force for change, and Ottawa must develop an appetite
for this, since it will not be easy. The Canadian government will need to
contend with years of fiscal and socio-political baggage. The mandate letter
given to the minister of agriculture did not mention anything remotely close to
reforming Canada's archaic supply-management practices. These are due for a
complete overhaul, and leadership coming from Ottawa will be key. For now, the
industry has been left to deal with its own problems.

As the deadline for ratification of CETA loomed, the Trudeau government's
inexperience in diplomacy and global negotiations was painfully obvious. With
CETA and other such agreements, it appears the Trudeau government does not have
much desire for negotiations in general. Not very reassuring for those looking
to Ottawa for some leadership in reforming our supply management regime, which
is in dire need of restructuring. Patience and reserve are virtues, particularly
when dealing with the ever-contentious issue of agricultural trade. With CETA,
Ottawa almost fumbled the ball in the proverbial end-zone at the last minute of
play. But the deal may prevail. Hopefully the Trudeau government adopts a
different, more mature approach domestically for the betterment of Canada's own
dairy farmers.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 July 16, 2015

Zim Urged to Go for Contract Manufacturing

LENGTH: 493 words


Zimbabwe could replicate the success of contract farming by engaging in contract
manufacturing in the food sector, Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) economic
research director Mr Simon Nyarota has said.

Mr Nyarota said contract manufacturing could have significant downstream
benefits to the economy.

"The success of contract farming tempts us to think that this concept can also
be extended to the agro-manufacturing industries, with more downstream benefits
to the economy.

Zimbabwe has always benefitted from strong sectoral linkages between agriculture
and manufacturing, and these linkages can be further exploited through contract
manufacturing in the food industry," he said

Mr Nyarota said contract agro-manufacturing has many advantages including
improved efficiency at agro-firm level, value addition, lowering costs and
reducing complexities associated with access to global markets and technologies.

He said success stories on contract manufacturing show that food companies have
been able to combine several production and marketing processes under one roof
or chain, including packaging, labelling, storage and shipping of finished
products.

"Contract manufacturing reduces food waste with additional spill-over benefits
on food safety and environment," he added.

Mr Nyarota said the current wave of downward correction of prices is inevitable
as producers have to remain competitive against an influx of cheap imports.

"In tandem with trends in global food prices, the prices of food in Zimbabwe
have also been on a sustained downward trend, of course weighed down by other
domestic factors such as waning effective demand, substitution effects of
cheaper imported food commodities and seasonal supply conditions.

"The country inherited very high price levels from the hyperinflationary era,
and the current wave of downward correction is inevitable, if producers are to
remain competitive in the face of influx of cheaper imported goods," he said.

He said a recent study commissioned by Government revealed that the costs of
production in Zimbabwe are much higher than those of the region, particularly
the cost of utilities, resulting in higher final prices of goods and services,
compared to those obtaining in neighbouring countries, resulting in less
preference for locally produced goods.

Recent studies on competitiveness have concluded that most of the cost drivers
in the economy originate from utility costs, largely emanating from goods and
services provided by public entities such as parastatals and local authorities.

"In this regard, Government has already put in place mechanisms and structures
to comprehensively address the underlying causes of unsustainably high prices in
the domestic economy.

To complement these efforts, industries and food processors should interrogate
their production, marketing and distribution models, to ensure that they are
cleansed of inherent inefficiencies and unrealistic mark-up and profit margins,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Ignoring agriculture

BYLINE: HASHIM ABRO - Islamabad

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 349

LENGTH: 81  words


Agricultural experts from Z A Bhutto Agricultural College, Dokri, Larkana, have
warned that Sindh's soil problems are heading towards a crisis. The future
picture is bleak because producing more food for a burgeoning population,
coupled with an influx of refugees, is the biggest challenge for the province
but who cares in such a country where often uneducated, visionless, and even
brainless people are appointed as ministers for agriculture, livestock,
fisheries and dairy development.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Economists: World Bank unemployment figure too low

BYLINE: Elias Sakr

LENGTH: 657 words


A World Bank forecast for Lebanon's unemployment rate to double in 2014 is
misleading, according to local economists - but only because the current figures
are already significantly higher than the report estimated.

BEIRUT: A World Bank forecast for Lebanon's unemployment rate to double in 2014
is misleading, according to local economists - but only because the current
figures are already significantly higher than the report estimated.

In a recent assessment of the impact of the Syrian crisis on Lebanon, the World
Bank forecast that the unemployment rate would increase by nearly twofold to
reach 20 percent, putting an additional 220,000-324,000 Lebanese, primarily
women and unskilled youths, out of work.

However, while the World Bank put the current unemployment rate at 11 percent,
some economists argue it is significantly higher in the absence of any official
data.

Economist Ghazi Wazni told The Daily Star that the unemployment rate was likely
to reach 20 percent in 2014 as estimated by the World Bank but added that the
percentage increase should be calculated based on a current 15 percent rate.

"The average unemployment rate in the Arab world stands at around 15 percent,
and I don't believe it is lower in Lebanon," Wazni said.

The World Bank expects the influx of Syrian refugees to increase labor supply by
between 30 and 50 percent, with the largest impact on women and youth.

"At a time when economic activity is subdued ... the overall unemployment rate
and the share of informal work in total employment could both increase, each by
up to 10 percentage points," the World Bank report said.

Nassib Ghobril, head of economic research at Byblos Bank, said that long before
the crisis Lebanon had a large number of low-skilled Syrian laborers, 17 percent
of the total labor force, working in low-paid jobs perceived as unattractive to
Lebanese, such as construction and agriculture.

However, over the past few months, some Lebanese business owners have complained
of unfair competition as Syrian refugees opened a flood of unlicensed small
shops and businesses in the Bekaa Valley region.

In face of limited assistance from humanitarian agencies, Lebanese authorities
turned a blind eye at first, but after growing complaints, municipal authorities
and Internal Security Forces began enforcing laws requiring businesses to have
proper documentation.

Also, cases of some high-skilled professional Syrian refugees, such as doctors
and engineers, entering the informal job market have been reported lately, but
Wazni said their numbers remained very small.

Ghassan Diba, professor of economics at the Lebanese American University, told
The Daily Star that regardless of whether the projected increase in the
unemployment rate is exaggerated, the estimates are at best provisional in the
absence of historical data.

While the recent influx of refugees has deepened Lebanon's social woes, the
government has long failed to tackle increasing unemployment among youths and
the high emigration rates of skilled graduates, according to economists.

Excluding the influx of Syrian refugees, 23,000 individuals are expected to
enter the labor market on average annually over the next 10 years, according to
the World Bank, which highlighted that the Lebanese economy would need to create
more than six times the 3,400 jobs it is currently creating each year.

Unemployment rates reach as high as 34 percent among the youth and 18 percent
among women.

"To create jobs, the government needs to invest in infrastructure projects and
the public sector," Diba said.

According to the World Bank, Lebanon would require between $166 million and $242
million in resources to stabilize the social situation.

"Stabilizing the situation by implementing a comprehensive package of active
labor market programs to improve livelihoods and earnings opportunities over the
short term would require resources in the order of $166-242 million," the World
Bank report said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2013 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 15, 1998, Wednesday, Edition 1

OTTAWA URGED TO TAKE STAND IN IMPORTED BUTTEROIL DISPUTE

BYLINE: John Deverell

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 289 words


BUSINESS REPORTER

 Dairy farmers and food processors are urging Ottawa to pick a
 side in their long squabble over imported butteroil in Canadian
 ice cream.
 Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief has been loath to mix
 into a dispute that pits a milk production quota system loved by
 24,000 dairy farmers against a national affection for cheap ice
 cream.
 The minister is running out of skating room, however. The
 Canadian International Trade Tribunal recently signalled that
 Ottawa can probably support either the farmers or the processors
 within the bounds set by current international trade agreements.
 The Dairy Farmers of Canada two years ago began fussing about the
 influx from New Zealand via Mexico of a butteroil/sugar blend
 that ice-cream makers were bringing into Canada duty-free. The
 imports were illegal, the farmers claimed, and were costing them
 about $50 million a year in lost revenue.
 The trade tribunal's review says the cheap imports are not
 illegal, haven't hurt Canadian farmers to the extent claimed and
 will hurt more with time as the products finds its way into more
 ice cream and processed cheese.
 The tribunal said Revenue Canada could ask for a reclassification
of the butteroil blend any time the minister chooses, if the
 government really wants to put a tariff on the product.
 The Food and Consumer Products Manufacturers of Canada is urging
 Vanclief and his Liberal cabinet colleagues to keep hands off.
 The cheap imports ''keep prices low for Canadian consumers and
 foster the type of innovation that will ultimately help Canada's
 dairy industry grow,'' says the group's policy director, Laurie
 Curry.


LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              429 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 28, 2008 Saturday

Latino summit kicks off: With increased immigation, officials recognize the
"future of the state."

BYLINE: Chris Lavender, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 628 words


Jun. 28--GREENVILLE -- The state's Latino leadership met Friday at East Carolina
University to discuss how to bolster efforts to improve immigrants' economic
opportunities.

About 300 people gathered at the Murphy Center for the first Mexican and Latin
American Leadership Summit in North Carolina. The summit was presented by the
Associations of Mexicans in North Carolina.

More than 700,000 Latinos currently live in the state, which has seen a
staggering 595 percent increase in Latino immigration from 1990 to 2008,
according to Angela Sanbrano of the National Alliance of Latin American and
Caribbean Communities.

Undocumented immigrant workers alone contribute $220 billion to the nation's
gross domestic product annually, Sanbrano said.

"The South is seeing a tremendous immigration transformation," she said.
"Seventy-five percent of the nation's agricultural labor force is Mexican."

The influx of Latino and Mexican immigration has contributed to a growing
undocumented workforce for many small rural southern communities. Currently,
there are about 12 million undocumented immigrants in the nation, Sanbrano said.

During the summit, Dr. Helen Marrow of Harvard University discussed the impact
of documented and undocumented immigrants on Eastern North Carolina's
infrastructure.

From 1980 to 1984, 18 percent of Mexican immigrants moving to this nation were
undocumented, she said. From 2000 to 2004, 85 percent of Mexican immigrants
moving to this nation were undocumented.

This influx was due to changes in the nation's temporary work visa requirements
in the mid-1980s and tougher border enforcement which actually increased the
number of undocumented immigrants staying in the United States, Marrow said.

Marrow also said the influx of Mexican immigrants to North Carolina has helped
stabilize some rural counties which have seen declining population growth.
Immigrants come to the state looking for jobs in food processing, construction,
and agribusiness, she said.

Several officials from Lenoir County attended the summit, including Pride of
Kinston Executive Director Adrian King.

"This is the future of our state," King said. "There has been a long history of
tension in immigration movements. In 10 years we will look entirely different
and it's good we are able to talk about it."

Summit leaders agreed with King's observations. J.R. Peralta, Association of
Mexicans in North Carolina President and Lenoir Community College Director for
Continuing Latino Education, said community organizers need to work better to
protect the rights of Latino residents.

"Support and build alliances," he said. "Help us foster leadership."

Groups from California, Texas, Florida and Honduras attended the summit, which
included panel discussions on the Economic Benefits of Building Latino
Leadership as well as African-Americans and Latinos Uniting for Social Justice.

Chris Lavender can be reached at (252) 559-1078 or clavender@freedomenc.com

Mexican and Latin American Leadership Summit 2008

--        700,000 Latinos currently live in North Carolina.

--        Undocumented immigrant workers contribute $220 billion to nation's
gross domestic product annually.

--        Changes in temporary work visa permits have contributed to influx of
undocumented immigrants.

--        From 2000 to 2004, 85 percent of Mexican immigrants moving to United
States were undocumented.

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080628-KI-Latino-summit-kicks-off-0628

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2008 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              430 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    July 15, 1998, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

Ottawa urged to take stand in imported butteroil dispute

BYLINE: by John Deverell TORONTO STAR

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 275 words


   Dairy farmers and food processors are urging Ottawa to pick a side in their
long squabble over imported butteroil in Canadian ice cream.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief has been loath to mix into a dispute
that pits a milk production quota system loved by 24,000 dairy farmers against a
national affection for cheap ice cream.

The minister is running out of skating room, however. The Canadian International
Trade Tribunal recently signalled that Ottawa can probably support either the
farmers or the processors within the bounds set by current international trade
agreements.

The Dairy Farmers of Canada two years ago began fussing about the influx from
New Zealand via Mexico of a butteroil/sugar blend that ice-cream makers were
bringing into Canada duty-free. The imports were illegal, the farmers claimed,
and were costing them about $50 million a year in lost revenue.

The trade tribunal's review says the cheap imports are not illegal, haven't hurt
Canadian farmers to the extent claimed and will hurt more with time as the
products finds its way into more ice cream and processed cheese.

The tribunal said Revenue Canada could ask for a reclassification of the
butteroil blend any time the minister chooses, if the government really wants to
put a tariff on the product.

The Food and Consumer Products Manufacturers of Canada is urging Vanclief and
his Liberal cabinet colleagues to keep hands off. The cheap imports "keep prices
low for Canadian consumers and foster the type of innovation that will
ultimately help Canada's dairy industry grow," says the group's policy director,
Laurie Curry.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              431 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Southern Reporter

                                August 24, 2006

European migrants boosting Borders economy, says Parker

LENGTH: 714  words


AN influx of migrant workers from eastern Europe to the Borders - conservatively
estimated at 600 - is helping boost the local economy and reverse a trend of
skill shortages which has threatened to put many companies out of business.

That is the view of Scottish Borders Council leader David Parker, reacting to
the news that the UK government had radically miscalculated the inward migration
figures from countries such as Poland, the Czech Republic and Lithuania, which
acceded to European Union membership in 2004. "Some sections of the media have
portrayed this scale of immigration as a negative thing and, while we are
monitoring the trends and the possible impact on council services, the feedback
so far here has been extremely positive."

The government has been criticised after admitting that more than 600,000 people
from the new states, including 447,000 on the worker registration scheme, have
come to the UK in the past two years. Those now registered in Scotland total
32,000.

The estimate of numbers in the Borders was given by Lesley Crozier, SBC's senior
officer for social justice, equality and diversity.

A member of the multi-agency Borders Migration Group, Ms Crozier revealed that
interviews were taking place this week for the new post of community support
outreach migrant worker whose main job would be to help the assimilation of the
incomers as free and equal EU citizens.

The successful candidate, funded by the Scottish Executive, will also assess and
report on the impact of the influx on public services, including health,
education and housing.

But so far, said Ms Crozier, few adverse comments had been received at the
regular meetings of her group, which comprises representatives of the police,
housing providers, VisitScotland, Scottish Enterprise Borders and NHS Borders as
well as the council.

She accepted that the 600 figure may well be an underestimate and explained the
council had no legal responsibility to keep an exact tally or to track
individuals.

Ms Crozier said: "We are, however, governed by equality legislation, which
ensures they are welcomed here, whether there is one or a million."

The biggest single group is from Poland where the government is under pressure
to introduce incentives, such as tax breaks, to stem the flow of outward
migration and encourage natives to return.

Most work in the eastern Borders and the Hawick area, and the main sectors are
fish processing and filleting, agriculture, public transport, construction,
hotels/ restaurants and care homes. NHS Borders is another major employer.

Mr Parker told TheSouthern: "We must remember that although unemployment has
been low here, we are trying to reverse a trend of economic downturn and
stagnation, underpinned by an ageing population, young people leaving and
massive skill shortages in key industries, such as construction and
manufacturing.

"Even companies such as fibreoptic specialists Emtel of Hawick have long
complained about not being able to recruit staff locally. Now that problem is
being addressed," he said.

Mr Parker did not believe the present rate of migration would drive down wages
in an area already at the bottom of the Scottish pay league.

"Wages in the Borders have been low because companies, in order to survive, have
had to operate low profit margins. But with a vibrant economy, fuelled by our
new workers, we are already seeing better-paid jobs coming to the Borders. There
is a misconception companies like Tesco and Asda pay low wages: they do not.

"A successful future lies in attracting people who are economically active and
pay taxes like you and me."

Mr Parker conceded there was a knock-on cost for council services, such as
education where children who did not speak English required special assistance.

"However, the block grant we receive annually from Holyrood is based on
population, so I can't foresee a situation of Council Tax going up purely
because of the migrants. It will be a matter for central govern-ment to decide
whether to cap the new wave from Bulgaria and Romania next year, but I see no
reason to discourage migration at present."

Ms Crozier said the number of crimes perpetrated by or towards the migrants, and
reported by the police to the multi-agency group, was "minimal" and no higher
than for any social grouping.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                              June 26, 2006 Monday

COMMENTARY;
An urban nightmare: Can it be avoided?

BYLINE: Walden Bello

SECTION: Pg. S1/5

LENGTH: 778 words


(This article originally appeared on the BBC Web site
[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in-depth/5094602.stm] on June 20, 2006, as the
author's contribution to an expert panel on "The Urban World in 2050.")

An urban nightmare in less than 50 years' time is certainly what will engulf us
if current trends continued.

In the South, urban populations are growing at twice the rate of national
populations. People continue to be expelled from the countryside in large
numbers, and a key reason for this is that agriculture has simply been made
unattractive by the lack of agrarian reform, the dumping of cheap, subsidized
agricultural products from the North courtesy of the World Trade Organization's
Agreement on Agriculture, and decades of city- biased and industry-first
economic development policies that consistently pushed down the price of grain
and other farm products.

At the same time, the capacity of industry and manufacturing to absorb the
influx from the countryside is being eroded by deindustrialization. Local
manufacturers are being driven out of business by radically lowered tariffs on
foreign products under economic programs imposed by the International Monetary
Fund and the WTO, and foreign investors are closing up shop and moving to China
to take advantage of dirt-cheap wages. One of the results of this
migration-without-absorption is the mushrooming of vast shantytowns populated by
what some have called a "subproletariat." The urban poor living in such
settlements under terrible conditions of squalor, crime, and insecurity now make
up 30% to 40% of the population of cities such as Manila, Jakarta, Mexico, and
Lagos. With their budgets gutted by austerity programs pushed by the IMF and the
World Bank, and unable or unwilling to tax the rich, city governments cannot
provide basic services needed by this swelling urban mass such as water,
electricity, and infrastructure.

Northern cities have their equivalent of these Third World shantytowns: Inner
city ghettoes, overcrowded housing projects, and suburban slums where racial
minorities and immigrants and their children cluster, unable to find jobs or
able to find only low-paying unskilled jobs unwanted by the dominant society.
The capital of the empire is becoming a paradigm for the rest of the urban
America: Washington, D.C. is a predominantly black city dominated by white
minority that works in the city by day, but lives in the suburbs of Virginia and
Maryland by night. The French urban explosions in the fall of 2005, brought
about by the volatile mix of hostility of the dominant white society and the
desperation of the ethnic poor, are perhaps merely the dress rehearsal for the
future.

Assaulted by climate change, massive air pollution, and biologically dead
rivers, the cities of the South are becoming environmental disaster areas.
Manila, Shenyang (China), Mexico City are the rule. In the North, the gains
registered in restoring the environments in some cities in the last few years
are now threatened by the combination of climate change, tight city budgets
imposed by fiscal conservatives, and influential pro- development lobbies. The
urban landscape depicted by Paul Theroux in his classic 1986 novel O-Zone, where
the rich live in artificial "green" enclaves protected by private corporate
armies from the environmentally devastated areas surrounding them that are
populated by the rest, will soon move from fiction to fact.

These trends can be reversed, but only by moves that would truly be
revolutionary, among these a rigorous regime of very deep cuts in greenhouse gas
emissions; an end to the poverty and inequality creating programs of the World
Bank, the IMF, and the World Trade Organization; a new economic relationship
based on justice and equity between the North and the South that would involve
strict controls on the operations of transnational corporations; genuine
programs of wealth and income redistribution in both the North and the South;
and a direct assault on privileges built on racism and ethnocentrism.

If the 20th century is any indication, skeptics say, such deep-seated changes
can come only after terrible wars and social turmoil. But, perhaps, the
increasingly common realization among the rich and well-off that their
privileges can no longer be purchased at the expense of the misery of the many
and the destruction of the planet without massive resistance might just be the
specter that can bring about a relatively less troubled transition this time
around.

Walden Bello is the executive director of the Bangkok-based research and policy
institute Focus on the Global South and a professor of sociology at the
University of the Philippines.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Advertiser (Australia)

                              July 15, 2011 Friday
                               1 - State Edition

Cheap imports replace our glace fruit maker

BYLINE: SAM KELTON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 287  words


INDEPENDENT Senator Nick Xenophon will take the closure of a local glace fruit
producer to a Senate committee as an example of Australia's growing decline in
agriculture.

Once a staple for cakes of all occasions, glace fruit will be no more in South
Australia with Virgin Hills, which produces glace fruit, muscatels, frozen fruit
and diced citrus peel, closing its doors and paving the way for cheaper imports.

``This is almost like the canary in the coalmine for Australian agriculture,''
Senator Xenophon said. ``I'll be referring this to a Senate committee on food
processing and telling them if we don't make glace fruits any more, what does
that say about Australian agriculture and food processing?''

Senator Xenophon also said the influx of cheaper, lesser-quality imports was
indicative of our flailing agriculture industry.

``This will be overseas fruit that is processed and sent here. It's crazy,''
Senator Xenophon said. ``We'll end up getting imports of a lesser quality. It's
indicative of how bad things are in agriculture.''

Karen Rogers, of Adelaide fruit and nut store Ditters, is selling the final few
pieces of locally produced glace fruit before having to resort to imports.

``We're trying to find out where we can get glace fruit from and people are
calling us asking the same question,'' Ms Rogers said.

``It's yet another local industry that has disappeared. It's a bit traumatic
because we have our regular customers, particularly at Christmas time, who come
in and buy all their ingredients.''

Senator Xenophon said that despite the niche market of the preserved fruit, it
should be taken as a warning sign.

``These shiny glace fruits are a symbol of what is wrong with Australian
agriculture,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                           September 18, 2015 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Landcare pays off for stalwart

BYLINE: Karolin MacGregor

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 670 words


A Tasmanian Landcare stalwart says the biggest benefit of the organisation is
sharing ideas with others. Karolin MacGregor reports LANDCARE is an example of
what community-led environmental management can achieve and for more than two
decades Brian Baxter has been one of its strongest supporters.

Mr Baxter, who farms at Pipers River, is currently vice-president of the
Tasmanian Landcare Association, but his involvement begun back in 1991.

"For me it really started through a group from the TFGA," he said. "Back then a
lot of it was about sustainable agriculture stuff. We had a group of farmers and
all of us had different issues on our properties that we wanted to look at."
These farmers formed the East Tamar Landcare Group, which was one of the first
in the state.

At the time, Mr Baxter was facing an influx of wallabies that was having a
serious impact on pastures.

"We got one of the first Federal Government grants and we had multiple projects
on the go," he said. "On my place it was installing 500m of wallaby fencing."
His land bordering native bush, Mr Baxter said browsing wildlife was a constant
problem, but at the time there were few fencing options.

The first experimental fence was 500m of 10-wire electric. It turned out to be
highly effective and surprisingly is still in operation today.

"That was basically all there was at the time and when we put it in we thought
maintenance was going to be the biggest problem, but actually it wasn't too
bad," he said.

"The biggest problem was the time it took to build. Where we did the first fence
was quite flat but we could see it wouldn't be as effective on undulating areas.
It has been there for almost 25 years though, so that's pretty good." Since that
first fence Mr Baxter has put in 6km of wallaby-proof fencing on the property.

Some of the older fencing has had an electric outrigger installed at the base to
prevent the wallabies digging underneath.

Mr Baxter said the use of night cameras had revealed that it took a wallaby just
two nights to dig their way under a fence.

"It's not just how much they eat, it's the damage they do as well, because
they'll eat the good grasses and then all you're left with are the brown top and
other rubbish," he said. "I like to see a few wallabies around, but the massive
numbers we had were the problem." In the early days the group developed a
catchment plan for the Pipers River including willow removal. With co-operation
of participating landholders, willows have been removed from about 15km of the
river.

On his own property Mr Baxter had a clear plan of what to achieve. One of the
priorities was fencing off waterways and remnant vegetation.

The 729ha property includes about 486ha of pasture with the rest riparian areas,
remnant bush and some forestry plantations.

"The most important thing with remnant bush was to keep the stock out. "When you
walk through those areas now, it has gone from nothing to bush." The farm
includes a flock of 2000 composite ewes and a herd of 150 Angus cows with mainly
Landfall genetics.

Mr Baxter said he was changing from Merino sheep to composite ewes to focus on
prime lamb production.

With most of his main goals on the property achieved, Mr Baxter is now focusing
on developing green corridors or shelter belts. The plan is to manage some of
those for timber production.

After almost 25 years with Landcare, Mr Baxter said it was satisfying to look
back and see what had been achieved.

"I've always thought it was a good cause and we're all volunteers," he said. "It
has been good to be there from the inception and see it right though. A big part
of it is sharing ideas. Every day you learn something and everyone does
something a little differently." Mr Baxter encouraged anyone, but especially
farmers to get involved."I know what it's like being on a farm, most of the time
it's head down and bum up," he said. " It's easy to lose sight of what else is
happening, so that's where being involved with something like Landcare is really
good, it gives you a broader view."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             April 11, 2014 Friday

Foothill Farms responds to recent government changes to grain and protein
maximums with website improvements

SECTION: PHARMACEUTICAL & HEALTHCARE PACKAGING; United States of America

LENGTH: 294 words



HIGHLIGHT: This January, the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
permanently lifted the part of the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids Act that set
maximums for the amount of grains and proteins K-12 schools could serve at
lunch.


After learning of this pivotal change, Foothill Farms, responded by redesigning
its website to be USDA food friendly. Now, distributors, foodservice brokers,
directors, managers and school nutritionists can easily find recipes and create
monthly menus by new recipe categories "Utilize USDA Foods" and "Whole Grain".

Foothill Farms has populated its "Utilize USDA Foods" recipe category with over
50 recipes for entrees that meet the Healthy, Hunger Free Kids Act. The "Whole
Grain" recipe category has over 25 menu ideas represented. "We want to make sure
our website is K-12 foodservice manager and dietitian friendly," commented Luann
Schafer, senior marketing manager. She adds, "If we can be a helpful resource
that simplifies school lunch menu planning than we have accomplished our goal."
Lifting the grain and protein maximums eliminates the weekly limits that were
imposed on school meals and allows school cafeterias more freedom to add menu
variety, as well as, increase the amount of food consumed on school campuses.
Foothill Farms® anticipates an influx in school cafeteria menu variety, which is
why they expanded their recipe offerings.

Foothill Farms is committed to keeping up with governmental changes affecting
K-12 school menus. Its Flavorwise[TM] product line was created to help reduce
sodium on school menus without sacrificing taste and to help utilize USDA Foods
offered to schools in kid-friendly ways. Each product has 310mg sodium or less
per serving, 0g trans fat, is low fat or fat free and contains no cholesterol or
added MSG. As the USDA's target sodium levels change, Foothill Farms is
committed to adjust accordingly to correspond with the federal nutritional
guidelines. Currently, there are 29 products in the Flavorwise product line.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

Philippines sends 'trial' onions to Japan

BYLINE: Raymond Jun R. Portillo

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 253 words


THE PHILIPPINES has sent a trial shipment of yellow onions to Japan last week in
a bid to provide the country's onion producers a new market.

According to a Department of Agriculture statement, DA and National Onion
Growers Cooperative Marketing Association, Inc. (NOGROCOMA) officials "sent off
a trial shipment of 20 metric tons (MT) of yellow granex onions to Japan on
March 16."

The shipment was the result of a project called "Enhancing the Productivity of
Yellow Onion Towards Commercialization for the Export Market," which aims to
improve onion production through the application of technologies that will
increase yield and quality, according to the Bureau of Agricultural Research
(BAR) Web site.

"If the initial shipment conforms to the quality standards accepted by the
Japanese market, it will pave the way to further boosting our onion industry by
providing our farmers a guaranteed market," Agriculture Secretary Proceso J.
Alcala was quoted as saying in the statement read.

If successful, this will be the first yellow onion export after 13 years, with
NOGROCOMA Chief Executive Officer Dulce I. Gozon recalling that the "industry
suffered a slump in the 1990s due to the influx of cheaper smuggled onions that
eased out local onions in the domestic market."

Bureau of Agricultural Statistics (BAS) data showed that onion production last
year totaled 125,000 MT, 7.41% lower than 2011's 135,000 MT.

Out of the total onions produced last year, 15% were yellow onions, 30% were
shallots and 55% were red onions.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

Small farmers of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa: government urged to waive off agriculture
loans

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 281

LENGTH: 275  words


President Pakistan Kisan Ittehad Jan Nisar Khan has urged the government to
waive off agriculture loans of small growers of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Speaking at
a news conference on Monday, he said that if government fails to accept their
demand, they would march towards Islamabad and besiege President, PM Houses. He
said that farmers would also stage protest demonstration outside Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa Governor and CM Houses.

He was flanked by General Secretary, Malik Waris Khan, Arshad Khan and a large
number of small growers. He said that the government had imposed huge taxes and
Abayana on floods and terrorism-hit farmers, which was totally unfair. He said
that the government had written off loans of those farmers who had political
affiliation but the small farmers were deprived of the facility.

Khan said that the government had given subsidy of Rs 480 million to farmers of
Punjab on seeds, fertilisers, and urea under the PM-relief package announced two
year back. However, he said that the no single penny was distributed among the
farmers in the districts. He alleged the government had transferred agriculture
loans to Punjab province.

Khan said that the FP-10 constituency was also very much affected by terrorism,
floods and insurgency, but the government was not bothered to extend any relief
to small growers of the area. He said that the 50 percent agriculture had been
badly affected in the area owing to influx of people from Afghanistan,
terrorism, floods and drought. He demanded of the government to immediate waive
off agricultural loans of small farmers hailing from PF-10 and called for fully
implementation of PM-Relief Package.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

Time to reignite a science renaissance

BYLINE: Zakri Abdul Hamid

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 937 words


AS we celebrate our 53rd Merdeka, it is also appropriate to reflect on what role
science can play in building our national prosperity.

There used to be a time when science flourished in this country and contributed
to wealth creation, although it was misdirected and catered to a different
stakeholder. During the colonial era, several research institutions were
established to enrich the British empire or to take care of the well-being of
our then political masters.

The Institute of Medical Research was established in 1901 to address the hazards
posed by tropical diseases prevailing at that time, malaria being one of them.

To meet the needs of an increasing population due partly to an influx of
immigrant labourers, and to fill the coffers of the colonial government through
export of agricultural produce, the Department of Agriculture was founded in
1905. To help exploit our abundant and pristine biological diversity at that
time, especially the extraction of timber, the Forest Research Institute of
Malaya was launched in 1926.

In one of the earliest episodes of bio-piracy, in 1876, Henry Wickham, an
Englishman, smuggled 70,000 rubber seeds out of Brazil to be germinated at Kew
Gardens near London, a despicable act but still deserving of a knighthood from
Queen Victoria. Some of the seedlings were despatched to the Far East for
large-scale planting.

To support the fledgling rubber industry, the Rubber Research Institute of
Malaya (RRIM) was founded in 1926. The then Malaya and later Malaysia was the
top rubber producing country in the world for many years, because of the
excellent research and development conducted at RRIM. Rubber remained a top
revenue earner for the country in the early years after Merdeka.

Oil palm, originally from West Africa, was first introduced to Malaya in 1910 by
Scotsman William Sime and English banker Henry Darby. The first plantations were
established by colonial owners such as Sime Darby. These companies were
"Malaysianised" in the 1970s.

Science had a hand in creating wealth through oil palm cultivation. Research,
which was earlier conducted by the plantation houses, received a boost with the
establishment of the Palm Oil Research Institute of Malaysia (Porim) in 1979.

Porim (renamed Malaysian Palm Oil Board in 2000) is a public-private-coordinated
institution with an impressive rate of technology commercialisation at 30.6 per
cent (compared with 3.4 per cent among local universities).

Time and circumstances have changed. Agro-based economic activities no longer
constitute the bulk of our national prosperity. The export-oriented electrical
and electronics industries located in the free trade zones brought a lot of
revenue in the 1970s and 1980s but may not be tenable much longer, given the
increasing competition from our cheaper-cost neighbours. Petroleum is a major
source of income but this source of wealth is finite.

It is time to venture into other wealth-creating pursuits. The dawn of the 21st
century has brought with it advances in information and communication technology
and emerging technologies such as biotechnology, nanotechnology and the green
technologies. However, these are all knowledge-intensive activities.

We need to prepare and equip our people well. Experience has shown that
countries that grow rich are not necessarily those well-endowed with natural
resources but those that invest wisely in building their human capital and
allocating a reasonable percentage of their gross domestic product to research
and development.

Indeed, a 2007 World Bank Report suggested that "Malaysia needs an economy where
science, technology and engineering are integrated into the production process
and where creativity, imagination, knowledge and design capability are embodied
in well-educated skilled workers who are the main source of national prosperity
and wealth".

Vision 2020 and the New Economic Model cannot be premised on low-cost, low-tech
mass production but need to be driven by cutting-edge technologies underpinned
by a strong R&D and innovation base.

We have embarked on that road. However, it has been a halting start.
Notwithstanding that our policymakers are aware of the potential of science,
technology and innovation in wealth creation, and national targets have been
well set, these targets are somewhat off the mark for the moment.

There is an urgent need for a revamp of our science governance and research
priority-setting. For example, although R&D spending of 1.5 per cent of gross
domestic product was targeted in the Ninth Malaysia Plan, the gross expenditure
on R&D in 2008 was a low 0.21 per cent, a dismal figure compared with the R&D
spending of countries like Japan (3.32 per cent), South Korea (3.22 per cent)
and Singapore (2.77 per cent).

Our efforts to increase the number of researchers to 50 per 10,000 workers were
also not realised: the current figure stands at 20.3 per 10,000, compared with
South Korea's 89.8 and Singapore's 103.

It is timely, therefore, as recently announced in the 10th Malaysia Plan, that
the government intends to establish the National Science and Research Council,
an apex body mandated to provide advice, set priorities and streamline R&D
activities.

This is a strong signal to researchers in the public sector and partners in the
corporate world that the government recognises the crucial role that science in
general and R&D, in particular, play in building a prosperous and peaceful
nation.

Let us work together to reignite the fire for a science renaissance in this
country.

The writer is science adviser to the prime minister and chairman of the National
Professors Council

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

Protecting Alegres Mountain in Catron County

BYLINE: From the Current-Argus Submitted to the Current-Argus

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 875 words


SANTA FE -- On July 28, , the New Mexico Land Conservancy and the New Mexico
State Forestry Division in partnership with the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Natural Resources Conservation Service announced the permanent protection of
over 2,000 acres of land on the southern and eastern flanks of Alegres Mountain
in northern Catron County. Partial funding for the conservation easement was
provided through the New Mexico Energy, Minerals and Natural Resources
Department and the USDA's Farm and Ranchland Protection Program.

The landowners of the property, the Shortes family, were very concerned about
the impending development and subdivision of larger ranches that have become a
growing trend in northern Catron County in the last few years, peaking during
the height of the real estate market a few years ago.

"My family wanted to do something to preserve the legacy provided to us by my
granddad, V.M. Shortes. He found the Pie Town ranch in 1971, and loved the
history, the rugged beauty, the pristine nature of the place. The area has
suffered from the influx of subdivisions, and has threatened the sacredness that
first entranced my grandfather," said Zeke Shortes. Mr. Shortes went on to say,
"A conservation easement will forever preserve the legacy and respect both my
grandfather's wishes while allowing us to provide an unspoiled landscape for my
family to enjoy for generations to come."

The completion of this easement marks the second conservation effort that the
Shortes family has undertaken on their family ranch. In 2010, the New Mexico
Land Conservancy, the New Mexico State Forestry Division and the USDA Natural
Resources Conservation Service partnered with the Shortes family to protect
nearly 3,000 acres of their ranch.

Michael Scisco, Conservation Director for the New Mexico Land Conservancy,
commends the Shortes family for committing to such a large scale conservation
effort. "The conservation of larger ranches has multiple benefits not only to
the wildlife and scenic character of special landscapes around New Mexico, but
also provides sustainability and security to agricultural operations by keeping
land and water available for farming and ranching," said Mr. Scisco.

The New Mexico State Forestry Division and the USDA Natural Resources
Conservation Service were great partners and critical to the completion of this
collaborative conservation effort.

"This conservation easement really shows the value of partnerships in land
conservation" said Tony Delfin, New Mexico State Forester. "The state money used
for this project leveraged a larger federal contribution and a generous donation
of easement value by the landowners. Together with the administrative
capabilities of the non-profit land trust we have successfully protected the
forest values of wildlife habitat, watershed and scenic views on a large part of
Alegres Mountain."

"The Farm and Ranchland Protection Program was set-up to protect the nation's
important farm and ranch lands, and NRCS's team here in New Mexico is proud of
this project which so well realizes that national goal," said Seth Fiedler,
Resource Conservationist, USDA Natural Resources Conservation Service.

The ranch includes important rangeland for productive cattle operations, but
also contains mature high elevation forests with unique stands of mature picon
pine and alligator juniper with pockets of Douglas fir in canyon bottoms and
Ponderosa pine at higher altitudes.

Elevations top out at just under 10,000 feet and the ranch includes some
portions of the continental divide. The ranch also contains excellent wildlife
habitat for large game species and provides open landscapes for animals to move
unimpeded by development or other deterrents.

The recently completed conservation easement adds to over 6,000 acres of current
protected private land around Alegres Mountain, bringing the total to well over
8,000 acres in the immediate area. Through the generosity of the Shortes family
and the valuable public-private partnership between the New Mexico Land
Conservancy, the New Mexico State Forestry Division and the USDA Natural
Resources Conservation Service, this conservation easement will forever help
protect the agricultural, wildlife habitat and scenic open space values of this
very unique and important landscape in northern Catron County.

Founded in 2002, the New Mexico Land Conservancy is dedicated to preserving New
Mexico's land heritage by working with private landowners, communities,
conservation organizations, and public agencies to protect significant wildlife
habitat, productive agricultural lands and, scenic open space at community,
watershed and landscape scales for conservation purposes and human benefit.

The New Mexico Land Conservancy's goal is to conserve, directly or in
partnership with others, 250,000 acres of high conservation value lands
throughout the state by 2027 through the use of conservation easements and other
voluntary land protection methods. To date, the New Mexico Land Conservancy has
helped private landowners conserve over 85,000 acres of land throughout the
state, and continues to pursue new conservation opportunities in western New
Mexico to help landowners conserve more land in this unique and special part of
the state.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 3, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

No Stomach for Tougher Food Oversight

BYLINE: Cindy Skrzycki

SECTION: Financial; D01 , THE REGULATORS Cindy Skrzycki

LENGTH: 1105 words


It took a book called "The Jungle," a grim assessment of work inside
slaughterhouses, plus a campaign by labor unions, medical professionals and
consumer groups, to pressure Congress to pass the Pure Food and Drug Act and the
Meat Inspection Act on the same day in 1906.

The food industry was opposed to legislative and regulatory oversight then, as
it is in many instances today. That is despite periodic instances of bad
publicity, such as that accompanying the recent discovery of fresh spinach
contaminated with E. coli bacteria.

The increased complexity of agriculture and distribution systems, the influx of
foods from all over the world and threats to the meat supply such as mad cow
disease haven't shaken the resistance of most producers and sellers to major
modification of the U.S.'s food-safety system.

In particular, the industry and Congress have no stomach for giving federal
regulators the power to order recalls, fine transgressors or unify the sprawling
regulatory authority. That authority is now shared by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, which oversees meat, poultry and eggs, and the Food and Drug
Administration, which is responsible for everything else, which amounts to about
80 percent of the food supply.

"It's not for lack of knowing the right solution," said Michael Taylor, former
director of the Agriculture Department's Food Safety and Inspection Service and
now a professor at the University of Maryland School of Medicine.

Without mandatory authority, the USDA and FDA rely on the states to notice a
problem and then for food companies to voluntarily recall their product, as
occurred in the spinach case. The agency then issues a press release informing
the public. In the case of meat and poultry, federal inspectors can shut down a
plant by withdrawing their required inspection services.

Dan Glickman, a longtime congressman from Kansas who was secretary of
agriculture in the Clinton administration, recalls giving speeches in 1997 in
support of legislation that would have given food-safety agencies stronger
enforcement powers, including mandatory recall authority and the ability to
impose civil penalties on violators of up to $100,000 a day.

The proposal didn't pass.

"This issue has never gotten resonance on the Hill," said Glickman, who now is
president of the Motion Picture Association of America. "It goes to the economic
power of the industry. The real answer is the powers in the industry don't want
it."

A similar effort  --  following an E. coli outbreak in hamburger served in Jack
in the Box restaurants that killed four children  --  also failed in 1994.

More recently, Sen. Richard J. Durbin (D-Ill.) has introduced several bills to
establish a single Food Safety Administration and authorize mandatory federal
recalls. Rep. Rosa L. DeLauro (D-Conn.) has been carrying the banner in the
House.

"They can't even get a hearing. These public-interest, good-government issues
--  there is no hearing," said Caroline Smith DeWaal, director of food safety
for the Center for Science in the Public Interest, a Washington-based
consumer-advocacy organization.

Both lawmakers have asked the Government Accountability Office, Congress's
investigative arm, to compare the response time of the food agencies to the
recent E. coli outbreak in spinach with those of countries that have a single
food agency. They said states began reporting illnesses at the end of August,
but the first FDA spinach warning didn't come until Sept. 14.

The big food companies and meat processors have steadfastly opposed handing more
authority to the two agencies.

"The members don't believe the system is broken," said Craig Henry, chief
science officer for the Food Products Association, a Washington-based group that
represents the large producers. "There are very few countries, if any, that set
a gold standard like the U.S."

Henry said mandatory recall might actually stand in the way of how companies now
respond to getting contaminated food out of supermarkets and people's homes.
"Companies don't want the liability, so they move very fast," he said.

He said the industry would rather see better communication across agencies than
creation of a single bureaucracy. The industry also is campaigning, along with
consumer groups, for more FDA funding.

The Food Marketing Institute, a trade group for the retail side of the business,
long has advocated a single food agency.

"One agency would make more efficient use of inspectors and send a clearer
message to consumers," said Timothy Hammonds, the institute's president.

Hammonds's group counts 20 agencies that have some responsibility for food
safety, including the Environmental Protection Agency and the Department of
Commerce. "The current system is designed more to encourage rivalries between
the agencies than to foster cooperation," said a report issued by the group.

DeWaal said agencies have little interest in giving up their authority  --  or
jobs. And the current complexity of the system works to the financial advantage
of lawyers and lobbyists who navigate it, she said.

Hammonds said any support in Congress for unifying the agencies has been eroded
by problems that have arisen with creating the Department of Homeland Security.
Whether one agency or two, he added, the government doesn't need more
enforcement power.

Advocates for change disagree.

The Center for Science in the Public Interest is concerned that companies
shipping food into the United States from abroad might not be as responsive to a
voluntary recall.

"One of the scary aspects of a voluntary recall system is it has no meaning for
food shipped from other countries," said DeWaal. "Foreign companies don't
understand a voluntary recall system. Why should they comply?"

Henry, of the large producers group, said overseas manufacturers are required to
comply with the food laws of the United States.

According to USDA statistics, about 12 percent of the U.S. food supply is
imported, a figure that has been growing steadily.

The National Farmers Union, which represents commodity and livestock producers,
would like more regulatory rigor. "You have to have confidence that the system
works and is responsive," said Thomas Buis, president of the group. "The
secretary ought to have mandatory recall authority. What if someone says no?"

Taylor, of the University of Maryland, predicts it will take more than an
occasional crisis to spur comprehensive action. "Politicians will wait until
there is a sufficient sense of urgency," he said.

Cindy Skrzycki is a regulatory columnist for Bloomberg News.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              441 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Certificate foils pork pirates

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 227  words


Agriculture - Canada has come up with a "fool-proof" certificate to prevent
Russian black marketeers from passing off dubious pork imports as Canadian,
Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said Tuesday.

Canada's relatively simple export certificate was being "pirated" last year,
which led to a two-month Russian ban on Canadian pork imports, Ritz told
reporters during a conference call from a trade mission in Moscow.

"They do have some situations over here where there is a black market, and our
certificates were being photocopied and used on other products," Ritz said.

"We worked with them over the winter to come up with a certificate that was
impenetrable."

Russia was Canada's third-largest pork export market in 1997 after the United
States and Japan, accounting for 89,000 tonnes worth $145 million.

The problem came to light when Russian import officials noticed an influx of
supposed Canadian pork into eastern border points, and checked certificates with
Canadian officials, said Nathan Hunt, a pork importer with Ronald A. Chisholm
Ltd. in Moscow.

Ritz said Canadian exporters signed $10 million in new pork and beef business to
Russia during the trade mission.

Canadian farm exports to Russia grew by 160 per cent between 2005 and 2007 to
$260 million, including a major shipment of more than 5,000 live cattle to
rebuild the Russian breeding herd, Ritz said.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Adams, York counties see influx of dog license sales

BYLINE: By Mark Walters mwalters@eveningsun.com @walt_walters on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1196 words


County treasurer offices are selling an influx of dog licenses in the week
following an announcement from the state's Department of Agriculture that dog
wardens will be canvassing neighborhoods to ensure people's pets are licensed
and vaccinated.

In the last week, the York County Treasurer's office sold 2,700 dog licenses,
about the same amount it sold in the entire month of February, said Barbara
Bair, York County treasurer.

The Adams County Treasurer's office sold 364 licenses since March 24, almost as
much as the entire month of February, when it sold 430, said Terry Adamik, Adams
County treasurer. The Adams County office is on pace to double its sales in
April from February, Adamik estimated.

The Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture announced last week that the state's
70 dog wardens would be visiting neighborhoods to ensure dog owners have current
licenses and rabies vaccinations for their pets.

Hanover pet vaccination clinic packed after dog wardens' warning

All dogs three months or older must be licensed by Jan. 1 of each year,
according to the state's dog law. Dog owners could incura $300 fine for having
an unlicensed dog and up to a $300 fine if their pet doesn't have a rabies
vaccination.

The dog law announcement was part of Gov. Tom Corbett's proclaiming March as dog
law and license awareness month, said Samantha Krepps, press secretary for the
state's Department of Agriculture.

"We're trying to educate owners that a dog license is a dog's ticket home,"
Krepps said. "And a lot of people don't know it's the law."

If a lost dog has a license, Krepps explained, it would be easier for the dog's
owner to get his dog back more quickly.

The Adams County Treasurer's office gets about two calls every week from someone
who has found a stray dog. If the dog is licensed, the office can look up the
dog owner's contact information so the dog can be returned, Adamik said.

"So many animals have been reunited with their families really quickly without
the SPCA or getting others involved by having their tags on," Adamik said.

Wardens are authorized to knock on a dog owner's front door to check if a dog is
licensed and has its rabies vaccination, Krepps said.

If a warden notices a dog in a yard without its license, the warden can ask to
see proof of the dog's license and rabies vaccination, Krepps said. If the dog
is not licensed or vaccinated, wardens will either issue warnings or citations,
she said.

If a dog warden suspects a dog lives at a residence but no one answers, the
warden may place dog license information and literature in the residence's
mailbox, Krepps said.

"A dog has to have its license on it and its rabies tag on it at all times,"
Krepps said. "It's to protect the dog owner, the dog and the people of the
community."

Dog owners can purchase either annual or lifetime licenses for their pets, Bair
said, which requires them to be either micro-chipped or tattooed. But a
microchip or tattoo on a dog does not equate to a lifetime license, she said.

Photos: Luv My Pet vaccine clinic

Dog owners can obtain dogs licenses through their respective county's treasurer
office, or through various agents the counties authorize.

There are 17 agents in York County, Bair said. Adams County has seven agents,
Adamik said.

York County leads the state in sales of lifetime licenses, Bair said. York
County has sold about twice as many lifetime sales as usual in the last month,
she said.

Since micro-chipping dogs became popular over the last several years, Adamik
said, lifetime licenses have become more common.

York County allows for online license applications, Bair said. Adams County is
in the process of acquiring the technology to process online applications,
Adamik said.

The fee for a dog license is $6.45 for each spayed or neutered dog and $8.45 for
other dogs. Lifetime licenses cost $51.45 and $31.45 for spayed or neutered
dogs. Older adults and persons with disabilities may purchase a license for
$4.45 for spayed or neutered dogs and $6.45 for others.

York County sells about 60,000 dog licenses each year, Bair said. Adams County
sold around 10,500 dog licenses in 2013, Adamik said.

Counties can retain $1 for each license sold, Adamik said. The rest of the money
goes to the state's Department of Agriculture for enforcement and education
conducted by the department's Dog Law Enforcement Office, which is responsible
for ensuring the welfare of dogs and overseeing annual license and rabies
vaccination issues, Krepps said.

For more information about Pennsylvania's dog laws,
visit:www.licenseyourdogpa.com .

Dog licenses in York County can be purchased at the following York County
locations:

York County Treasurer's office

28 East Market St., Room 126

York, PA 17401

Phone: 717-771-9603

Email: blbair@yorkcountypa.gov



Hanover Walmart

495 Eisenhower Drive

Hanover, Pa 17331

717-632-8444



Animal Medic Inc.

3910 N. George Street Ext.

Manchester, PA 17345

Phone: 717-266-5611



Cape Horn Country

3100 Cape Horn Road

Red Lion, PA 17356

Phone: 717-246-3778

Email: info@capehorncountry.com

Website:www.capehorncountry.com



Dennis Emmel

315 Chestnut St.

Delta, PA 17314

Phone: 717-456-7358

Email: locksNspots@zoominternet.net



Diehl's Service Center

870 Delta Road

Red Lion, PA 17356

Phone: 717-244-4449



Diller Landscape, Feed & Tack

628 Sawmill Road

Mechanicsburg, PA 17055

Phone: 717-766-7779



East York Veterinary Center

1997 Industrial Highway

York, PA 17402

Phone: 717-840-1025

Email: wecare@eastyorkvet.com



Four Paws Pet Shop

530 Constitution Ave.

New Freedom, PA 17349

Phone: 717-235-8357



Hopewell Veterinary Svc.

2 Trouts Lane

Stewartstown, PA 17363

Phone: 717-993-2155

Email: info@hopewellvetsvc.com



Jocelyn's Puppies

10 Carlisle St.

Hanover, PA 17331

Phone: 717-632-0550

Email: jocelynspuppies@hotmail.com

Website:www.jocelynspuppiesandpetsupplies.com



Morgan's Paws Pet Center

305 Hill St.

York, PA 17403

Phone: 717-755-9544

Email: info@morganspaws.com



Pet's Best Friend

5771 Harmony Grove Road

Dover, PA 17315

Phone: 717-292-3552

Email: ptsbstfrnd@aol.com



Sloppy Kisses

2323 Carlisle Road

York, PA 17408

Phone: 717-632-0550



Spring Grove Animal Hospital

31 West Hanover St., Suite #3

Spring Grove, PA 17362

Phone: 717-739-8192

Email: assist@sgahinc.com



West York Agway

2650 West Market St.

York, PA 17404

Phone: 717-668-8258



York County SPCA

3159 Susquehanna Trail North

York, PA 17402

Phone: 717-764-6109



York Pet Supply

241 Pauline Drive

York, PA 17402

Phone: 717-741-1751



Dog licenses can be purchased at the following Adams County locations:

Adams County Treasurer's office

117 Baltimore St., Room 101

Gettysburg, PA 17325

Phone: 717-337-9833

Email: treasurer@adamscounty.us



East Berlin Pharmacy

335 W. King St.

East Berlin, PA 17316

Phone: 717-259-0421



Gettysburg Agway

107 N. Washington St.

Gettysburg, PA 17325

Phone: 717-334-1108



Adams County SPCA

11 Goldenville Road

Gettysburg, PA 17325

Phone: 717-334-8876



Ace Hardware

790 W. King St.

Littlestown, PA 17340

717-359-7038



Lockwood Business Services

118 W. Main Street

Fairfield, PA 17320

Phone: 717-642-9696



Lehman's Feed & Home Center

241 Old U.S. Route 15

York Springs, PA 17372

Phone: 717-528-4119



Redding's Hardware

279 S. Franklin St.

Gettysburg, PA 17325

Phone: 717-334-5211

Mark Walters covers Adams County for The Evening Sun. Contact him at
717-637-3736 ext. 147.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray, a six month-old Tibetan spaniel puppy owned by Mary Stuller of
Littlestown, is held by veterinarian technician Kimberlyna Sok while
veterinarian Bonnie Miller prepares to give Ray a vaccination shot on April 5,
2014 at Petco in Hanover .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

OK state officials raise questions about reassignment of master conservationist

BYLINE: Brian Brus

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 539  words


The executive director of the Oklahoma Conservation Commission and other state
officials are seeking the reversal of a U.S. Department of Agriculture decision
to move the federal department's state representative from his position.
Commission director Mike Thralls said at a recent federal agency cooperative
listening session in Enid that an "injustice" was committed with the
reassignment of master conservationist Darrel Dominick to Fort Worth, Texas.
Nearly two years ago, officials noted that technical assistance funds for the
implementation of conservation programs were being reduced even though it
appeared that congressional appropriations were on the rise.

Backed by U.S. Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Okla., the commission and the Association of
Conservation Districts demanded answers and correction. Lucas later authored an
amendment to the 2007 USDA appropriations bill to eliminate funding for the
office of the Undersecretary for Natural Resources and Environment, Mark Rey.
"The reward for Oklahoma's efforts has been a large influx of funding here at
the end of the fiscal year, yet it was also accompanied with the forced removal
of this master conservationist, Darrel Dominick," Thralls said. Dan Lowrance,
president of the state Association of Conservation Districts, was more direct:
"We find it to be more than a coincidence that Mr. Rey chose to reassign Mr.
Dominick to a position outside of Oklahoma," he said recently, calling the
reassignment "a political act of retribution. " Thralls and others have asked
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns to personally reconsider Dominick's
demotion. Terry Peach, Oklahoma's agriculture secretary, wrote a letter to
Johanns. "I asked that he review the procedure and that Darrel be reinstated and
treated fairly and equitably," Peach said. "I've worked with Darrel for three
and a half years. ... He's a person with extreme integrity and honest, and he's
built a great base of teamwork with all the conservation and agriculture
industry within the state. It has been indeed an honor for me to work with
Darrel to move the state of Oklahoma forward. " Leadership at the Oklahoma Farm
Bureau, the Oklahoma Association of Conservation Districts and the National
Grazinglands Coalition also have publicly supported Dominick's reinstatement.
Conservation Commission spokesman Mark Harrison said that Johanns has agreed to
review the situation. Dominick could not be reached for comment. Sources
confirmed that because of family ties in Oklahoma, he has chosen to leave the
department rather than move to the Fort Worth office. USDA Deputy Undersecretary
for Natural Resources and the Environment David Tenny told officials at the Enid
meeting that he could not comment directly about personnel issues. Thralls told
federal officials in Enid, "You tear it down and are guilty of preaching ...
when actions such as this are allowed to stand. If you wish to encourage
cooperative conservation, federal agencies must act with integrity. And when
injustices such as this one are made known, I would ask that you have the
courage to correct the wrong. Because in so doing, damaged relationships can be
restored and we can move on to the important conservation task that is before
us. "

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Journal-Register (Medina, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

Town goes for water funds

BYLINE: Jim Krencik, The Journal-Register, Medina, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


Feb. 22--RIDGEWAY -- The Ridgeway Town Board is ready to take advantage of a
boom in available grant funding for multiple water district projects.

According to Town Supervisor Brian Napoli, an influx in grant funds at the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development is providing the opportunity for
Ridgeway to go forward with applications for Water Districts 12 and 13.

"They've received three times the amount of grant money they usually have,"
Napoli said. "So they are actively pursuing applications."

The town board approved spending $7,200 to contract with Stuart I. Brown
Associates of Rochester for an initial grant application for the two districts
Tuesday.

Proposed Water District 12 covers portions of Angling, Bates and Ramshaw Roads;
proposed Water District 13 includes another section of Bates Road and East Scott
Road between Bates and Porter Roads.

Napoli said the proposed districts turn dead ends in the town's water service
into loops and hook up areas that didn't qualify for low-income housing grants.

The funding available from Rural Development is not American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act money, which Napoli said would have added constraints to the
projects.

Research for Water District 11, which covers an area along the Ridgeway-Yates
border, is continuing. Town Attorney Kathy Bogan said the next step for the town
to take is getting easement information to the town's engineers. Compiling the
information should take at least a month.

The town board also approved paying KVS Software of Williamsville $16,835 for
upgrades to the town's accounting and budgeting software. Napoli said the
upgrade, which allows multiple users to be on the network simultaneously, would
save town officials time, money and frustration.

"We can all work on the system at once," Napoli said.

The town's cost is reduced because the project is part of a larger deal made
between KVS Software and the town, the Town of Yates and the Village of
Lyndonville.

___ (c)2012 The Journal-Register (Medina, N.Y.) Visit The Journal-Register
(Medina, N.Y.) at www.journal-register.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120222-JR-Town-goes-for-water-funds-0222-20120222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JR


                      Copyright 2012 The Journal-Register


                              445 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      June 11, 1993, Friday, FINAL EDITION

MEDIA JUST A PROPAGANDA TOOL

SECTION: LETTER; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 289 words


The media today seems only to care about the style and image of our leaders, not
their policies.

We are in the middle of a provincial election campaign. The Tories are having a
leadership convention soon. A federal election looms on the horizon. Yet serious
issues are not addressed: Foreign control of our economy; Canada's colonial
status and mentality; the plundering of our natural resources by foreigners;
inter-provincial trade.

No one is asking, What is our agricultural policy? Our northern development
policy? Will the multiculturalism policy continue?

What is our immigration policy? Are the politicians too interested in the
immigrant vote? Why is the media so quiet in the face of a massive influx of new
people when there is more than 11 per cent unemployment with around 1.6 million
on welfare.

Where there is no vision the people perish. Where is the vision? There is none.
All we get is smiles, handshakes, image, style and personality. What about
policy? The media has become just a propaganda tool of the politicians and
others pushing a political agenda.

All year long Canadians make it a national pastime to complain about their
crooked politicians. They grumble, whine and howl. The media knives are sharp.
Yet when election time rolls around, all the people and media seem to care about
is style and the personality of the leader of the party.

Clever politicians like Ralph Klein recognize this obsession with image and
manipulate the media. He projects and nurtures the good old trustworthy folksy
Ralph image. Vote for Ralph and his team. It's the same with crafty Kim. Smiles,
wit, humor, kisses and friendly handshakes but very short on specific policy.

RAY WEGNER,

Calgary.



LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 August 5, 2003

Groups against hunting to target show

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 376 words


Anti-blood sport organisations have targeted this year's Dublin Horse Show in an
effort to dissuade groups from the UK moving their operations to Ireland when
live fox-hunting is banned there.

Animal welfare groups are expected to travel here to join Irish supporters for
the opening of the show tomorrow. The Lord Mayor of Dublin, Cllr Royston Brady,
will officially open the show.

He will travel from the Mansion House in the Lord Mayor's coach, arriving at the
Merrion Road entrance at approximately 11.50 a.m. tomorrow.

The opening ceremony will take place in the RDS National Crafts Exhibition in
the Industries Hall at noon.

The show has been criticised for featuring hunting dogs and the Hunt Chase,
which anti-bloodsports campaigners believe promotes fox-hunting here.

A new organisation called Farmers Against Foxhunting (FAF) has also expressed
concern about an influx of fox-hunters from Britain where a ban seems
inevitable.

The organisation said it was particularly concerned that a ban in England and
Wales would lead to a massive influx of British hunters into Ireland, increasing
pressure on farmers who have problems with trespass.

"As an alternative to hunting as a form of pest control, FAF points to the
simple expedient of shooting a fox that appears to threaten lambs or poultry.

"But it favours drag hunting, in which a piece of meat is dragged across a
predetermined route for the hounds to follow, as a viable and common sense
alternative to hunting as a sport in the country.

"It can satisfy the concerns of farmers by laying these false 'drag' scents in a
way that avoid 'non-hunting' lands," said a statement issued during the week.

The organisation, which has a small membership based in the south-east of the
country, distanced itself from militant animal welfare groups

"Though the aim of banning hunting coincides with that of animal welfare groups,
FAF has no connection with these groups and is driven by a different set of
priorities, namely the protection of farm livelihoods," said the statement.
Saturday willl see a display by the Island Foxhounds, the ebookers.ie Puissance
and Swatch Watches Hunt Chase first round, and the final will be held on Sunday,
the final day of the show.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              447 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

No kidding: Minnesota ag wants to promote goat meat

BYLINE: Kevin Featherly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 353  words


With an influx of immigrants partial to it, and more upscale restaurants
offering it as a specialty dish, the state is seeing an upsurge in interest in
goat meat.

In an effort to help people learn what's involved in producing goat meat, the
Minnesota Department of Agriculture, Minnesota Extension Service and Minnesota
Meat Goat Producers are holding a workshop on March 29.

The event is scheduled from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Town Hall, 8580 Main Ave.,
in Clear Lake, Minn. Registration is $10 per person or $20 per farm. Lunch is
included and cash or checks will be accepted at the door.

Kelly Anderson, an MDA livestock specialist who is helping to organize the
workshop, acknowledges that goat meat is not something you'll find in the
typical Minnesota grocery store.

But a population of new immigrants, particularly Somalis, is driving demand for
a food that was a staple in their home countries.

"It is carried more by specialty grocery stores, like ethnic grocery stores,"
she says. "It's real big with the Muslim population. "

In the past few years, Anderson says, she has fielded about a call a month from
someone interested in producing goat meat. There is already a healthy market for
Minnesota goat meat on the East and West coasts, she says, from people who
prefer to purchase meat raised domestically, rather than import it frozen from a
distant place like New Zealand.

Consequently, more producers want to raise the animals for meat, she says.

The workshop will be an opportunity for officials to talk about legal rules
guiding the raising and slaughter of the animals, she says. Just as importantly,
it will be a chance for would-be producers to speak with current goat herders
who have had success in the market.

A veterinarian will also cover kidding and other health topics unique to goats.

Those interested in attending are asked to register by March 20 by emailing
Anderson at kelly.anderson@state.mn.us or calling 320-808-4424. To learn more
about, visit www.mngoats.com.

http://www.legal-ledger.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday

Study says immigrant workers help wages;
NATIVE WORKFORCE FREED FOR HIGHER-PAYING JOBS

BYLINE: Jessie Mangaliman, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 604 words


The influx of immigrants to California raised the wages of some native-born
workers in the state, according to a report released Tuesday by the Public
Policy Institute of California that refutes common public perception and
previous studies on the subject.

The new report, which analyzes wage and employment data, finds that some
better-educated workers -- with at least a high school diploma -- saw wage
increases ranging from 3 to 7 percent between 1990 and 2004, a period when the
state experienced record influx of immigrants.

Rather than compete with native workers, immigrants ``complement'' some work
sectors -- agriculture and construction for example -- by helping native workers
who have the language and local networking skills to ascend to better-paying
supervisory and managerial jobs. The influx of cheap labor, the report said,
allows companies in some labor markets to expand jobs in management and
training.

``There are some types of tasks and jobs, that as immigrants come in, they
preferentially take because they're good at those, and that frees up native
workers for the better-paying jobs,'' said Giovanni Peri, who analyzed U.S.
Census wage and employment data.

The real losers among low-skilled workers in California, the report said, are
other immigrants who compete for those same low-end jobs, experiencing
significant wage declines. During the same period, foreign-born workers suffered
an average wage decline of 13 to 20 percent.

Written by Peri, an associate professor of economics at the University of
California-Davis, the report is the first to detail the effect of immigrants on
employment and wages of native Californians. Yet, he concedes, it's unlikely to
settle the contentious national debate among economists and policy-makers.

There are some who say immigrants take jobs from native workers and depress
wages. Others contend that in the long term, the negative effect on wages of a
small sector of low-skilled, low-educated workers is small to negligible.

In the Public Policy Institute of California study, Peri used data from 1960 to
2004 and estimated wage gains and losses in percentages. In the end, he refuted
a commonly held assumption that a growing immigrant labor force displaces native
workers.

For the past four decades, the number of California's foreign-born workers has
grown steadily. In 1960, fewer than one in 10 state workers were foreign-born.
In 2004, the latest data analyzed by Peri, one-third of California's workforce,
or about 5.4 million workers, was foreign-born.

Gordon Hanson, director of the Center on Pacific Economies at the University of
San Diego, who has conducted studies on immigration and the labor force, said he
disagrees with Peri's finding that ``immigrants are just hurting themselves.''

Citing a 2003 study by Harvard University economist George Borjas, Hanson said
it's well-established that immigration has hurt low-skilled native workers.

Outside California, in regions with growing immigrant populations, researchers
have documented the negative effect of the influx of immigrants on the native
labor force, said Steven Camarota, director of research for the Center for
Immigration Studies in Washington, D.C., a national group that advocates for
limits to legal immigration.

``The problem is California is not America,'' Camarota said. ``There are drywall
installers, taxi drivers, nannies, busboys, cooks and bakers in other parts of
the country. Natives do those jobs in those other places.''

``You can't gain much insight by looking at one location,'' Camarota said.

Contact Jessie Mangaliman at jmangaliman@mercury news.com or (408) 920-5794.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

              November 23, 2004 Tuesday All-round Country Edition

Locusts swarm the Holy Land

SOURCE: The Times

BYLINE: Ian MacKinnon

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 265 words


Jerusalem

A PLAGUE of locusts has swarmed into Israel from Egypt, threatening to devastate
fields of crops in the country's agricultural heartland.

Five crop-dusting planes and a helicopter are spraying the clouds of insects
that have settled around the southern Red Sea city of Eilat and devoured
everything in their relentless path.

An emergency war-room has been set up by the Israeli Agriculture Ministry to
track the locusts and exterminate them before they fly further north where --
unlike in the south, where many crops are raised in greenhouses -- fields of
ripening tomatoes, watermelons, potatoes and onions lie exposed.

A hotline between the agriculture ministries of Egypt, Israel and Jordan is
co-ordinating their actions against the worst swarms of locusts in 50 years.

The red insects crossed into Israel from the Egyptian Sinai desert last Friday,
settling on any vegetation they found.

The clouds were so dense they filled the skies. Eilat residents rushed to take
pictures before the locusts continued north.

"I was driving when suddenly swarms of locusts surrounded me -- I couldn't see
the road," said Robert Fisher, from the Negev town of Azuz. "It was an
extraordinary spectacle."

More swarms are expected to cross the border from Egypt and the Israeli Air
Force is monitoring the locusts' arrival. Agriculture Minister Yisrael Katz has
ordered all possible action to halt the insects' progress.

However the plague is not bad news for everyone. Some see the influx as a great
opportunity to spice up their cuisine, with crunchy deep-fried locusts.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2004 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: Thar coal: development for whom?

LENGTH: 1115  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 23 -- Shankar Menghwar, a farmer from Nagarparkar taluka of
Tharparkar district, may not be much aware of what happens when mega development
takes place in any area. Being a simple villager, he is just concerned over
occupation of lands by some influential people near his village in the lap of
Karoonjhar mountain.When he was informed about mega projects of coal and granite
mining, construction of Sindh coastal highway from Karachi to Nagarparkar,
linking Thar with national rail network and construction of airports and
expected influx of migrant labour from other parts of the country, he, for a
while remained silent and then wondered how such projects would benefit
him?Malook Bajeer, a cook in the district headquarters of Mithi, however, knows
what is going to happen.

"We have heard that Thar will be converted into Dubai after exploitation of
coal," he said.Tharparkar is home to about 1.5 million people, a majority of
whom are indigenous Menghwar, Kolhi and Bheel communities. They are asset-less
people mainly depending on rain-feed agriculture and livestock rearing. For
centuries, they have braved desert hardships of famine-like situation, recurring
droughts, hunger and epidemics. Though in a sizeable number, they are considered
doubly-disadvantaged communities first for being Hindu and then for being
Dalit.The desolate region of Thar had been opened to the rest of the country by
constructing roads during the government of Arbab Rahim Bux. Means of transport
have changed from khekhras (WWII military trucks) and camel caravans to
four-wheel vehicles. Now one can see boosters of mobile companies in Mithi,
Islamkot and Nagarparkar. The centuries-old barter system of trade is being
replaced with the cash transactions.Some years ago, no one had imagined
exploitation of Thar coal on a large scale and construction of power houses,
airports, highways and rail network. But this is going to happen."We welcome
economic diversification in this underdeveloped region because it will increase
employment opportunities, but it should not be carried out at the cost of local
communities," says Dr Sono Khangharani of Thardeep Rural Development
Programme.He said that opportunities must come, but there should be plans that
could protect the desert's peculiar eco-system, socio-economic ethos and the
people from being marginalised.Besides coal, Tharparkar is rich in minerals like
china clay estimated to be 3.6 million tons at 35 pockets spread over an area of
125 square kilometres, granite rock formations covering an area of about 40
square miles and more than 50 salt mines.The roots of alien distrust run deep
among Tharis. They still remember when the first influx of outsiders was
followed by the Indian withdrawal from Chachhro taluka in the early seventies.
Hindus of the area who followed the desert's particular code of life migrated to
India along with the retreating Indian army and Muslims from India settled in
villages evacuated by them. The new comers were unaware of local biodiversity
and they chopped down all trees on sandy ridges. This not only destroyed sources
of livelihood but also wildlife.The problem of poverty compounded when Thar's
population increased dramatically putting pressure on resources. The population
is increasing manifold even these days.Therefore, there are fears that any
haphazard development and the influx of migrant population would cause more land
degradation and desertification, destroying sensitive socio-economic fabric of
Thar.Zaffar Junejo of TRDP suggests that local people be trained for all types
of jobs in mega projects. For that purpose, he called for setting up vocational
training institutes in Mithi, Islamkot and Nagarparkar.More than that the
situation demands adequate consideration for environmental impact assessment for
exploiting coal, construction of Sindh coastal highway from Karachi to
Nagarparkar and rail network and unchecked influx of migrant labour.This
argument is only reinforced by the grim fact that any demographic influx in
Nagarparkar, Islamkot and Mithi towns and labour colonies in eight explored
blocks of Thar coal would put more pressure on Hindu minority community which
will also bear the major burden of displacement.The government should carefully
study the impact of the mega projects and consequences of any haphazard rush of
outsiders to the region.Under the Pakistan Environment Protection Agency, any
project costing over Rs50 million requires an environment impact assessment.
Without keeping in mind population-environment nexus, there would be negative
implications of development on the people of Thar.Dr Sono said "we have put in
place a master plan for Nagarparkar to turn the region into community-friendly
hub" for which " we are also lobbying with the government. "We've surveyed the
area and found that there is rich potential for tourism too," he added."The
people of Thar, if they are to be made the stakeholders, must be asked about
policies on development in their areas which would have impact on their lives,"
he said.Policy efforts should be strengthened, such as increasing
government-civil society cooperation to protect marginalised communities and
minorities, says Dr Sono.When asked about a ban on sale and purchase of land in
Thar, Dr Sono said every citizen could settle anywhere in the country, but there
should be legislation about it and local people be encouraged not to sell their
land.TRDP's master plan to promote tourism envisages preservation of exquisite
heritage sites, including 700-year-old Ghori temple of Jain religion,
500-year-old Bodisar mosque, teerath asthan (vedic pilgrimage place) of Hindus
in Sardharo in the Karoonjhar mountain, constructing of motels, guest houses,
museums etc."We have also planned the setting up of two cultural complexes in
Mithi and Nagarparkar to provide some market places for artisans," he said. The
Sindh government also plans building two rest houses for tourists, he informed.
There is need for social safety networks and setting up of organisations like
the Employees Old-Age Benefit Institute (EOBI) and the Workers' Welfare Fund to
forestall exploitation of simple Thari people."Thar's handicrafts could be
considered as one of the best in the country. Thari artisans' skills at shawl
preparing from silk, wool and cotton, goat and camel hair skin rugs,
hand-knitted carpets, embroidery of all kinds, blankets from sheep wool and
ralies could be displayed in these two cultural complexes," Dr Sono said.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Population estimate sets state record

BYLINE: NICK SMITH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A1; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 331 words


North Dakota's population hit a record 757,952 people, according to U.S. Census
Bureau's population estimates for 2016 that were released Tuesday. Numbers
indicated a continuing upward trend over the past several years.

The latest count was an increase from the 2015 estimate of 756,835 state
residents.

The rate of growth has stalled over the past year. A slowdown in the state's
energy and agricultural sectors is believed to have prompted the first reported
out-migration of residents since the late 2000s.

By comparison, the population increase from 2014 to 2015 was nearly 17,000.
Before that, the increase from 2013 to 2014 was nearly 16,000, while the 2012 to
2013 increase was estimated at about 22,000.

Kevin Iverson, manager of the North Dakota Census Office, said the last time the
state had an out-migration of people was 2007. Tuesday's numbers indicate the
change in population from July 1, 2015, to July 1 of this year.

"You saw a slowdown in the oil industry in the past year as well as the
agricultural industry," said Iverson, who estimated the state's out-migration at
4,684 people.

He said the natural growth rate in the state offset the out-migration, thus
leading to an overall increase in population. The natural growth rate is
calculated by taking the number of births and subtracting the number of deaths.

The state experienced an influx of young male workers without family or other
attachments filling jobs in the energy industry in the past several years, as
well as a significant influx of young couples, according to Iverson.

"I'm willing to bet when the opportunity dropped off, some didn't feel like
staying," Iverson said.

North Dakota began seeing an increase in population in 2004. Before that, the
population was slowly declining and stood at about 645,000.

Population data on metro areas and the county level will be released in March,
with city totals in May. Demographic information is typically released in June.

U.S. census data can be found at www.census.gov.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Foreigners in their own land

LENGTH: 457 words

DATELINE: PANJIM


PANJIM, Aug. 16 -- People migrate all over the world. This is a fact of history.
However, what is different in Goa today is that because of its small size and
population, the impact is much greater than it would be in most other states of
India. Even internationally, we can see that there are controls on migrants
simply because uncontrolled migration in a short span upsets a great many things
in the local area---its demographics, its language and sense of identity, not to
mention the burden on its resources by way of health care and displacement from
jobs for its own people. Even those who argue that western nations accept
migrants must appreciate that these countries have controlled measures in place
to integrate migrants with their local identity including, in some cases,
compulsory local language learning.

What is happening in Goa is the reverse. Because of uncontrolled migration, Goan
identity is integrating into the multiple identities of migrants. Our political
establishment lacks the will or is bankrupt of ideas to tackle this issue. Both
former and present governments have fallen short of even minimum expectations to
save Goa. The current government talks about promoting local agriculture,
Special Status and so on, but in reality is doing the very opposite: providing
generous encouragement to the real estate lobby, land conversions of green
areas, the destruction of fields, the setting up of even more hotels, and
promoting an unwanted new airport.

Migrants are undoubtedly required in certain areas but at a controlled level.
But what we see today is a large influx for the construction of mega housing
projects, or to take up jobs that rightfully belong to Goans. It is well known
that huge stacks of black money from outside Goa is fuelling the unwanted real
estate growth and with it, bringing in migrant workers and migrant settlers.

A lopsided industrial and economic policy and lack of controls are creating more
jobs for outsiders than for locals. Goans are increasingly being displaced and
being made into foreigners in their own land. Should we not take care of our own
people first?

Finally, Goan politicians are themselves more than happy to create migrant vote
banks to safeguard their own political interests. Documents such as ration cards
are freely distributed to such migrants. It seems it is much easier for them to
acquire these documents than it is for the true-blue, native Goan! It is only a
matter of time before Goans are outnumbered by this unabated influx. We have
indeed reached a sorry impasse.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            February 21, 2011 Monday
                                   1 Edition

Bonga lines up projects for Nawaeb

BYLINE: By FRANK RAI

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 345 words


Nawaeb district in Morobe province will experience an influx of impact health
and education projects in the coming months.

This was the assurance from the local MP and Minister for Forest Timothy Bonga
last Thursday at Musom village in the Nabak local level government (LLG) council
area during the official opening of a new aid post and a double classroom.

Mr Bonga announced a massive K4.3 million allocation to improve health and
education infrastructure in the district.

The funds, according to the minister has been committed by the Education
Department under its RESI program and the Health Department under its rural
health program respectively.

"Minister for Health Sasa Zibe has allocated K500, 000 for Nawaeb district's
rural health program and the Education Department under its RESI program, we
will receive K3.8 million this year for our education infrastructure," Mr Bonga
announced.

The Nawaeb MP said the allocations from the government will see an influx of
impact projects on health and education which will help restore the
deteriorating health and education services in the district.

Mr Bonga said both services had been deteriorating over the years but with such
assistance, the rural communities would have access to better health and
education facilities.

"Nawaeb district has set the record in delivering the district service
improvement program (DSIP) in the country. And we will continue to deliver with
funding from the government and the district," the Forest minister said.

He said that other government agencies such as the National Gaming and Control
Board (NGCB) had also allocated nearly K1 million on impact projects in Nawaeb
district since last year.

Mr Bonga said NGCB also delivered K22,000 for desks and furniture for the newly
built Gewan primary school double classroom, noting that the timely assistance
was in line with the district's continuous performances on service delivery.

He said health, education, law and justice, road infrastructure and agriculture
were on the priority list under the Nawaeb district five-year development plan.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Times Educational Supplement

                               September 29, 2006

New kids from the bloc

BYLINE: Fiona MacLeod

SECTION: FURTHER EDUCATION; Pg. 4 No. 2078

LENGTH: 542 words


Swathes of students from Eastern Europe are studying in Scottish colleges. It
gives a boost for the economy, but experts warn of overcrowding. Fiona MacLeod
reports

An influx of Eastern European students is boosting Scottish colleges and helping
redress Scotland's brain drain - but it comes with a warning that there is a
limit to the numbers with which the sector can cope.

Since their countries joined the European Union in 2004, the numbers of people
studying from Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia
and the Czech Republic has increased fivefold.

In 2003-04, there were around 83 people from the accession states in Scottish
FE. Last year, that rose to around 406. The greatest rises are in the number of
Polish and Czech students. Two years ago, there were just 22 Czechs and 50 Poles
- last year there were 68 Czechs and 190 Poles at college. Slovakian students
increased to 26 from 11 and new swathes are coming from Latvia and Lithuania.

Tom Kelly, chief executive of the Association of Scotland's Colleges, said:

"It is both a challenge and an opportunity. I don't think anyone foresaw how
many there would be or that those coming would be so keen to take up education.
It is not unknown for them to do a full shift at work and a full-time college
course as well."

ASC figures indicate that the colleges with the most Eastern European students
are Banff and Buchan in Fraserburgh, Dundee, Stevenson, Telford and Jewel and
Esk Valley.

Paul Sherrington, depute principal at Banff and Buchan College, said there are
178 overseas students at the college with around 54 from the accession states.
"Some come because they want to improve their English," he said.

"But a lot of migrant workers are working in fish processing or agriculture -
they are obviously motivated by jobs."

The influx has not come without complications, though, he said: "The biggest
change we've had is to provide a lot of additional suport. They come with a
different type of problem - they don't have the usual support network and it's
putting a strain on our resources."

At Dundee College, the number of ESOL students rose from 426 in 2004-05 to 591
this year. A spokesman for the college said: "We have been delighted with the
increase in numbers, particularly in Polish students. They seem to be able to
find work and come to college to improve their English. Some then go on to other
courses while they are here.

"We have found them to be hardworking and having a positive impact on the
community. Without a doubt, the face of Dundee has changed dramatically in
recent years - they have made it more cosmopolitan."

Dundee, like other colleges, welcomes the additional cash the extra students
bring in and says many are paying for courses themselves, because they have jobs
and expect to pay as they would in their own countries.

As EU citizens, they are entitled to apply for funding from the Student Awards
Agency for Scotland. A spokesman for the executive said that, if the numbers
stay around 400, it is unlikely to cause a financial strain.

He also stressed the figures fit in with the Fresh Talent initiative, which was
introduced by the executive two years ago to encourage people to come and live
in Scotland amid predictions of population decline.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 17, 2009 Saturday

State ag gets $11M for clean air efforts: Federal funds will help replace old
motors, shred limbs, control dust

BYLINE: The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Jan. 17--A nearly $11 million influx of federal money will help California
farmers and ranchers reduce air pollution.

The funding, announced Thursday, will cover part of the cost of efforts such as
replacing old diesel engines, controlling dust from roads and fields, and
shredding rather than burning limbs pruned in orchards.

"We all want the air to be clean enough so everyone can clearly see the full
splendor of California's landscapes," said Ed Burton, state conservationist for
the Natural Resources Conservation Service, in a news release.

The agency, part of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, provided the money under
the farm bill passed by Congress last year. The bill, which lays out five years
of farm and nutrition spending, has much more for California pollution control
efforts than in the past.

The San Joaquin Valley fails to meet the requirements of the federal Clean Air
Act, so the region has the most stringent air quality rules in the nation.
Farmers are expected to do their part to reduce pollution caused by farm
equipment and operations.

"Historically, there has been a serious lack of funding to assist agriculture
operators with meeting the tough regulations," said Rep. Dennis Cardoza,
D-Merced, in another news release. "We have unique challenges in preserving the
economic viability of our region's No. 1 industry, while working to improve the
air quality."

Cardoza and Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif., worked to include air quality grant
funding in the farm bill. California is getting $10,943,940, nearly a third of
the total nationwide in the first round.

The money will be distributed through the Environmental Quality Incentives
Program. It will be added to about $5 million already on hand for California air
projects.

Paul Wenger, a Modesto-area nut grower and first vice president of the
California Farm Bureau Federation, said the money is welcome but he would like
to see more funding for research on pollution-control methods.

He noted, for example, that shredding tree limbs can provide nutrients for the
orchard soil, but research is needed on increasing the decomposition rate.

To see more of The Modesto Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.modbee.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090117-MO-State-ag-gets-11M-for-clean-air-efforts-0117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2009 The Modesto Bee


                              456 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                Michigan Edition

Township studies saving farmland;
Chikaming faces steady pace of second-home development.

BYLINE: By KATE SHERIDAN, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 951 words


HARBERT -- When the state starts passing out matching grants to help communities
fund aggressive farmland preservation programs, Chikaming Township could be near
the head of the line this year.

As part of their ongoing zoning ordinance revamp effort, township planners have
agreed to pursue establishment of a new Agricultural Preservation District, if
input from local farmers shows support for the effort.

The township board last fall adopted a resolution pledging support for Berrien
County's "Purchase of Development Rights," or PDR, program, part of a countywide
farmland preservation effort. Township planners last month voted to ask the
board to also consider asking voters to approve a townshipwide millage to fund
the program.

Under Michigan law, Chikaming officials have until November 2006 to establish a
local program, submit applications for land to be preserved and ask for state
matching funds to support the effort.

"We're really in the preliminary stages of discussion on this," said Betsy
Bohac, township zoning administrator and land division official. "The first
thing we want to do is get our farmers and ag land property owners together and
see if there's interest in pursuing this. If farmers are interested in enrolling
their land, and it seems worthwhile, then we'll pursue the district.

"The millage is a separate issue, and with some other departments also looking
at millages, that's likely to be a challenge in Chikaming Township."

More than two years of virtually non-stop second-home development have kept
planners busy in this tiny Lake Michigan community of about 3,600 full-time
residents. Population in Chikaming now more than doubles during the summer.

Through a variety of creative land-use policies under review and revision in a
yearlong Zoning Ordinance overhaul, Chikaming's been seeking to balance the
massive influx of pricey new developments with the needs and desires of its
longtime, full-time residents.

Several grass-roots and official efforts are also under way to help protect and
preserve acres of the township's Lake Michigan wetlands, Galien River watershed,
sand dunes and other unique natural features that act as a magnet to part-time
residents and have fed a development frenzy.

Among the changes likely to take effect in the first half of the new year are a
new Open Space Development ordinance, tougher approaches to development site
plan reviews, and more restrictive rules on some home heights and sizes on
smaller lots, Bohac said.

Bohac, who is herself a transplanted Chicago-area resident, said township
planners welcome the new development, but seek to manage the process so that the
entire township reaps its benefits.

"It's no secret that in Chikaming Township, we're looking for full-time
residents," she said recently. "We love our vacationers and our
second-homeowners, and we hope they'll eventually decide to stay with us full
time.

"So it's to everyone's benefit to work to retain the open spaces and natural
beauty and rural character of our community, since that character is what
attracted us all to Chikaming in the first place."

The new agricultural land preservation district would be designed to help
protect local farmers from being crowded out by wave after wave of residential
and commercial development, some of which is encroaching on established
farmlands. Berrien County has been tagged by the state agriculture department as
one of 17 counties most likely to see its miles of rich rural countryside
swallowed by miles of residential and commercial development.

According to the state agriculture department, agricultural land values in
Michigan can run 10 to 20 times less than land divided and sold for commercial,
residential and industrial development.

The question of supporting an agricultural land preservation program with a
local millage is a separate issue, Bohac said. The new PDR millage money would
create a local fund to help the township to buy development rights to prime,
endangered farmland.

After a year of negotiations among farmers, developers and county officials, a
Berrien County task force approved PDR participation last year. But the new
county ordinance failed to include a funding mechanism to finance development
rights' purchases.

In order to access grants from the state's Agricultural Preservation Fund, local
communities need to provide matching funds to help buy development rights to a
qualifying farmer's property. The landowners themselves could provide the
matching funds by agreeing to take a lower-than-appraisal price for each
developable acre of farmland.

Under the state law's competitive grant-scoring element, communities with
established Agricultural Preservation Districts also receive preferential
treatment when seeking grant money from the state's Agricultural Preservation
Fund.

The law allows an enrolled PDR farmer to retain land ownership, but not to erect
any non-farm structures, make any non-farm improvements or access water, sewer
or other utilities while the property is enrolled in the PDR program.

If the enrolled property is sold or its title transferred through inheritance,
the PDR designation remains with the land and binds the new owner to the
restricted use.

In exchange for relinquishing the right to sell his land to developers, the
landowner receives preferential tax treatment and tax credits that equal the
difference between the land's undeveloped and developed values.

The Agricultural Preservation ordinance being proposed in Chikaming is different
from the township's proposed new Open Space Development Ordinance, Bohac said.
State PDR funds are restricted to active and productive farmland, and can't be
used to preserve wetlands, woodlands or passive open spaces.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Berrien County communities like Three Oaks, Harbert and Sawyer are
finding that developers are attracted to their inland open farmlands as much as
to the prime lakefront and riverfront properties. Some properties such as this
one near the Chikaming-Three Oaks border offer woods, streams and pastureland --
all highly desired by the influx of second-homeowners and part-time residents.
Tribune File Photo/KATE SHERIDAN    Land use meetings  A public hearing on the
Open Space Development Ordinance and Planned Unit Developments is set for 7 p.m.
today.   The township's Kalamazoo-based planning consultant firm, McKenna
Associates, will be in town to provide an update on other land-use changes at 7
p.m. Jan. 18.   Both meetings will be held at the township's Public Safety
Building on Red Arrow Highway.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                              June 14, 2010 Monday

Russia Promises More Investment

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: Harare


Zimbabwe could soon see an influx of Russian companies coming to invest in the
mining, agriculture and infrastructure development sectors, Moscow's Ambassador
to Harare Mr Sergey Kryukov has said.

In a statement to mark national day of the Russian Federation last week,
Ambassador Kryukov said he was working hard to bring investors to Zimbabwe.

"As Russian Ambassador, I firmly believe and I am permanently working for it.
The day will come when the Russian private investors will be duly present in the
Zimbabwean market to implement mutually-beneficial projects in mining,
agriculture, infrastructure and many other spheres," he said.

Ambassador Kryukov, however, said Russian overseas investment had been affected
by the global economic and financial crisis. On debts owed to Russia by some
African countries, he said: "By now our country has written off the African
debts for US$20 billion. Negotiations are underway with Benin, Zambia,
Madagascar, Mozambique, Tanzania, and Ethiopia about writing off their debts for
US$547 million.

"Zimbabwe is not among the beneficiaries of these efforts for a very simple
reason -- it does not have any debts towards Russia."

Russia celebrates its national day on June 12. Before 2002, the 12th of June was
the Day of the Adoption of the Declaration on State Sovereignty of Russia.
Zimbabwe and Russia's ties go back to the days of the Second Chimurenga when
Moscow trained liberation war fighters in addition to extending financial and
moral support to the country's Independence.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday
                             North Pinellas Edition

FLORIDA CREATING STANDARDS FOR HONEY

SECTION: TASTE; THE DISH; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 581 words


Sweet! Florida consumers can be assured the honey they're buying isn't
watered-down or tainted with pesticides under new state standards that took
effect July 14. Florida is the first state to regulate honey, prohibiting
additives and chemicals as well as requiring specific sugar levels.

The standard instituted by the Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer
Services also includes label definitions for terms like "comb honey." Producers,
processors and retailers could face fines of up to $500 per violation for
manufacturing or selling non-compliant products.

Beekeepers nationwide, alarmed at an influx of honey from foreign countries,
several years ago began pushing the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to
regulate honey. But so far, no standards exist.

* * *

Tampa Wild Oats now totally Whole Foods

Tampa's Whole Foods Market will hold a grand reopening of its Tampa store on
Saturday. The former Wild Oats (1548 N Dale Mabry Highway; (813) 874-9435) now
has an expanded cafe, more prepared foods, an expanded meat department with 30
types of in-house, hand-made sausages, kebabs and gourmet burgers, and a
full-service coffee and espresso bar.

Free continental breakfast will be available in the parking lot at 8 a.m. Grand
reopening activities will continue throughout the weekend and following week
with special free product samples and cooking demonstrations. Details will be
available in the store and at www.wholefoodsmarket.com/stores/tampa.

* * *

The Vine opens in Lutz

A wine bar/restaurant with a conscience, the Vine, has opened in the Van
Dyke/Dale Mabry area at the site of the former Uncle Burly's barbecue.

All meats and fish are hormone- and antibiotics-free and naturally raised. Most
of the produce is organic. On the menu are 15 tapas, 42 wines by the glass and
250 by the bottle. But what has us amped is Meyer Natural Angus beef, Vande Rose
Farms Duroc pork, American Cedar Springs lamb, among other offerings. The Vine
is at 17667 N Dale Mabry Highway, Lutz; (813) 964-8463.

* * *

They want you to come for dinner

- Chili's Grill & Bar is taking a rival chain's deal a step further with a new
promotion offering a three-course meal for two for $20. Like Applebee's Grill &
Bar's popular 2 for $20 deal, Chili's promotion includes a shared appetizer and
two entrees, but adds a shared dessert.

- P.F. Chang's China Bistro has just launched its first kids' menu across 190
restaurants. Starting immediately, Chang's will offer the following
child-friendly entrees: Kid's Chicken, Kid's Lo Mein, Kid's Chicken Fried Rice
and Baby Buddha's Feast, along with a variety of games and puzzles to keep kids
entertained throughout their family dining experience.

* * *

Tell Alton how much you love him

Are you a huge fan of Good Eats? If so, the Food Network wants to hear from you.
The most creative among you will get to meet host Alton Brown and be part of the
Good Eats 10th anniversary special shooting Aug. 29.

To enter, upload a photo or one-minute video that expresses how much you love
Good Eats. Do you look like Alton? Share a picture. Want to do a tribute to the
science-meets-cooking show? Show them what you've got.

The Food Network will choose six contestants to join Brown in Atlanta for the
anniversary taping.

Tickets are also available through Ticketmaster, though you won't get the
up-close-and-personal treatmet. Check out FoodNetwork.com for more info:
www.foodnetwork.com/happy-anniversary-good-eats/package/index.html.

Compiled from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press (2003) PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                      June 16, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Pork-barrel moves

BYLINE: DON KENNY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A14


The federal government proclaims that the cuts occurring in federal spending in
the Ottawa area are the result of budgetary reduction. However, it is becoming
very clear that in the case of Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC)
expenditures at the Central Experimental Farm and the Animal Research Institute,
the true reason is plain old pork-barrel politics and favoritism.

One example is the decision to terminate hog research near Ottawa and transfer
the research to Lennoxville, Que. Millions of dollars will need to be spent to
construct new facilities in Quebec while excellent, relatively new facilities,
will sit idle, or be torn down, in Eastern Ontario.

The scale of hog production is about the same in Ontario and Quebec, making
Ottawa the ideal research location. The shift to Lennoxville is about politics .

Example No. 2 is the transfer of at least 42 crop research positions from the
Central Experimental Farm to Saskatchewan, mostly Saskatoon. New construction
will be needed to accommodate the influx.

The result will be new construction jobs and increased research support for
farmers in the agriculture minister's home province, and less support for
farmers in Ontario.

As a result of transfers such as this, the total number of AAFC-funded research
positions will actually increase by at least six per cent in Saskatchewan --
even as AAFC staffing for research is cut by 28 per cent nationally, and by 63
per cent in Eastern Ontario.

Don Kenny, Stittsville



LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1995

LENGTH: 251 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Clampdown planned on fruit dealers

LENGTH: 403  words


The government has vowed to exercise all related laws to regulate fruit trading
in a bid to stop foreign importers from infringing on protected local fruits and
vegetables.

Deputy Commerce Minister Suvit Maesincee said Thailand would take into account
all related laws and regulations governing fruit and vegetable trading -- such
as the Foreign Business Act, the Price of Goods and Services Act and agriculture
-related acts -- to prevent traders with unknown backgrounds and sources from
contacting fruit farmers directly and handling their own business instead of
going through Thai brokers.

In a move to tackle the influx of foreign traders, mainly from China, who talk
directly to farmers at Thai orchards and export directly to China, the Commerce
Ministry yesterday launched the "Chanthaburi model".

Under the scheme, Chinese traders who want to buy fruit directly from farmers in
Chanthaburi province are required to register with the Agriculture Department.
The produce they buy must pass good agricultural practice (GAP) standards.

The purchase contract also must be conducted in a manner fair to Thai farmers.

Operators have complained in recent years about Chinese traders entering
Thailand to operate fruit wholesaling businesses in provinces such as
Chanthaburi and Chiang Mai, which produce durian, longan and other fruits.

Although entry by Chinese traders creates more competition among middlemen and
brokers, ultimately benefiting farmers, authorities fear that in the long term
the practice could hurt Thai farmers and small businesses if Chinese traders
corner the market.

Pongpun Gearaviriyapun, director-general of the Business Development Department,
said previous inspections revealed Chinese traders buying directly from Thai
farmers solely for export purposes.

In this case, he said, those Chinese traders are legally eligible to do so and
are not in breach of the Foreign Business Act.

But to buy and sell in the domestic market, they must first seek approval from
the Commerce Ministry, as the practice is regarded as retailing and wholesaling
in the annexes of List 3.

List 3 is a group of businesses in which Thais are deemed unready to compete
with foreigners.

Foreigners seeking to engage in List 3 activities are required to apply for and
obtain a foreign business licence before starting operations.

Thailand shipped 12.6 billion baht worth of fruit to China in 2014, up from 4.42
billion in 2007.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Austria attracts twice as many Romanians, Bulgarians

LENGTH: 533 words


Text of report by Austrian newspaper Kurier on 3 February

[Report by Anita Staudacher: "Considerably More Romanians Than Expected"]

The forecasts were fairly wide of the mark. Austria's free labour market access
would attract 5,500 additional workers from Romania and Bulgaria in 2014,
according to estimates made by the experts at the Vienna Institute for Economic
Studies (WIIW) and Institute for Advanced Studies (IHS) in a study commissioned
by the Ministry of Social Affairs.

Twice as many came. The number of Romanians and Bulgarians in paid employment
has increased year on year by 11,000 or 38 per cent to nearly 40,000, according
to the latest data from the Main Association of Austrian Social Security
Organizations. Thus, the number exceeds those of Poles in Austria's labour
market, but also Czechs and Slovaks. Last year, 8,500 additional workers came
from Romania alone. This figure does not include the roughly 20,000 independent
nurses employed in private nursing homes for 24-hour care.

IHS labour market expert Helmut Hofer openly admits to underestimating the
influx. "Although the number remains easily feasible, with hindsight the
forecast of 5,550 was a little too low." The institute had not expected such a
sharp increase given Austria's poor economic outlook. However, illegal
employment was clearly also rife and the free labour market access allowed this
situation to be rectified legally. This meant it was at least possible to
suspect a rising employment rate, said Hofer. Meanwhile, Germany's predictions
for the influx of Romanian workers (125,000) were relatively accurate.

Young and Educated

The new workers from Romania and Bulgaria are mostly young and well qualified,
but often only find jobs in Austria that are below their level of qualification.
The WIIW/IHS study shows that 70 per cent of the workers are aged between 15 and
44, which is younger on average than the immigrants from the rest of the new EU
member states. The highest proportion of Romanians is employed in the
manufacturing sector, followed by tourism, temporary work, construction, and
agriculture (harvesters). An interesting detail: the IT sector recorded the
highest percentage increase in the employment of foreigners (12 per cent);
overall, the increase was 5.7 per cent.

Cross-country comparison reveals a slump in the number of Hungarian workers
(most of them daily commuters), which is lower than in previous years. "The
potential has slowly been exhausted," says Hofer. Hungary's improving economy
could also be a reason for this decline. Last year, 98 per cent of labour
migration came from an EU country, with 80 per cent from the new EU member
states.

Displacement Effect

The unemployment rate among Romanians and Bulgarians is 12.4 per cent - slightly
above the average rate among foreigners, but only a slight year on year
increase. Unemployment is disproportionately high among Turkish, Serbian, and
Croatian nationals, while Germany and Hungary are even below the Austrian rate.
Experts have also noted a certain displacement effect among foreigners: younger,
well-qualified immigrants are replacing their older, low-skilled predecessors.

Source: Kurier, Vienna, in German 3 Feb 15 p 8

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Woman's Era

                                 June 16, 2016

Editorial: Women a Minority in Europe

LENGTH: 221  words


Population of women is declining in some European countries. Recently released
survey by Eurostat alludes to a slightly skewed sex ratio. This is strange as
women in European countries enjoy equal rights and status and evils like
sex-based discrimination, foeticides and female infanticides are unheard of,
unlike India where the government has to run a special campaign to save the girl
child.



Europe has tasted the fruit of all-round development in every field. It has very
balanced rural and urban economies and both industrial and agricultural
labourers face no disparity in income and living standards. Of late, the
continent is facing a severe problem of migrant influx from war-torn Middle East
and African countries leading to an altered male-female ratio.

Influx of migrants is creating other law and order problems also. While the
humanitarian needs of the refugees streaming into Europe must be a priority
policymakers are thinking of the long-term consequences of an unprecedented
alteration in the young adult sex ratios of their societies.

Anthropologist Barbara Miller persuasively argues, a normal sex ratio is a
public good and therefore deserves state protection. For European countries, to
wind up with the worst young adult sex ratios would be a tragedy both for men
and women alike.

write to: editor@womansera.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


             Copyright 2016 Delhi Press, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            National Herald Tribune

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Ignoring agriculture

BYLINE: HASHIM ABRO - ISLAMABAD

LENGTH: 114  words


Agricultural experts from Z A Bhutto Agricultural College, Dokri, Larkana, worry
that Sindh's soil problems are heading towards a crisis. The future seems dire
because producing more food, for a bludgeoning population, coupled with many
other problems seems difficult. At the moment the influx of illegal aliens,
combating terrorism are the biggest challenges for the province, but no one
cares about the future.

There is no planning for the coming years in a province where uneducated,
visionless, mindless people are appointed as ministers for agriculture,
livestock, fisheries and dairy development. How can we hope for a better
tomorrow when our today is so filled with selfishness?

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              March 8, 2015 Sunday

Ignoring agriculture

BYLINE: HASHIM ABRO - Islamabad

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 7

LENGTH: 114  words


Agricultural experts from Z A Bhutto Agricultural College, Dokri, Larkana, worry
that Sindhs soil problems are heading towards a crisis. The future seems dire
because producing more food, for a bludgeoning population, coupled with many
other problems seems difficult. At the moment the influx of illegal aliens,
combating terrorism are the biggest challenges for the province, but no one
cares about the future. There is no planning for the coming years in a province
where uneducated, visionless, mindless people are appointed as ministers for
agriculture, livestock, fisheries and dairy development. How can we hope for a
better tomorrow when our today is so filled with selfishness?

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Management of Water Resources Programme

LENGTH: 405  words


Context: With less than 150 cubic metres of water available per capita each
year, Jordan ranks among the world~s most water-poor countries. This situation
is exacerbated by the impacts of climate change. Water resources are currently
so overexploited that sustainable supply to the population, industry and
agriculture is under serious threat. Strong population growth and an influx of
refugees from neighbouring conflict areas are causing an increasingly difficult
situation. If the nature and level of water consumption do not change
drastically, the consequences for people and the environment will be impossible
to predict.


Objective:  The programme aims to promote the sustainable and efficient use of
available water resources and a fair resolution of interests between households,
industry and agriculture.
Approach: The project provides strategic, specialist and technical support for
Jordan~s water institutions, thereby making a key contribution towards more
efficient water resources management.
The programme is also supporting Jordan~s water utilities as they reduce water
losses, compile complete customer and consumption data, take actions to cover
costs, train skilled workers and managers and create more efficient
organisational structures and processes.
The project works directly with water users, especially farmers. One key
objective is to reduce illegal groundwater extraction. Farmers receive
assistance so that they can use more treated wastewater and deploy more
efficient irrigation techniques.
The Water Wise Woman Initiative aims to establish a nationwide network of female
water experts. The initiative trains and certifies female plumbers so that they
can perform repairs in homes and conduct educational work in communities.
GIZ is implementing this programme in partnership with KfW Development Bank, the
German Federal Institute for Geosciences and Natural Resources (BGR) and the
Centre for International Migration and Development (CIM). Several German
companies are involved through development partnerships with the private sector.

Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : JORDAN MINISTRY OF WATER AND IRRIGATION

Address : P.O.Box

2412-11181-Amman Or  5012 -11181 Amman

Country :Jordan
Email : admin@mwi.gov.jo

Financier : Deutsche Gesellschaft für Technische Zusammenarbeit (GTZ) GmbH,

Financier address : Friedrich-Ebert-Allee 40
53113 Bonn, Germany
Phone: +49 228 44 60-0

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

N.D. population sets record

BYLINE: NICK SMITH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 348 words


North Dakota's population hit a record 757,952 people, according to U.S. Census
Bureau's population estimates released Tuesday for 2016. Numbers indicated a
continuing upward trend over the past several years.

The latest count was an increase from the 2015 estimate of 756,835 state
residents.

The rate of growth has stalled over the past year. A slowdown in the state's
energy and agricultural sectors is believed to have prompted the first reported
out-migration of residents since the late 2000s.

By comparison, the population increase from 2014 to 2015 was nearly 17,000.
Before that, the increase from 2013 to 2014 was nearly 16,000, while the 2012 to
2013 increase was estimated at about 22,000.

Kevin Iverson, manager of the North Dakota Census Office, said the last time the
state had an out-migration of people was 2007. Tuesday's numbers indicate the
change in population from July 1, 2015, to July 1 of this year.

"You saw a slowdown in the oil industry in the past year as well as the
agricultural industry," said Iverson, who estimated the state's out-migration at
4,684 people.

He said the natural growth rate in the state offset the out-migration, thus
leading to an overall increase in population. The natural growth rate is
calculated by taking the number of births in the state and subtracting the
number of deaths.

The state experienced an influx of young male workers without family or other
attachments filling jobs in the energy industry in the past several years as
well as a significant influx of young couples, according to Iverson.

"I'm willing to bet when the opportunity dropped off, some didn't feel like
staying," Iverson said.

North Dakota began seeing an increase in population in 2004. Before that, the
population was slowly declining and stood at about 645,000.

In March, population data on metro areas and the county level will be released,
with city totals coming out in May. Demographic information is typically
released in June.

U.S. census data can be found at www.census.gov.

(Reach Nick Smith at 701-250-8255 or 701-223-8482 or at
nick.smith@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday

Region bearing the brunt of immigration

BYLINE:  Matt Chorley  London Editor

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 587 words


Overcrowding in the South West will increase faster than anywhere outside London
as the region bears the brunt of foreign immigration and the influx of retiring
city dwellers.

Population density in the region is set to rise by 16 per cent by 2029 with an
extra 34 people per square kilometre.

If realised, the region will have become a third more crowded since 1987, when
there were just 193 people per square kilometre. By 2029, it is predicted to hit
250 people.

The official projections reveal the sharpest increase outside the capital and
will heap further pressure on the South West's creaking transport system and
growing demand for housing.

According to the Office of National Statistics, England is set to become the
most crowded country in Europe with the national population expected to grow by
a third over the next 50 years.

There are currently some 50 million people in England, but by 2056, this could
hit 68 million - 1,349 for every square mile.

Last night,  the Conservatives, who obtained the figures in Parliament, claimed
they were another sign of Labour's failing immigration policy and again called
for tariffs on migration.

Damian Green, the shadow immigration minister, told the WMN: "These figures
demonstrate the real pressures the housing and public sector infrastructure will
come under in the South West as a result of Labour's immigration policy.

"This is why the Government should adopt our policy of setting a limit on
immigration which takes into account its impact on public services as well as
the economy and social cohesion."

The thorny issue of rising levels of immigration has posed a particular problem
for business leaders and politicians in the South West where the extra labour
has been vital for the agriculture, hospitality and construction trades but they
have also increased pressure on services.

Tim Jones, chairman of Devon and Cornwall Business Council, said it was "one of
the great conundrums we have been juggling".

Despite a net decrease in the "indigenous population" in the Westcountry, the
influx of Britons from other parts of the UK seeking a lifestyle change, coupled
with rising numbers of foreign workers, had taken its toll, he added.

The danger of more people retiring early to the region was that there was a new
generation aged 45-plus who were no longer "economically active".

But the army of foreign workers had been "absolutely essential" for the survival
of many businesses, said Mr Jones.

"We couldn't have done most of the construction jobs we needed, or filled jobs
in the quality end of the hospitality market in hotels and restaurant."

But after a recent report revealed many immigrants, particularly from eastern
Europe, were now returning home, the pressure was on the education system to
plug skills shortages, he said.

Aside from London and the South West, the East of England is also predicted to
see a 16 per cent rise compared to the North East, which is expected to remain
static.

Population density in England is already almost double that of Germany and
quadruple the level in France.

In January, it was predicted England would become the most crowded major country
in Europe in two years' time, overtaking Holland. England would be second only
to the tiny island of Malta in terms of population density.

A Home Office spokesman said: "These projections show what might happen unless
we take action now. Frankly, it underlines the need for the swift and sweeping
changes we are bringing to the immigration system, e.g. an Australian-style
points-based system."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Western Morning News (Plymouth)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                               September 12, 2014

Duty Increase on Imports Ill-Advised

BYLINE: Kudzai Kuwaza

LENGTH: 669 words


Increased duty on finished products announced by Finance minister Patrick
Chinamasa in his mid-term fiscal policy review statement yesterday will not have
the intended effect of protecting local industry but will further burden the
consumer, analysts have said.

The adoption of multi-currencies in 2009 saw an influx of cheap imported
products as industry grapples with a myriad of challenges such as outdated
equipment, unreliable and expensive electricity, lack of long term funding to
sustain operations and low capacity utilisation which plunged from 57,2% in 2011
to 39,6% last year.

Chinamasa said the import of finished products such as cooking oil and dairy
products was detrimental to local industry and unnecessarily increased the
country's import bill which accumulated to US$3 billion in the first six months
of 2014.

"The bulk of the imports are finished products, most of which are already
produced locally," Chinamasa said. "These include cooking oil, poultry, soap,
maize meal, flour, beverages, dairy produce, furniture, sugar, fresh and canned
fruits and vegetables, among others. The influx of imports, thus, continues to
undermine growth of the agricultural sector and recovery of the local industry."

Chinamasa increased duty on various finished products including meat and dairy
products, beverages, vegetables, soap and furniture with effect from the October
1 2014.

He also removed foodstuffs, beverages and washing preparations from the duty
free facility also effective from October 1 2014.

Chinamasa also increased duty on motor vehicles to complement efforts by the
local motor industry which he said "are currently operating at below 1% of
installed capacity."

"These industries have, however, either closed or are operating at very low
capacity due to low demand for goods and services from local motor vehicle
assembly plants," Chinamasa said.

However, tax expert Tendai Mavima said that while the increase of duty on
finished products would raise government revenues, it will not be adequate to
protect local industry.

"If the purpose is to raise revenue for government then it will be successful
but if they want to promote local production, they have to introduce incentives
for local industry," Mavima said.

He said Chinamasa should have put in place measures such as tax incentives and
suspension of duty on the importation of vital machinery used by industry in
producing local goods.

Mavima said increasing duty on finished goods would have the adverse effect of
increasing the price of goods, further eroding the disposable income of
consumers.

He added that the minister should have looked at other variables that make the
local industry uncompetitive such as the high cost of labour and electricity.
The high utility costs will make it impossible for local industry to sell their
products at competitive prices, Mavima said.

"If government subsidises utility costs for local industry, it will benefit
them," he pointed out.

Economist John Robertson said Chinamasa's move to increase duty on finished
products was "ill-conceived".

"Before you think about protecting local industry, you first have to restore
local production," Robertson said.

He said there was need to improve the supply of local raw materials on farms
such as soyabeans, adding this could only be done by dealing with the
consequences of the chaotic land reform.

"They are attending to the symptoms of the problem when we ruined local
production through policies like the chaotic land reform programme," Robertson
said.

MDC-T shadow industry minister Tapiwa Mashakada said imposing punitive duties on
imported products would only work in a normal environment where industry was
operating properly.

He said increasing duty on imported products when local industry was struggling
could create a black market as local producers are struggling due to the high
cost structure of utilities which are uncompetitive.

The former economic development minister said Chinamasa had prescribed "textbook
solutions" which he said would not work.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             August 11, 2008 Monday

Reply Letters and emails: Denial lies at the heart of climate change policy

BYLINE: David Flint

SECTION: GUARDIAN LEADER PAGES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 140 words


* A 4C rise would make parts of Africa and South America uninhabitable. It would
cause populations to move away from the equator on an unprecedented scale. Such
changes will lead to starvation and disease on a huge scale - and wars. These
horrors will have profound implications for international development and trade
and foreign policy.

Many refugees will seek the least affected, temperate, latitudes. Western
Europe, Turkey, Russia, Chile, Argentina and India will all face major influxes
of desperate people. This challenge will demand new approaches to foreign policy
and international institutions.

A four-degree rise would cut world food production substantially, leading to
higher food prices and malnutrition. New policies on agriculture and trade will
be needed. Truly, a four degree rise will transform the world.

David Flint

London

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Let them volunteer

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 686 words


Since its creation, the IDF as a people's army has been much more than just a
military force. In addition to defending the Jewish state from its many enemies,
the IDF has engaged in a wide range of non-military activities such as
education, agriculture and public service.

The vast majority of the military's work has focused on work with Israelis. In
recent years, however, in the wake of an influx of tens of thousands of mostly
African asylum-seekers who entered Israel via the Sinai Peninsula, several IDF
units began volunteering to work with the children of these migrants, many of
whom are situated in south Tel Aviv.

About a year ago, for instance, the elite General Staff Reconnaissance Unit
(Sayeret Matkal) volunteered for a day at the Bialik-Rogozin School in the Neveh
Sha'anan neighborhood, many of whose students are children of asylum-seekers.
Members of the Educational Corps, who are required to do community service as
part of their training, also perform volunteer work with the youngsters as do
soldiers from intelligence units.

These IDF volunteers tutored students preparing for Psychometric college
entrance exams and helped them integrate into society. Many of the children have
PTSD. Parents are busy or are otherwise unequipped to bring up the children in
Israeli society.

Much of volunteering focuses on alleviating the plight of very young children
who are placed in overcrowded childcare arrangements known as "baby warehouses."
Generally the soldiers take the kids out to the park for some fresh air.

Last year, the IDF weekly Bamachane published a story about the volunteer work.
The piece reflected top brass's pride in the program.

And there was much to be proud of.

Soldiers who volunteer help counter fear of Israelis in uniform among migrant
youth.

The Jewish residents of south Tel Aviv are less than enthusiastic by the IDF's
involvement, however. They have been the most directly affected by the influx of
asylum-seekers into Israel. Crime rates in south Tel Aviv have risen and many
Israelis feel threatened.

May Golan, a south Tel Aviv resident and founder of Hebrew City, an organization
that seeks to remove asylum-seekers from Israel, said she felt betrayed by the
IDF. The volunteers working with migrant children are "cooperating with
left-radical organizations and giving their stamp of approval that the
asylum-seekers can stay," she claims.

Out of empathy for south Tel Aviv's Israeli residents, Defense Minister Avigdor
Liberman two weeks ago ordered IDF Chief of Staff Lt.-Gen. Gadi Eisenkot to halt
all IDF volunteer work with the children of asylum-seekers.

"If the soldiers have spare time, they should help Holocaust survivors or needy
Israelis," Liberman said according to Yediot Aharonot.

Like Liberman, we empathize with the plight of south Tel Aviv's residents. They
feel threatened by the migrants. A neighborhood that was already impoverished
and in need of state aid has over the past six years been overwhelmed by
desperate foreigners seeking employment and shelter. No other place in Israel
has been forced to deal with so many asylum-seekers. More needs to be done to
help all residents of south Tel Aviv and make them feel safe, and we applaud
more efforts to crack down on any lawlessness by the migrants.

But that does not mean that the volunteer work carried out by soldiers with
asylum-seekers must stop. The Knesset has passed legislation prohibiting
asylum-seekers from working. This has stopped the infiltration of African
asylum-seekers into Israel by taking away the incentive to come here. But we
have a moral obligation to care for those who have already arrived.

One of the reasons for the establishment of the State of Israel was to serve as
a refuge for Jews from anti-Semitic violence. And that remains true to this day.
As Jews, however, we must not lose sight of the plight of other people as well.

The children of asylum-seekers are in need of help. Just as the IDF has been
mobilized in the past for non-military objectives for the sake of Israeli
society, so too should soldiers continue to help the children of asylum-seekers
in south Tel Aviv.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Zimbabwe Independent (Harare)

                                 July 04, 2014

Quality of Zim's Tobacco Crop Falls

BYLINE: Taurai Mangudhla

LENGTH: 756 words


ZIMBABWE'S tobacco crop dropped in quality in the just ended marketing season
mainly due to the influx of close to 30 000 new farmers, industry experts say.

The new farmers lack experience and contributed negatively to the overall crop
quality Tobacco Industry and Marketing Board, (TIMB) technical services director
Meanwell Gudu said.

Gudu said farmers should grow on both their yield and quality to increase their
returns.

"We had almost 30 000 new growers who did not have what it takes to grow good
quality tobacco, but that will not be for long because as TIMB and other
partners we are out there educating farmers," he said.

The marketing season ended last Friday with almost 50 million kg sold through
auction, while the balance of more than 200 million kg was accounted for by
contracts sale which continues until end of August.

In terms of prices, Gudu said the country's tobacco sales fetched about 15% less
value in 2014 compared to 2013 largely due to international market forces.

"The price for lower quality tobacco were lower last year, but prices were
almost the same for good quality tobacco," said Gudu, adding this is a result of
a global oversupply of the poor quality leaf whilst good quality tobacco remains
in short supply.

World flue cured tobacco production in 2014 is projected at 4 690 million kg, a
slight decline from the 2013 production of 4721 million kg.

Boka Tobacco Auction Floors (BTAF) operations director Moses Bias said the
season was generally good despite a growth in poor quality tobacco.

"The influx of more than 20 000 new growers is compromising on quality," he
said.

"At the beginning of the season you would see good quality tobacco being
delivered and I think growers have realised that they should not just
concentrate on quantity."

Bias said prices were favorable at the beginning of the season but fell to
unsustainable levels towards the end of the marketing season.

"For example someone who brought 10 bales in April would get US$4 500, but the
same person could get US$1 900 this month. Maybe it was the demand and supply
variables," he said.

TIMB statistics for the season which ended June 27 after trading for 89 days
show auction floors brought in 50,5 million kg at an average price of US$2,70/kg
compared to 53,4 million kg after 99 days of sales, averaging US$3,54/kg prior
year. Meanwhile clean up sales for flue-cured auction tobacco will be held on 15
July 2014.

TIMB said seasonal sales have so far surpassed the targeted volumes, with 204,4
million kg going under the hammer at an average price of US$3,17/kg.

During the same period last year 153,1 million kg of tobacco were sold averaging
US$3,70/kg. The tobacco body said contracted tobacco for the 2014 season now
accounts for more than 75% of total tobacco sales.

Indications, according to experts, are that most of the country's tobacco
production will continue to be sold under contract as growers are unable to fund
their operations.

The farmers cannot afford costly inputs hence their option to go under contract
growing, TIMB CEO Andrew Matibiri recently said.

"The ratio for auction and contract sales is now about 25-75% because very few
farmers can afford to buy their own inputs," he said in an interview.

"If there is funding from banks we can see that changing, but remember we have
not been living in ordinary circumstances for a while and the same reasons that
resulted in contract growing such as lack of funding and high costs of inputs
still prevail."

Matibiri said the board's goal was to maintain the two marketing systems side by
side.

Meanwhile, an African region International Tobacco Growers Association (ITGA)
meeting held in Harare this week called on the World Health Organisation (WHO)'s
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) to include tobacco growers in key
decisions-making processes.

ITGA is fighting the proposed ban on tobacco.

"The message to WHO, if you want to regulate the sector you better start talking
to the sector because we will not allow and stand back to have you make
decisions from Geneva, Switzerland and other places, making decisions which will
impact on the farmers in rural areas who provide a livelihood for the growers.

We do not know what's going on yet the guidelines that they are going to propose
are about growers because they want to regulate growers out of tobacco and we
say no, that's not going to happen," ITGA president Francois Van Der Merwe Van
Der Merwe said.

He also called on African farmers to produce a quality crop that competes well
on the international market.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               September 12, 2012

Farmers outraged at drastic new changes to stocking density rate

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


THERE is upset and worry among farmers as the Minister for agriculture, food and
the marine Simon Coveney has increased the stocking density rate for 2012 and
2013 from 0.15 hectares to 0.3 hectares.

Famers are outraged that they were not made aware that drastic changes would be
implemented and that they could not make the necessary adjustments needed to
make to ensure they would still qualify for the grant payment.

This increase is having a negative impact on farmers as it means that several
farmers will not qualify for grants, their payments will be cut or they could
lose their entire payment for 2012.

Independent TD, Tom Fleming has strongly condemned the manner in which the
Minister introduced the change and plans to raise the issue in the Dáil. Michael
Cahill, PA for TD Tom Fleming, spoke on the TD's behalf outlining that the
increase is having a negative impact on farmers.

"Farmers were made aware of not this change and it is affecting thousands of
farmers. Many farmers are annoyed that the rules can be changed so easy without
any warning," Michael said.

The department of Agriculture in Portlaoise has had an influx of enquiries
regarding the increase and has already sent out 10,000 letters to farmers all
over the country.

The increase has been described by farmers as sneaky as it was muted for
sometime but was officially brought into force some weeks ago. This increase is
sure to cause even further hardship after such an already difficult year.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Citizen (Dar es Salaam)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

Invest More in Farming

LENGTH: 230  words


As local and foreign investment is concentrated in the urban areas, hundreds of
thousands of young Tanzanians are leaving the rural areas annually to seek
employment in the towns.

The migration is rapid, taking into consideration the fact that nearly 50 per
cent of rural householders live below the poverty line, compared with 38 per
cent in the urban areas.

Dar es Salaam's population increases by nearly 200,000 annually, with the
authorities unable to provide adequate social services and amenities such as
infrastructure.

It's generally acknowledged that about three-quarters of the city dwellers are
squatters. Other urban areas are also finding it difficult coping with an influx
of immigrants. It is small wonder crime levels are high and epidemics frequently
break out in the crowded urban areas.

A plan by the UN Food and Agriculture and the government to create employment in
rural areas, where the majority of Tanzanians live, is, therefore, encouraging
and needs support.

Equipping rural youngsters with skills, knowledge and inputs will go a long way
in improving agriculture. However, it is essential to build strong and adequate
infrastructure to store crops and ease transportation to marketplaces.

Farmers should also keep abreast of market trends, prices and competition to
survive and prosper. In so doing the tide of rural-urban migration will be
minimised or reversed.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday
                                Michigan Edition

Helping to feed the migrants

SECTION: NATION; OUR OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 329 words


It is a familiar problem this time of year: Migrant farmworkers, brought to
Michiana from areas across the deep South to help with harvesting of fruits and
vegetables, put a strain on local aid agencies.

Supplies at local food pantries, such as the ones operated at the Marshall
Neighborhood Center and the Marshall County chapter of the American Red Cross,
dwindle to dangerous levels. Demand at the Neighborhood Center increased 100
percent in July, according to officials there. The reason, at least in part, is
the fact that more migrant families are looking to the centers to help feed
their families. The plight of the migrants is only exacerbated by other factors
such as the high costs of gasoline and natural gas.

But it also seems that the influx of migrant farmworkers and their families is
only part of the reason for the pressure on local food supplies. Until recently,
U.S. Department of Agriculture commodities had not been distributed to the Food
Bank of Northern Indiana. For many months, much of the food originally scheduled
for this region was sent instead to communities ravaged by Hurricane Katrina.
Workers currently are in the middle of a commodities distribution effort and
another is scheduled for September.

It is important that food pantries be kept well stocked, especially during peak
times of service. Michiana residents are generous when it comes to helping feed
families in need. The annual food drive conducted by the National Association of
Letter Carriers has proven to be a successful way of stocking up the local food
bank.

Making sure pantries are well stocked is not only up to individuals. We
encourage local employers who bring migrant workers to the region to do their
part as well by paying them a decent wage and by donating to the local United
Way agencies. After all, it is these employers who benefit from the labor of the
migrant workers. It is fitting that these employers assist the local charities
that are helping the workers.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             April 17, 2009 Friday

Farm chief seeks delay in full effect of ASEAN tariff scheme

BYLINE: Neil Jerome C. Morales with Jessica Anne D. Hermosa

SECTION: Pg. S1/2

LENGTH: 296 words


THE AGRICULTURE department wants the government to seek a five-year suspension
of full implementation of tariff cuts set next year under the Association of
Southeast Asian Nations-Common Effective Preferential Tariff (ASEAN-CEPT)
scheme.

"For me [a delay of] five years may be a good time because there are many
instabilities due to the recession. Prices of commodities are hard to read,"
Agriculture Secretary Arthur C. Yap told reporters yesterday.

"This is not the time to...destabilize the system by un-bridled trade flows," he
added.

"[Trade] Secretary [Peter B.] Favila has already said that he will make
representations to ASEAN. We will await the result of that. We are waiting for a
suspension of the full implementation [of ASEAN-CEPT] because of the recession."

That scheme requires, for instance, that tariff rate on pork and chicken from
other ASEAN members be cut to 0%-5% next year from the current 20%.

Trade Senior Undersecretary Thomas G. Aquino said the inter-agency Trade and
Related Matters Committee (TRM) will still have to deliberate on the issue.

"[We] have not seen any document on the matter [proposed suspension]. For
fairness, the reasons behind any request has to be known so that policy
decisions will have basis," Mr. Aquino said in a "text" message yesterday.

Livestock, poultry and corn industry officials have warned that the influx of
cheap imports would overwhelm local producers. "We are not ready because our
industry is not yet competitive against imports," Gregorio A. San Diego, Jr.,
head of the United Broilers and Raisers Association, said in a phone interview.

He noted that farm prices of live chicken in Malaysia and Thailand are P20 per
kilo less than the Philippines' P64/kg.

"Five years would be enough for us to be competitive," he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                Central Telegraph and Rural Weekly (Queensland)

                               September 5, 2014

Upbeat for rural life;
Farmer optimism

BYLINE:  Rachael Conaghan

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 406  words


LEO Neill-Ballantine has a great deal of confidence in agriculture, but
unfortunately not everyone shares his optimism.

The Calliope grazier was disappointed to learn of the results of the Rabobank
Rural Confidence survey that showed Queensland farmers were less optimistic
about the future agricultural economy.

It revealed 39% were expecting conditions to worsen in the next year, while only
22% were expecting an improvement.

"If you think things are that bad, you probably need change of job," Leo said.

"It's always been my motto that as producers we have to change our mindset and
stay positive, be more proactive in the whole supply chain.

"No level of government, state farming organisation or processor is going to
change anything for us, the only people going to change anything are ourselves."

He also said the influx of potential foreign investment into Australian
agriculture should serve as a confidence booster.

"I can't help having some sort of confidence when you've got potential investors
coming in. They must see something," he said.

"From a personal point of view, I've got plenty of confidence that we're moving
into a good time when you start looking at global demand."

But Leo also acknowledged there appeared to be a lack of interest from the next
generation, which could impact on confidence.

"The average age of people in agriculture is not getting any younger," he said.

"That would have to have some impact on it all because I think it's pretty fair
to say there's plenty of places being sold because the next generation is not
interested."

But he said there were a lot of signs prices in the beef industry would turn
around before the new year, and if they got a decent wet season it should help
competition in the domestic market.

"There are a lot of signs, particularly in the beef industry, that prices are
going to turn around between now and the New Year," he said.

"If we can be blessed with a decent wet season, particularly in north-west
Queensland in places that are properly drought-declared and get them back to
market, it's going to create a lot of competition domestically which will put
more pressure on processors.

"There's still a few variables there, but I sort of think certainly the
short-term prices will lift due to a shortage of fat cattle."

But he said he understood where producers were coming from when they said they'd
heard it all before.

His family has been on the land for 150 years.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RRW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Chico Enterprise-Record

                            November 25, 2005 Friday

How do you say "almond?"

BYLINE: ARI COHN - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: It depends on who you ask. The fault line appears to be between those
who grew up in the area and those who moved here from elsewhere. But even though
Chico has been experiencing an influx of new residents, the local name


They say Chico is where the nuts come from.

Maybe that accounts for the fact that people here can't agree on what to call
them. Is it almonds, where the first syllable is pronounced like the word palm?
Or is it "amonds," like in salmon?

amonds - isn't going away.

Just how natives of the Sacramento Valley developed their unique appellation for
the nut is a mystery. The Enterprise-Record consulted a local historian and a
Chico State University language professor, but neither were able to shed any
light on the subject. According to Webster's dictionary, either pronunciation is
acceptable.

But it's nearly impossible to spend a few days in Chico without hearing the old,
painful pun: "They're almonds when they're on the branch, but on the ground
they're amonds, because the farmers knock the 'L' out of them."

Whatever you call them, almonds are not a trivial matter in Butte County. In
2004, the almond harvest had the highest gross value of any crop in the county,
at nearly $109 million, according to the latest Summary of Counties'
Agricultural Commissioners Reports, prepared by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. Rice came in second at about $101 million.

Local lore has it that back in 1988, one of the largest producers, Blue Diamond,
had to alter a major advertising campaign so that it would be intelligible to
the rest of the country. The Sacramento-based cooperative's "A can a week,
that's all we ask" campaign featured area growers in a variety of humorous
situations, submerged up to their waists in almonds.

The legend says that the featured growers initially called them amonds, but the
commercials were redone so that people back east would know what they were
talking about.

The consensus among shoppers in downtown Chico Friday was that almonds are more
popular here, but amonds are a local tradition.

Cindy Olesen was born and raised in here, but now lives in Pleasanton. She said
her father, Jerry Bonds, was one of the farmers who first sold their produce at
Chico's farmers market.

"A lot of people are pronouncing it amond instead of almond, except for the ones
who grew up here," Olesen said. "It just makes the rest of us sound Okie."

She said the local parlance is here to stay.

"I don't think it's going to die out," she said. "There are enough of us younger
generation. The kids all say amond, too."

But elsewhere, it can be a source of ribbing.

"I live in the Bay Area. They tease me about it all the time," Olesen said.

Russ Staub, from Paradise, said about half the people he knows say almond, while
the other half say amond.

"I hear it a lot, but it's not something I picked up," he said.

How people pronounce the word says something about them, he said.

"I would expect them to be somebody from a smaller valley town that grew up
around farming or ranching," he said of amond-philes. "If you eat them, you call
them almonds, but if you grow them, you call them amonds."

Lefty Chell, from San Carlos, has lived here for 30 years, yet he and his
children stick with almonds. But at the Los Molinos elementary school where he
teaches, it's a different story.

"It's all amond up there," he said. "I'm so used to it. It's fun. That's how to
tell the born and raised."

Iola Gibson, an Ohio native who has lived the past 10 years in Durham, hasn't
picked up the local patois, either.

"We didn't beat the 'L' out of it," she said.

But in her adopted town, she hears it all the time.

"In Durham it's holding its own," Gibson said. "It's their colloquialism. It's
not what I say, but I recognize that it's their territory."

On the other hand, Linda Scherba and her son Jesse buck the trend.

Jesse grew up in Chico, but uses the word almond. However, even though Linda
hails from Orange County, she's picked up the local lingo.

"That's what everybody says. It's like the dialect," she said. "I came saying
almond and I'll leave saying amond."

She said amond's prospects don't look so hot.

"I think it's dying out. All the younger kids are saying almond here," Scherba
said.

However, Gene Johnson disagrees, even though he himself still calls them
almonds. Some newcomers to the area have become amond converts, he said.

"I find that some of the older people catch on to it and say it," he said. "I
think the longer they're here, the more likely they are to say amond."

Staff writer Ari Cohn can be reached at 896-7767 or acohn@chicoer.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Lebanon Daily News


                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Chico Enterprise-Record

                            November 25, 2005 Friday

How do you say "almond?"

BYLINE: ARI COHN - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: It depends on who you ask. The fault line appears to be between those
who grew up in the area and those who moved here from elsewhere. But even though
Chico has been experiencing an influx of new residents, the local name


They say Chico is where the nuts come from.

Maybe that accounts for the fact that people here can't agree on what to call
them. Is it almonds, where the first syllable is pronounced like the word palm?
Or is it "amonds," like in salmon?

amonds - isn't going away.

Just how natives of the Sacramento Valley developed their unique appellation for
the nut is a mystery. The Enterprise-Record consulted a local historian and a
Chico State University language professor, but neither were able to shed any
light on the subject. According to Webster's dictionary, either pronunciation is
acceptable.

But it's nearly impossible to spend a few days in Chico without hearing the old,
painful pun: "They're almonds when they're on the branch, but on the ground
they're amonds, because the farmers knock the 'L' out of them."

Whatever you call them, almonds are not a trivial matter in Butte County. In
2004, the almond harvest had the highest gross value of any crop in the county,
at nearly $109 million, according to the latest Summary of Counties'
Agricultural Commissioners Reports, prepared by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. Rice came in second at about $101 million.

Local lore has it that back in 1988, one of the largest producers, Blue Diamond,
had to alter a major advertising campaign so that it would be intelligible to
the rest of the country. The Sacramento-based cooperative's "A can a week,
that's all we ask" campaign featured area growers in a variety of humorous
situations, submerged up to their waists in almonds.

The legend says that the featured growers initially called them amonds, but the
commercials were redone so that people back east would know what they were
talking about.

The consensus among shoppers in downtown Chico Friday was that almonds are more
popular here, but amonds are a local tradition.

Cindy Olesen was born and raised in here, but now lives in Pleasanton. She said
her father, Jerry Bonds, was one of the farmers who first sold their produce at
Chico's farmers market.

"A lot of people are pronouncing it amond instead of almond, except for the ones
who grew up here," Olesen said. "It just makes the rest of us sound Okie."

She said the local parlance is here to stay.

"I don't think it's going to die out," she said. "There are enough of us younger
generation. The kids all say amond, too."

But elsewhere, it can be a source of ribbing.

"I live in the Bay Area. They tease me about it all the time," Olesen said.

Russ Staub, from Paradise, said about half the people he knows say almond, while
the other half say amond.

"I hear it a lot, but it's not something I picked up," he said.

How people pronounce the word says something about them, he said.

"I would expect them to be somebody from a smaller valley town that grew up
around farming or ranching," he said of amond-philes. "If you eat them, you call
them almonds, but if you grow them, you call them amonds."

Lefty Chell, from San Carlos, has lived here for 30 years, yet he and his
children stick with almonds. But at the Los Molinos elementary school where he
teaches, it's a different story.

"It's all amond up there," he said. "I'm so used to it. It's fun. That's how to
tell the born and raised."

Iola Gibson, an Ohio native who has lived the past 10 years in Durham, hasn't
picked up the local patois, either.

"We didn't beat the 'L' out of it," she said.

But in her adopted town, she hears it all the time.

"In Durham it's holding its own," Gibson said. "It's their colloquialism. It's
not what I say, but I recognize that it's their territory."

On the other hand, Linda Scherba and her son Jesse buck the trend.

Jesse grew up in Chico, but uses the word almond. However, even though Linda
hails from Orange County, she's picked up the local lingo.

"That's what everybody says. It's like the dialect," she said. "I came saying
almond and I'll leave saying amond."

She said amond's prospects don't look so hot.

"I think it's dying out. All the younger kids are saying almond here," Scherba
said.

However, Gene Johnson disagrees, even though he himself still calls them
almonds. Some newcomers to the area have become amond converts, he said.

"I find that some of the older people catch on to it and say it," he said. "I
think the longer they're here, the more likely they are to say amond."

Staff writer Ari Cohn can be reached at 896-7767 or acohn@chicoer.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Lebanon Daily News


                              479 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Turkey takes measures to respond to possible refugee influx from Syria

LENGTH: 848 words


Text of report in English by Turkish newspaper Today's Zaman website on 11
August

[Report by Ercan Yavuz: "Turkey summons retired officers as Syrian crisis
escalates"]

In anticipation of what is expected to be a massive influx of Syrian refugees,
Turkey has taken extraordinary measures along its borders with Syria, including
summoning retired military officers to duty and assigning them to border
provinces.

Officials on Thursday announced that the number of Syrians taking refuge in
Turkey had reached 7,239, a number reminiscent of the situation during the 1991
Gulf War, when Turkey hosted tens of thousands of refugees from Iraq. In
addition to the expected influx, there is concern that NATO forces might
intervene in Syria. Experts believe the number of refugees coming to Turkey
might soar above all expectations.

Also on Thursday, the Syrian army stormed Saraqeb, a Syrian town near Turkey's
border, a mere one a day after Syrian authorities declared the military had
pulled out of the region. Hundreds more fled across the border during the
attack. Experts say Syrians are currently coming into Turkey through Hatay, but
many others might flee across the border through the Turkish towns of Kilis and
Mardin in the near future.

The international community has been urging the Syrian government to stop the
bloody crackdown on activists. On Wednesday, the United States announced new
sanctions and Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu visited Syrian President
Bashar al-Assad in Damascus to repeat Turkey's condemnation of the attacks on
protestors.

The General Staff sent duty summons to every officer retired from the military
in the past five years. More personnel have been deployed in bases and
strategically important outposts. A majority of those summoned to serve were
positioned in stations near the border. Security measures at the Iskenderun
Naval Base were doubled.

Turkey opened its doors to more than 3,000 members of the Iraq peshmerga army
during the first Gulf War. The experience taught the country many valuable
lessons. Although many nations, including the US, promised to help with the
refugees, none kept their promises.

Currently, the number of Syrians fleeing violence at the hands of the Assad
government is more than two times that of the peshmerga. A majority of the
refugees are women and children. No one knows what will happen if the numbers
continue to rise - and they sure will, as reports from the other side of the
border state that 17,000 Syrians are on their way.

The government has been preparing for a massive influx for the past two months.
In fact, a coordination centre to handle a possible refugee crisis was set up by
the Prime Ministry's Natural Disasters and Emergency Situations Department. The
coordination centre has already ensured the implementation of extraordinary
measures in Hatay, Kilis and Mardin.

Turkey is also concerned about a possible NATO intervention in Syria. The
government believes that such an intervention would hurt Turkey the most and
hopes that the situation is resolved without the need for an international
intervention. Turkey also fears that a NATO intervention might spark a backlash
in the Muslim world.

The crisis coordination centre is working together with the Foreign Affairs
Ministry, the Interior Ministry, the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of
Health, the customs department, the gendarmerie, the general directorate of
borders and coasts and the Ministry of Environment, uninterruptedly monitoring
developments near the border. An animal quarantine centre has also been set up,
as Turkey expects not only people but also animals to cross the border in case
of a NATO strike on Syria.

Veysel Ayhan, an associate professor from the Bolu Abant Izzet Baysal University
and an expert on the Middle East and Syria, said a NATO intervention in Syria
would turn the region into absolute hell. "Turkey is back to its position in the
1990s. It is pursuing a proactive foreign policy. We can confidently say that a
wave of refugees much bigger than the one during the Gulf War is in store, as it
is unlikely that the situation in Syria will be resolved in the near future.
NATO handled the situation in Afghanistan and Libya badly. Western countries
can't make any contributions to NATO in similar operations. If this can be
solved, it can only be solved through Turkey's efforts. If, in the long run,
NATO intervenes, we could be faced with a more dire picture."

Syrian-Turkish border mines

Meanwhile, the internal conflict in Syria has postponed the clearing of mines
along the Turkish-Syrian border. The two countries share a minefield three times
the size of Cyprus. Since the Ottawa Treaty on the prohibition of anti-personnel
mines went into effect in 1999, Turkey has been developing projects to clear
mines in border zones near Syria and Iraq. In 2009, the Justice and Development
Party (AK Party) government passed a law to facilitate the clearing of the mines
near the Syrian border, but the plans have been put off due to the situation in
Syria.

Source: Zaman website, Istanbul, in English 11 Aug 11

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2011 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 6, 1990 Tuesday

Killer bees due in Texas;   experts fear public panic

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Dallas TX


Reuter
   DALLAS
 Africanized honey bees, more commonly called killer bees , are
expected to swarm into Texas this month, and experts fear they will
provoke public hysteria and carry a sharp economic sting.

The killer bees originated in Brazil when vicious African bees mated
with their gentler European counterparts. They have been gradually moving
northward.

"We are not equipped to handle any massive influx and we suspect we're
going to get it," said Anita Collins, research leader at the Agriculture
Department's Honey Bee Research Laboratory in Weslaco, Texas.

Experts believe the bees will invade the state in small groups, set up
home and refuse to move on to colder norther regions. They fear the bees
will hurt tourism by generating bad publicity, and agriculture by cutting
crop yields.

"People have seen horror movies and heard horror stories of animals and
people being stung to death," said Charles Smith, a tourism expert in
Dallas. "There is no way to convince them that these bees pose little
threat."

While issuing some precautionary information, the Health Department is
trying to prevent public panic.

"Let's watch, wait and don't do something stupid," said Bobby Davis,
director of the general sanitation division. "I have not seen one iota of
anything that indicates that this will be an unmanageable problem."

As many as 12 deaths have been blamed on the Africanized bees in Mexico
in the last three years.

Usually one Texan is killed by bee stings each year.

The experts said Africanized honey bees do not seek out victims to
attack and their venom is no more potent than that of domestic bees. But
they are more easily provoked and attack in larger numbers when disturbed.

Fowden Maxwell, head of the entomology department at Texas A&M
University, said recent projections show honey producers may lose $4.5-
million because of the new arrivals. Africanized bees will displace the
American honey bee, and because they are poor pollinators they will
produce less honey.

Growers of melons and vegetables will suffer heavy losses because they
depend on honey bees for pollination, he said.

Ms Collins said the challenge is to inform the public that a danger
exists without creating panic.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 1, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Nation: State by State;
Here And There, Recovery Is Uneven

SECTION: Section 4; Column 5; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 630 words


THE economy is a crucial issue this election season as the nation shakes off the
effects of a recession. But a look at the seven states holding primaries and
caucuses Tuesday shows there is not one economy, but many.

National and international trends interact with local strengths and weaknesses
to create a mosaic of economic health, as a survey by Economy.com, a research
firm in West Chester, Pa., that follows regional trends, indicates.

States dependent on manufacturing are struggling. Those ahead of the game in the
high-tech field have strong prospects. The whims of federal spending can have a
huge impact.

Here is the outlook of the seven states.

ARIZONA

Delegates at stake: 55

The economy is expanding, helped by defense-related manufacturing, exports and
tourism. A potential surge in biotech activity could be significant. A diverse
roster of high-tech industries make the state well-positioned for the
information economy. Population growth and low business costs are helping to
bring businesses in. The state is an important entry point for immigrants,
which, in some ways, drives economic growth, but also weighs on the state's
fiscal health because of high poverty rates.

DELAWARE

Delegates at stake: 15

The economy is stabilizing. Manufacturing is a drain, but it is a smaller
portion of the overall job base than in the nation as a whole. Consumer finance
companies, law firms and other professional services are proving strong. Also
helping: low business costs, above-average incomes and an influx of new
residents.

MISSOURI

Delegates at stake: 74

It has one of the worst economies in the nation. Still mired in recession, the
state is saddled with older industries. Auto manufacturers are losing ground,
hurt by the relatively high pension and production costs that are characteristic
of the Midwest. It has strong defense spending. Decisions on contracts for
Boeing could help make or break a recovery.

NEW MEXICO

Delegates at stake: 26

It has one of the best performing economies in the country, with unusually
consistent employment growth. Health care is a principal source of growth.
Strong population gains have increased demand for housing, fueling construction
activity. Intel, one of the largest contributors to manufacturing output in the
state, is leading a high-tech recovery. A limited supply of water continues to
be a hurdle. Helping: An influx of retirees, strong growth in the labor force
and low business costs.

NORTH DAKOTA

Delegates at stake: 14

The economy is stable. Job creation is proceeding slowly. Prospects for
high-tech industries appear promising, partly because of the construction of a
manufacturing plant at North Dakota State University's Research and Technology
Park. It will produce radio-frequency identification tags for the Defense
Department and private industry. Dependence on federal spending, agriculture, as
well as poor demographic trends, will limit long-term growth.

OKLAHOMA

Delegates at stake: 40

Conditions are weak but firming. Government job cuts are weighing on the
economy, while consumer-related industries suffer from weak household cash flow.
There is an absence of higher-skill positions. Expected military base closings
in 2005 could create major difficulty. High-tech industries will stabilize, but
Texas has become the region's technology epicenter.

SOUTH CAROLINA

Delegates at stake: 45

Tough times. Personal bankruptcies per household are at an all-time high and
continue to climb. The jobless rate is above the national average and is rising.
The struggles of the textile industry are acting as a drag. Growth will
primarily depend on a continued shift away from low value-added manufacturing to
durables, as well as technology and services. The Port of Charleston is
benefiting from rising U.S.-China trade volumes.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: An influx of residents is spurring growth in Arizona, as this
home construction in Surprise indicates. (Photo by Associated Press); The
Springs Industries textile mill in Lancaster, S.C., closed in August. (Photo by
Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              482 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           November 7, 2013 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Cuts for the hungry, billions for business

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 469 words


Two stories in the past week highlight an alarming erosion of compassion in this
country.

On Friday, The York Dispatch reported local social services agencies are bracing
for an influx of hungry families and individuals now that a temporary increase
in food stamp funding has expired.

More than 47 million Americans who receive food stamps will get fewer benefits
-- about $36 less a month for a family of four, according to the U.S. Department
of Agriculture.

That might not sound like much to some people, but for those on a fixed income,
who have seen their wages stagnate or even decline since the recession, food
stamps might be their primary source for nutrition.

The rolls have swelled as the economy struggled, and the benefits now go to one
in seven Americans.

The Rev. Paul Gorog, executive director of the York Rescue Mission, said he
believes last week's food stamp reductions will translate to more people showing
up for food at the mission.

"When they're not able to get the food they need, they'll come," he said. "The
need for meals will become greater. There are people, families, that depend
heavily on these food stamps."

Keep in mind, the expiration of the temporary increase in food stamp funding is
separate from cuts to the program Congress is now considering as it haggles over
the Farm Bill.

Even before the recent reduction in benefits, more people were forced to rely on
local food pantries.

The York County Commissioners reported earlier this year its food distribution
to area pantries increased to 780 tons in 2012-13, up from 545 tons in 2011-12
and 396 tons in 2010-11.

That accomplishment is particularly impressive considering the state cut funding
to the Food Purchase Program, which provides the food, during that same time.

Well, you might say, times are tough all over. It's unfortunate, but everyone is
taking a hit.

Not quite.

An Associated Press story in Tuesday's Dispatch noted Pennsylvania taxpayers
could be on the hook for about a $1 billion in subsidies state officials have
pledged to the natural gas industry.

On top of that, AP reports, lawmakers have approved what could be Pennsylvania's
biggest ever taxpayer-paid economic development incentive to entice oil and gas
giant Royal Dutch Shell PLC to build a petrochemical refinery here to convert
natural gas liquids into ethylene.

Those subsidies alone could exceed $1 billion over 25 years.

Meanwhile, the York County Area Agency on Aging is urging families to check on
seniors who rely on food stamps in light of the reduction in benefits.

"The sooner, the better before a crisis occurs," said Jenny Nace, information
specialist with the York County Area Agency on Aging.

She suggests relatives check their elderly family members' refrigerators and
cupboards and to be on the lookout for weight loss.

What is wrong with this picture?

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Nairobi Star (Nairobi)

                            September 9, 2011 Friday

Murang'a Housing Crisis After College Upgrade

BYLINE: Jesse Mwangi

LENGTH: 267  words


The upgrade of Murang'a College of Technology to a constituent college of Jomo
Kenyatta University of Agriculture and Technology has sparked off a housing
crisis in Murang'a. Rents in the town have tripled in the past few months
causing a public outcry. Council chairmen from the five local authorities in the
county have been holding meetings in Murang'a town to avert the looming housing
and social facilities crises in the town.

There are fears among the leaders that the town is not ready to adequately house
the thousands of students expected to join the institution. The institution was
given a nod by the Ministry of Higher Education to start offering degree
programs two months ago and it will be a constituent college of Jomo Kenyatta
University of Agriculture and Technology.

Murang'a Municipal council town clerk Mr Sammy Njogu c said the council is
holding talks with all stakeholders to look into ways of sustaining the
population influx. "I can confirm to you that the council is doing everything to
see that the housing crises are averted," Njogu said. He said the council and
the local Banks are promoting private developers in the town adding that they
are also attracting foreign investors to invest in the town.

The town clerk has however expressed disappointments with the local politicians
and business tycoons for not investing in the town. "The most educated and rich
business people from this area owns multi-billion business premises in Nairobi
and other areas, now we are appealing to them to invest back in their home area
in a bid to revive the economy of the town," said Njogu.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 11, 2014, Sunday

In 20th year, land trust plans to help preserve more acres

BYLINE: Rick Steelhammer, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1B

LENGTH: 1301 words


From negotiating an easement that saved a section of Trace Fork Canyon in South
Charleston from the construction footprint of Dudley Plaza Mall in the 1990s to
last February's finalization of an easement protecting a historic 175-acre farm
on 3,500-foot Elk Knob in Summers County from subdivision and second-home
development, the West Virginia Land Trust is making its presence known
throughout the state.

As West Virginia's only statewide nonprofit land trust prepares to enter its
20th year, it has helped permanently protect nearly 2,000 acres of natural lands
and farms so far, and is poised to dramatically accelerate its preservation work
in the years to come.

In fact, at this year's May 22 Special Places Event, the West Virginia Land
Trust's biggest annual fundraiser, a goal of $75,000 has been set to cover the
costs of protecting an additional 10,000 acres now under study.

"We've got a lot of projects in the pipeline now, and I think we will be
expanding significantly in the next two or three years, WVLT executive director
Brent Bailey said. "We were a volunteer-led organization for many years, but an
influx in funding two years ago allowed us to staff up appropriately for the
first time.

The WVLT now has two people working full-time with landowners across the state
on land protection issues, while others on the eight-person staff focus on
fundraising, science, land management and public outreach issues.

Bailey said the influx in funding comes mainly from the Land Trust being
recognized as a qualified recipient of funds from lawsuit settlements involving
violations of the Clean Water Act within West Virgina.

The WVLT works with landowners interested in preserving property with
significant scenic, botanical, recreational or historic qualities through
conservation easements or real estate purchases. The easement agreements remain
in effect in perpetuity, allowing current property owners and their heirs or
future buyers to continue using the land in the manner it was being used at the
time the easements were issued, but forbidding them from developing or
subdividing the property. The WVLT makes sure the terms of the easements are
being followed, and helps landowners with technical assistance on conservation
issues.

"Working with landowners who are looking at land conservation for their property
can be a long process, Bailey said. "If they want to retain the property but
donate a conservation easement to it, we want to make sure they've thought it
through and that everyone is happy with the way the process is going before we
move forward. Land conservation is very detailed work, involving property law,
taxes and contracts. It can often take 18 months to two years to complete the
process, but the property owner is always in the driver's seat.

In addition to conserving farms, wetlands, farms and forests, the WVLT is
interested in preserving land along streams - especially sites that would
improve public access, promote recreational activity and protect safe public
drinking water by preserving riverfront land upstream from public water system
intakes. The Land Trust is focusing on stream-side properties in the Elk, Coal,
Gauley, Guyandotte, Greenbrier, Kanawha and New River watersheds. Properties
that buffer, or could possibly be added to, public parks and forests are also
being targeted.

Properties protected with assistance from the WVLT include:

The 52-acre Wallace Hartman Nature Preserve,off South Ruffner Road in
Charleston, for which the WVLT is drafting a management plan.

A 100-acre section of lake-front land, including a mature hardwood forest, at
Cheat Lake in Monongalia County.

A 90-acre tract of mature slope-side forest about six miles south of Morgantown,
where a WVLT management plan is underway.

A 212-acre farm in Monroe County adjacent to a National Scenic Byway, in
partnership with the Indian Creek Conservancy.

A 175-acre historic farm in Jackson County.

A 384-acre historic farm in Pocahontas County abutting the National Radio
Astronomy Observatory and the Monongahela National Forest.

"I am very comforted that this farm that has been in our family since the
mid-1800s will remain as it is for generations to come, said Patsy Cummings,
co-owner of the Pocahontas County farm. "I loved growing up nearby and spent
lots of time here, and now I love to come back and enjoy our farm in the valley
nestled in the mountains. It brings me a sense of renewal and peace, and now
with the conservation easement with the West Virginia Land Trust the property
will continue in the same manner.

There are currently eight land trust organizations working in West Virginia,
where they are responsible for saving nearly 32,000 acres of land between 2005
and 2010.

"All of the land protection organizations working here differ slightly in focus,
and some have really restrictive geographical areas in which they operate,
Bailey said. "We work together whenever we can.

While the amount of land preserved with assistance from West Virginia land trust
organizations grew 44 percent between 2005 and 2010, the total acreage preserved
ranks 40th in the nation, according to the WVLT.

Bailey said the state could preserve much more land if laws were in place giving
landowners a state income tax credit for donating land or conservation easements
to a land conservation trust.

In Virginia, which ranks fifth in the nation for acres saved through land trust
action, transferable state tax credits are available to landowners, Bailey said.
"Landowners can sell their tax credits to those looking for some, creating a
private sector marketplace that allows landowners to monetize the benefits of
their conservation easements, he said. "If West Virginia offered such
transferable credits, the acreage we're preserving would expand considerably.

The May 22 Special Places Event, which starts at 6 p.m. in the Columbia Gas
Auditorium in Charleston, is held annually to honor individuals who have made
significant contributions to land conservation in their communities.

This year, all 12 landowners who have granted conservation easements to WVLT are
being recognized, including: Bill Hevener and his sister Patsy Cummings, who
partnered with WVLT to preserve their 160-year-old family farm in Pocahontas
County; Terry Williams of Summers County, whose conservation easement protects
175 acres once targeted for a 75-lot residential development; Dolly Wallace
Hartman, who worked with WVLT to protect a 52-acre tract of woodland now known
as the Wallace Hartman Nature Preserve in Charleston's South Ruffner district;
Elizabeth Zimmerman of Monongalia County, who donated 84 acres of forest open to
public use a few miles south of Morgantown;

Page Dickson,who worked with WVLT to preserve the historic heritage of 436 acres
of farmland in Spring Valley, Monroe County; Russell Isaacs, for an easement to
his 175-acre Jackson County farm; Charles and Dorothy Larew, for an easement to
preserve their scenic, 202-acre Monroe County farm; Dave Adkins' 150 acre farm
in Monroe County; Keith Straw, for helping save 25 acres of the Straw Family
Farm in Greenbrier County; John A. Reynolds and Ann Reynolds Harvey for an
easement to a horse farm in Harrison County, and to Holmes and Antoinette
Morrison for an easement to protect their scenic Davis Creek residential retreat
in Kanawha County.

Bridge Road Bistro is catering the fundraiser, with the Bandwagon providing live
bluegrass music. Silent auction items range from a week's stay in Tuscany and
WVU football tickets to a guided rock climbing tour at Nelson Rocks Outdoor
Center in Pendleton County and a float for two down the Coal River.

For tickets and more information about the WVLT's Special Places Event, call
304-342-1639, or visit www.wvlandtrust.org.

Reach Rick Steelhammer at

rsteelhammer@wvgazette.com

or 304-348-5169.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              485 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           February 16, 2006 Thursday
                            1 North Pinellas Edition

Killer bees show up in Tampa

BYLINE: ALEXANDRA ZAYAS

SECTION: METRO & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Aggressive, Africanized bees that were spotted swarming atop a Tampa Electric
Co. crane several weeks ago will sting no more.

The tiny trespassers were taken from the TECO facility on Port Sutton Tuesday
after bee removal experts from Insect IQ of Tampa released a spray in the
machinery two weeks ago to kill the killers.

Maintenance workers who spotted the bees six to eight weeks ago while painting
the crane were kept away from the hive while the bees were still alive, said
TECO spokesman Ross Bannister. Nobody was stung.

Now, the area is sealed to prevent bees from paying a second visit, Bannister
said.

Africanized bees are gaining notoriety throughout the Tampa Bay area because of
their vicious behavior, rapidly growing population and easy access to the area
through traffic into the Port of Tampa from heavily infested Latin America.

As opposed to the gentler honeybee, friend to beekeepers and farmers because
they pollinate agriculture, these grumpy cousins attack and sting in bigger
numbers. They're also greedier. They compete with honeybees for food and breed
with them to spread their species.

"It's scary, these African bees," said Titus Miller, an exterminator with Apian
Sting Operation of Lakeland. "You can't harvest honey. They eat it up. The
African bees are like "Let's not waste it. Let's eat it and go make more bees.'
"

Jerry Hayes, chief of apiary inspection with the Florida Department of
Agriculture and Consumer Services, has several concerns about the large influx
of bees expected to hit the bay area within the next two to three years.

A major one is agriculture. Honeybees help pollinate one-third of the produce in
Florida, and their population is being threatened.

Another is stinging. Fourteen Americans in states bordering Mexico have died
from attacks. A horse near Lake Okeechobee died this spring. Bees were even
found in its lungs.

Hayes said his department has placed 500 bee traps throughout the state,
including 200 in the bay area.

"It's not to stop these, because we can't stop them. But it is to survey to see
where they are in the environment," Hayes said.

Education is key in the war against the killer bees. People need to run away if
they see swarms, then call a professional.

But what about that old axiom about standing still when bees swarm near you?

"My goodness, no," Hayes said. "Leave the area immediately."

Alexandra Zayas can be reached at (813) 226-3354 or azayas@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: METRO & STATE; CITY & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press
Africanized honeybees, like these on a tree near the Texas A&M University
Research and Extension Center, have moved into Florida.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 12, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Census report shows new metro area influx About 70,000 more left rural areas
than came in

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Rural areas and small towns are losing their appeal
now that good jobs abound in metropolitan areas.

For the first time in seven years, people who left non-metropolitan
areas from March 1998 to March 1999 outnumbered those who came
in, according to a Census Bureau report out today. During that
time, people continued to flock to metro areas, mostly the suburbs.


The numbers are causing demographers to wonder whether the rural
rebound of the 1990s is over. After more than a decade of population
decline and exodus, rural areas began enjoying an influx in 1992-93.

The Census Bureau's annual Geographical Mobility report showed
that about 300,000 more people moved to rural areas than left
in 1992-93. But the numbers released today show that from 1998
to 1999, about 70,000 more people moved out than came in.

The report is based on a nationally representative survey of 50,000
households.

Much of the '90s rural boom was caused by a recession that hit
metro areas particularly hard, says Calvin Beale, senior demographer
with the Department of Agriculture. "In the first half of the
'90s, unemployment was higher in metro areas than it was in non-metros,"
he says. "In the last half of the '90s, the employment rates
reversed."

As companies cut jobs and offered early retirement, more people
took refuge in small towns where they found lower costs of living
and better lives, Beale says.

Many people also left the earthquakes, floods and race riots of
California for more pastoral settings.

The technological revolution helped. Armed with modems, the new
rural residents set up businesses in Colorado cabins and Vermont
farmhouses. This breed of entrepreneurs became known as "lone
eagles."

The rural numbers started to slide in the late '90s. Most of the
rural areas showing gains are in the path of suburban sprawl,
Beale says.

"It's far too radical to say that the rural renaissance is dead,"
says William Frey, demographer at the Milken Institute, a think
tank in Santa Monica, Calif., that studies world economics. "The
suburbanites who aren't happy with what they have in the suburbs
will still be around."

Beale says he expects rural migration to rise again as more of
the 79 million baby boomers reach retirement age. The oldest boomers
turn 54 this year.

"Metro America is going to continue to shed enough people out
into the rural areas," he says. "These retirees have good health
and good income. It makes them more likely to move."

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              487 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Ahmedabad slips to fourth rank in fruit production

BYLINE: Himanshu Kaushik

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 351 words


AHEMDABAD: Gujarat has slipped to the fourth position in fruit production among
Indian states. Uttar Pradesh, which previously ranked fourth, is now the top
fruit-producing state in the country. Gujarat, which mainly produces banana,
guava, mango and papaya, had held the third rank in 2014-15 among
fruit-producing states.Gujarat, however, continues to be the top spice-producing
state in India.

The state's production of cumin seed was the highest in the country. Officials
said that of 48.55 lakh metric tonnes of cumin produced nationally, the state
contributed 36.45 lakh metric tonnes. Gujarat provides 75% of the country's
yield in cumin.The state currently ranks fifth in terms of vegetable production.
According to data released by the Union agriculture department, the cultivation
of fruits in 2015-16 was higher than that in 2014-15, but per hectare
productivity had registered a decline.State agriculture minister, Chimanbhai
Dharamshibhai Shapariya, said that he has studied the report, but cannot comment
as to why the fruit production decreased in the state. Officials in the
agriculture department said that Uttar Pradesh, which was ranked fourth in
2014-15, expanded the area under fruit cultivation by nearly 90,000 hectares,
and so their total production increased by nearly 25 lakh metric tonnes.V P
Chovatia, director of research, Junagadh Agriculture University, said, "The
state has suffered a major setback in mango production. Unseasonal rains or
fluctuation in temperature is affecting the production of mango. Secondly,
rainfall for the last two years has been below normal, which is also affecting
per hectare yield of fruit crops in orchards."Chovatia said increasing salinity
in coastal areas was also affecting the production of coconuts. Lack of rains
and lower influx of freshwater has led to the increase of salinity, he said.
Past two years' weather was also not conducive for fruit crops said Chovatia.R L
Sayani, agriculture economist, agreed. "The climate last year was not conducive
for fruit crops and led to lower yield.," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Ahmedabad slips to fourth rank in fruit production

BYLINE: Himanshu Kaushik

SECTION: AHMEDABAD

LENGTH: 351 words


AHEMDABAD: Gujarat has slipped to the fourth position in fruit production among
Indian states. Uttar Pradesh, which previously ranked fourth, is now the top
fruit-producing state in the country. Gujarat, which mainly produces banana,
guava, mango and papaya, had held the third rank in 2014-15 among
fruit-producing states.Gujarat, however, continues to be the top spice-producing
state in India.

The state's production of cumin seed was the highest in the country. Officials
said that of 48.55 lakh metric tonnes of cumin produced nationally, the state
contributed 36.45 lakh metric tonnes. Gujarat provides 75% of the country's
yield in cumin.The state currently ranks fifth in terms of vegetable production.
According to data released by the Union agriculture department, the cultivation
of fruits in 2015-16 was higher than that in 2014-15, but per hectare
productivity had registered a decline.State agriculture minister, Chimanbhai
Dharamshibhai Shapariya, said that he has studied the report, but cannot comment
as to why the fruit production decreased in the state. Officials in the
agriculture department said that Uttar Pradesh, which was ranked fourth in
2014-15, expanded the area under fruit cultivation by nearly 90,000 hectares,
and so their total production increased by nearly 25 lakh metric tonnes.V P
Chovatia, director of research, Junagadh Agriculture University, said, "The
state has suffered a major setback in mango production. Unseasonal rains or
fluctuation in temperature is affecting the production of mango. Secondly,
rainfall for the last two years has been below normal, which is also affecting
per hectare yield of fruit crops in orchards."Chovatia said increasing salinity
in coastal areas was also affecting the production of coconuts. Lack of rains
and lower influx of freshwater has led to the increase of salinity, he said.
Past two years' weather was also not conducive for fruit crops said Chovatia.R L
Sayani, agriculture economist, agreed. "The climate last year was not conducive
for fruit crops and led to lower yield.," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                               September 13, 2012

Farmers outraged at drastic new changes to stocking density rate

SECTION: GENERAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


Amber Galwey

THERE is upset and worry among farmers as the Minister for agriculture, food and
the marine Simon Coveney has increased the stocking density rate for 2012 and
2013 from 0.15 hectares to 0.3 hectares.

Famers are outraged that they were not made aware that drastic changes would be
implemented and that they could not make the necessary adjustments needed to
make to ensure they would still qualify for the grant payment.

This increase is having a negative impact on farmers as it means that several
farmers will not qualify for grants, their payments will be cut or they could
lose their entire payment for 2012.

Independent TD, Tom Fleming has strongly condemned the manner in which the
Minister introduced the change and plans to raise the issue in the Dáil. Michael
Cahill, PA for TD Tom Fleming, spoke on the TD's behalf outlining that the
increase is having a negative impact on farmers.

"Farmers were not made aware of this change and it is affecting thousands of
farmers. Many farmers are annoyed that the rules can be changed so easy without
any warning," Michael said.

The department of Agriculture in Portlaoise has had an influx of enquiries
regarding the increase and has already sent out 10,000 letters to farmers all
over the country.

The increase has been described by farmers as sneaky as it was muted for
sometime but was officially brought into force some weeks ago. This increase is
sure to cause even further hardship after such an already difficult year.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

The changing faces of Brandon;
An amazing demographic shift began with a plant to 'disassemble' hogs

BYLINE: JEFFREY SIMPSON

SECTION: COMMENT COLUMN; IMMIGRANT INFLUX; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: BRANDON


jsimpson@globeandmail.com

***

To the uninitiated, the Brandon art gallery might seem to be an unlikely place
to hear Spanish. But the other day, three young women were studying a painting
and chattering in Spanish.

Hang around Brandon for a little while, and you'll see signs in Mandarin and
Ukrainian, too, because a demographic shift has hit this Manitoba city of 45,000
people.

English, Spanish, Mandarin and Ukrainian are the "official languages" used
inside the Maple Leaf Foods hog-processing plant, the largest employer in
Brandon. About 2,100 hourly workers (all unionized) toil at the plant; 70 per
cent of them are from China, El Salvador, Honduras, Mauritius, Mexico and
Ukraine.

Their arrival in the past decade, and especially in the past five years, is
changing - and challenging - Brandon. It's an example in an unlikely place of
what Statistics Canada reported this week: the upsurge in visible minority
populations.

Most of the upsurge is occurring in the large cities and the suburbs that
surround them. Courtesy of the Maple Leaf plant that opened in 1999, that
upsurge is being felt in Brandon.

In the plant's early years, employee turnover was almost 100 per cent a year, a
company spokesman said. About a quarter of the work force was aboriginal. The
hours were strict and the work - what the company calls "disassembling" hogs -
was hard and repetitive. The aboriginals left, but so did almost all of the
original employees.

The company tried recruiting in Atlantic Canada and Ontario, but with little
success. The first Mexican workers came as part of a pilot program in 2002, and
the influx has continued.

The amazing part of the influx - and the good news for Brandon - is how many
workers stay on after their two-year temporary work visa. They apply for
permanent status, bring their families and settle down. Some of their wives
quickly enter the work force in fast-food restaurants and other entry-level
jobs.

Last year, the company counted 1,812 people it had brought to the plant, of whom
it had retained 1,457. Recently, about 250 Chinese workers became eligible for
permanent residency. Only nine did not avail themselves of the opportunity, and
40 of them bought houses as soon as their permanent status was confirmed.

When vacancies arrive, the company has to convince the Canadian government that
it's trying to find Canadian employees. But local unemployment is very low, as
it is across Manitoba. And Canadians apparently don't want to work in this kind
of plant.

Potential immigrants do. The company's last overseas recruiting effort was in
Honduras. Maple Leaf representatives interviewed 600 applicants there and
offered jobs to 88.

Brandon had experienced small waves of immigrants before, but that was long ago.
The eastern Europeans who arrived have been thoroughly absorbed, although
self-reliant Hutterite colonies still dot the landscape of southwestern
Manitoba. So having people from El Salvador, China and Honduras was not exactly
something for which Brandon was prepared.

Brandon was a kind of "set in its ways" city, with its old university, community
college and agriculture service industries. It has voted Conservative federally
forever. The provincial NDP can win one seat in the east end of the city, but
the rest is blue, as are all the rural ridings.

At dinner the other night with community leaders, and during a conversation with
the mayor, it seemed Brandon is largely very supportive of the immigrants. Yes,
there are challenges for the school system in teaching English as a second
language. (A program financed by governments, the union and the company offers
English instruction to about 1,300 employees.) Housing in the city is tight. And
there is the Canada-wide problem of having people working in a hog-processing
plant who have professional qualifications from their native countries.

But a survey taken last year showed 89-per-cent approval of the immigrants in
Brandon, especially since there have been few run-ins with police and the
immigrants have helped to keep the city's population from declining. The
decision of so many plant workers to settle in Brandon displays a commitment
that impresses residents.

Community leaders, satisfied thus far, ask the right questions. Can we continue
to keep the arrivals? Can our educational system cope? Can we avoid
intercommunal misunderstandings?

So far, though, so good.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Irish race comes from Middle East;
Study uncovers our beginnings

BYLINE: TONY WHITFIELD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 345 words


THE Irish are descendant from early farmers in the Middle East and metalworkers
from the Black Sea region.

By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology, with scientists divided.

Some argue the great transition in Ireland and Britain from huntergatherers to
farming and then from the stone to metal age was due to local adoption of new
ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people.

By sequencing the first genomes from ancient Irish humans from different eras,
scientists found unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it
changed.

Prof Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said: "There was a great wave of
genome change that swept into Europe from above the Black Sea into Bronze Age
Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the shores of its most westerly
island."

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads, bronze metalworking and may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language.

Geneticists from Trinity College and archaeologists from Queen's University
Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near Belfast
some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island from a
later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze Age after the introduction of
metalworking. Ireland has intriguing genetics lying at the edge of many European
genetic gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose
tolerance, the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic
diseases including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage was unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

news@irishmirror.ie

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANCESTOR Neolithic woman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Waikato Times (Hamilton, New Zealand)

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

Tourist numbers should be limited

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 770 words


Simple lessons seem to be the hardest for some people to learn.

Warnings that our important dairy industry was growing too fast in recent years
and would quickly outstrip the available market were dismissed by industry
leaders and some parliamentarians as negative and ill- informed. Instead of
developing a strategic plan for expansion with adequate systems in place for
water allocation and to protect the environment, it was full steam ahead.
Corporate, non-farming, investors got involved, chasing apparent high returns,
and large-scale factory farming created serious animal welfare issues with a
number of high-profile prosecutions.

In the South Island, the Canterbury Regional Council, which has responsibility
for arguably the most vulnerable of New Zealand's freshwater resources, was
dismissed and replaced with Government-appointed commissioners with an apparent
mandate to facilitate almost unmitigated access to water for agriculture.

The predictable results have been polluted waterways, groundwater depletion, the
near collapse of the dairy industry and mortgagee dairy farm sales in Waikato on
a scale not seen since the late 1980s. Given our traditional resilience to such
calamities, the dairy industry will undoubtedly recover, but probably not to the
level of three years ago. Along the way, too many farming families, usually the
younger sharemilkers, have lost everything and too many of our once-clean
waterways have become polluted drainage ditches in a disaster which was wholly
avoidable.

With the coffin lid hardly screwed down on young farmers' dreams, the Government
has walked away from that debacle and turned its attention to the equally
important tourist industry, with the same drive for unmitigated expansion.

The comment from Prime Minister John Key that the tourism industry has "picked
up the slack" left by the wounded dairy industry should set alarm bells clanging
among local authorities and those who hold genuine fears for our special places.

Apart from a serious lack of adequate infrastructure, such as public toilets and
hotel accommodation, do we really want to increase the hordes of visitors who
already clog our special places each summer simply to provide increased profits
for the self-serving exploiters of the tourism industry?

No doubt they will trot out the mindless and false mantra that all that extra
money trickles down to the rest of the community. The truth of the matter is
that trickle dries up long before it reaches the bottom of the heap, where the
people who actually own the country live.

We are also told that tourism creates jobs - and it does, but not the
high-paying jobs our low-wage economy needs. To make matters much worse, there
seems to be an assumption that the required infrastructure will be provided by
taxpayers, ratepayers, or offshore investors. Apart from the obvious flow of
profits offshore, if the latter group gets involved, any additional
infrastructure required by the tourism industry should be paid for by that
industry, not the rest of the community, who already make a significant
contribution in loss of the quiet enjoyment of their countryside.

Luckily, we have the opportunity to see just what problems such an influx of
visitors will create when an extra 10,000 Chinese tourists come to Queenstown
this year.

Our Government won a major contract to host winners of a sales competition for a
major Chinese company, and their top sales people will be flown to New Zealand
as a reward for hard work. It is expected to inject $50 million into the New
Zealand economy and that can only be positive. The tourists will arrive into
Queenstown in groups of 500 during the autumn off-peak tourism season. Their
visits will be spread over four months.

Queenstown Mayor Vanessa van Uden has said the town was grateful and would repay
the kindness when the tourists arrived and her community is very good at that.

For places like Queenstown, which have been extensively redesigned over past
decades to host tourists, such an influx is grist to the mill. But other centres
are designed and managed for the people who actually live there. Believe it or
not, some of these communities don't see huge numbers of tourists in a positive
light. They have to clean up after them, dodge them on the roads and tolerate
their poor behaviour.

We need to be doing much more than simply throwing the doors to New Zealand open
to endless crowds of tourists who will jam up our scenic places, pose a danger
on our roads and put unbearable pressure on limited infrastructure. We need to
plan carefully and wisely and those plans must include a cap on visitor numbers.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            May 15, 1996, Wednesday

Imports leave French gourmets choking over their truffles

BYLINE: From Ben Macintyre in Paris

SECTION: Overseas news

LENGTH: 414 words


THE traditionalists of French gastronomy are fighting a valiant rearguard action
to ensure that the country's greatest delicacies, from mustard to truffles, are
produced in France.

Almost all the seeds in the celebrated Dijon mustard are imported from Canada,
the famed black truffle of the Dordogne is facing stiff competition from Chinese
rivals, and French viticulteurs are battling a swelling tide of wines from the
Antipodes and Americas.

For some purists, the influx of what are considered traditional French foods
from foreign parts is even more insidious than the erosion of the French
language feared by the Academie Francaise.

The three biggest mustard-makers in France have now banded together with the
Agriculture Ministry in a project to develop a high-yield strain of mustard that
would be viable for French farmers and turn the fields of Burgundy yellow again.

Agricultural production of mustard virtually died out in the Dijon region two
decades ago, as farmers found it more economical to grow other crops, and makers
of the condiment turned to mass mustard-producers in North America.

More than Pounds 1 million has been spent on research so far and the consortium
hopes to have 12,500 acres under production in the Dijon region, meeting almost
one-third of French mustard needs by 2000. An additional lure is the prospect of
creating an appellation controlee system similar to that for wine, cider and
camembert, which would guarantee that the product was Dijon mustard from
Burgundy'', as distinct from Dijon mustard from Saskatchewan.

Revitalising the French truffle industry is an even more daunting task, since
science has yet to reveal the secret of how to grow them, although the French
Government is financing research. In recent years the price of French truffles
has steadily risen as the quantity has declined. A black truffle can cost as
much as Pounds 180 a pound.

Trying to persuade French farmers to plant oak trees and then wait to see if the
elusive fungus appears in the roots is even harder than convincing them to turn
back to mustard. However, if France cannot produce enough of its own truffles,
it is certainly not going to stand idle while entrepreneurs from Eastern Europe
or China fill the gap.

Some experts insist that a non-French truffle is a contradiction in terms and
insipid to boot, but already, as The Economist reported recently, there is talk
of truffle quotas'' in the south of France.


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 Times Newspapers Limited


                              494 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            December 19, 2008 Friday
                                  SC1 Edition

As dole queues grow, 5,000 more migrants are given work visas

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 573 words


THOUSANDS more Bulgarian and Romanian workers will be allowed into Britain next
year, despite soaring unemployment here.

Home Office officials say immigrant agricultural workers are needed to fill gaps
in the unskilled labour market which have left farmers struggling to harvest
crops.

But critics demanded to know last night why unemployed Britons could not be
persuaded to provide the manpower instead of languishing at home on benefits.

Ministers have decided to retain restrictions introduced when Romania and
Bulgaria joined the EU last year - which bar most unskilled labourers from
taking jobs here - because of the worsening economic picture in Britain.

Self-employed or skilled workers must have job offers to be able to come to
Britain from those countries.

But a limited number of sixmonth work permits are issued for low-skilled
labourers to pick crops, under the Seasonal Agricultural Workers Scheme. This is
to be expanded next year from 16,500 workers to 21,250.

The Home Office decision follows recommendations from the Migration Advisory
Committee, based on evidence from the farming industry.

Sir Andrew Green, chairman of the MigrationWatch think-tank, said: 'It is a pity
there are not stronger incentives for unemployed British workers to do the
agricultural work.

'For a married man with two children, the difference between working at the
minimum wage and unemployment benefits is less than £20 per week. That is hardly
enough to pay the bus fare to work.' UK unemployment hit 1.86million this week,
but despite thousands of Britons losing their jobs in recent weeks, few are
prepared to take low-paid, gruelling work in open fields.

The Migration Advisory Committee urged the Home Office to keep the other
restrictions in place, to avoid another huge influx.

When eight other eastern European states joined the EU five years ago the
Government opted to allow a free-for-all, with open access to the UK jobs
market.

That decision led to an unprecedented influx of more than a million workers from

TELL US WHAT YOU THINK AT www.dailymail.co.uk/debate

Poland and other countries - making a nonsense of the Government's prediction
that only 13,000 a year would arrive and putting a massive strain on local
services in many areas.

Yesterday ministers accepted the MAC recommendation that existing curbs on
Romanian and Bulgarian workers should stay for now, although EU rules mean they
must be scrapped completely by 2014.

Committee chairman Professor

David Metcalf said the curbs must stay to protect British jobs during the
recession.

There are around 67,000 Romanian and Bulgarian workers in Britain, according to
recent figures. But the countries have a combined population of 30million, high
unemployment and some of the lowest wages in the EU, raising the prospect of
another massive influx here when the restrictions are lifted.

While the crop-pickers quota will grow, a similar scheme for 3,500
food-processing workers will stay the same, and the MAC rejected calls for new
schemes to cover care home workers The cross-party Balanced Migration group
welcomed the decision to keep most restrictions in place.

Co-chairmen Labour MP Frank Field and Tory Nicholas Soames said: 'Now the
Government needs to act to tighten up other immigration controls, so that
foreign workers cannot come here "on spec" to look for work, and also to ensure
that all jobs are advertised in the UK first - and cannot be given straight to
foreign workers'.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Citizen (Dar es Salaam)

                            January 31, 2011 Monday

Invest More in Farming [editorial]

LENGTH: 230  words


As local and foreign investment is concentrated in the urban areas, hundreds of
thousands of young Tanzanians are leaving the rural areas annually to seek
employment in the towns.

The migration is rapid, taking into consideration the fact that nearly 50 per
cent of rural householders live below the poverty line, compared with 38 per
cent in the urban areas.

Dar es Salaam's population increases by nearly 200,000 annually, with the
authorities unable to provide adequate social services and amenities such as
infrastructure. It's generally acknowledged that about three-quarters of the
city dwellers are squatters.

Other urban areas are also finding it difficult coping with an influx of
immigrants. It is small wonder crime levels are high and epidemics frequently
break out in the crowded urban areas.

A plan by the UN Food and Agriculture and the government to create employment in
rural areas, where the majority of Tanzanians live, is, therefore, encouraging
and needs support.

Equipping rural youngsters with skills, knowledge and inputs will go a long way
in improving agriculture. However, it is essential to build strong and adequate
infrastructure to store crops and ease transportation to marketplaces.

Farmers should also keep abreast of market trends, prices and competition to
survive and prosper. In so doing the tide of rural-urban migration will be
minimised or reversed.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      December 28, 2015 Monday 8:45 PM GMT

Irish are descendants from early farmers from the Middle East and metalworkers
from the Black Sea region;
By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered

BYLINE: By Tony Whitfield

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


The Irish are descendant from early farmers from the Middle East and
metalworkers from the Black Sea region.

By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology, with scientists divided.

Some argue the great transition in Ireland and Britain from hunter-gatherers to
farming and then from the stone to metal age was due to local adoption of new
ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people.

By sequencing the first genomes from ancient Irish humans from different eras,
scientists found unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it
changed.

Prof Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said: "There was a great wave of
genome change that swept into Europe from above the Black Sea into Bronze Age
Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the shores of its most westerly
island."

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads Bronze metalworking and may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language.

Geneticists from Trinity College and archaeologists from Queen's University
Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near Belfast
some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island from a
later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze Age after the introduction of
metalworking. Ireland has intriguing genetics lying at the edge of many European
genetic gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose
tolerance, the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic
diseases including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage was unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      December 28, 2015 Monday 8:00 PM GMT

Irish are descendants from early farmers from the Middle East and metalworkers
from the Black Sea region;
By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered

BYLINE: By Tony Whitfield

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


The Irish are descendant from early farmers from the Middle East and
metalworkers from the Black Sea region.

By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology, with scientists divided.

Some argue the great transition in Ireland and Britain from hunter-gatherers to
farming and then from the stone to metal age was due to local adoption of new
ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people.

By sequencing the first genomes from ancient Irish humans from different eras,
scientists found unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it
changed.

Prof Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said: "There was a great wave of
genome change that swept into Europe from above the Black Sea into Bronze Age
Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the shores of its most westerly
island."

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads Bronze metalworking and may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language.

Geneticists from Trinity College and archaeologists from Queen's University
Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near Belfast
some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island from a
later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze Age after the introduction of
metalworking. Ireland has intriguing genetics lying at the edge of many European
genetic gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose
tolerance, the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic
diseases including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage was unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      December 28, 2015 Monday 8:00 PM GMT

Irish are descendants from early farmers from the Middle East and metalworkers
from the Black Sea region;
By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered

BYLINE: By Tony Whitfield

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


The Irish are descendant from early farmers from the Middle East and
metalworkers from the Black Sea region.

By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology, with scientists divided.

Some argue the great transition in Ireland and Britain from hunter-gatherers to
farming and then from the stone to metal age was due to local adoption of new
ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people.

By sequencing the first genomes from ancient Irish humans from different eras,
scientists found unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it
changed.

Prof Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said: "There was a great wave of
genome change that swept into Europe from above the Black Sea into Bronze Age
Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the shores of its most westerly
island."

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads Bronze metalworking and may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language.

Geneticists from Trinity College and archaeologists from Queen's University
Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near Belfast
some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island from a
later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze Age after the introduction of
metalworking. Ireland has intriguing genetics lying at the edge of many European
genetic gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose
tolerance, the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic
diseases including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage was unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      December 28, 2015 Monday 5:48 PM GMT

Irish are descendants from early farmers from the Middle East and metalworkers
from the Black Sea region;
By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered

BYLINE: By Tony Whitfield

SECTION: NEWS,IRISH NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


The Irish are descendant from early farmers from the Middle East and
metalworkers from the Black Sea region.

By using genetic time travel on the remains of ancient people from more than
5,000 years ago, our origins have been uncovered.

Migration remains a hot topic in archaeology, with scientists divided.

Some argue the great transition in Ireland and Britain from hunter-gatherers to
farming and then from the stone to metal age was due to local adoption of new
ways.

Others contest these influences were derived from influxes of new people.

By sequencing the first genomes from ancient Irish humans from different eras,
scientists found unequivocal evidence of mass migrations into Ireland as it
changed.

Prof Dan Bradley of Trinity College Dublin said: "There was a great wave of
genome change that swept into Europe from above the Black Sea into Bronze Age
Europe and we now know it washed all the way to the shores of its most westerly
island."

These genetic influxes brought cultural changes including moving to settled
farmsteads Bronze metalworking and may have even been the origin of western
Celtic language.

Geneticists from Trinity College and archaeologists from Queen's University
Belfast sequenced the genome of an early farmer woman, who lived near Belfast
some 5,200 years ago.

They also carried out a DNA analysis of three men found on Rathlin Island from a
later period, around 4,000 years ago in the Bronze Age after the introduction of
metalworking. Ireland has intriguing genetics lying at the edge of many European
genetic gradients with world maxima for the variants that code for lactose
tolerance, the western European Y chromosome type, and several important genetic
diseases including one of excessive iron retention, called haemochromatosis.

Until now the origins of this heritage was unknown.

The early farmer has a majority ancestry originating ultimately in the Middle
East, where agriculture was invented.

The Bronze Age genomes are different again with about a third of their ancestry
coming from ancient sources in the Pontic Steppe.

What do you think? Let us know in the comment section below

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved
