
                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 therecord.com

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Farm income to drop slightly this year, but still robust, says government

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


OTTAWA - Farm incomes are predicted to drop slightly this year, while remaining
at historically high levels.

In its annual income forecast issued Wednesday, Agriculture Canada said
aggregate net cash income will slip five per cent this year to $12.6 billion,
but will still be 23 per cent above the average for the period of 2008-2012.

It says farm-level average net operating income will similarly decline by five
per cent to $65,243.

Crop receipts are forecast to total $29.1 billion in 2014, three per cent below
the projection for 2013, but 17 per cent higher than the 2008-2012 average.

"It is expected that there will be higher grain and oilseed marketings, but
lower prices," the report said. "Increased marketings will result from large
carry-in stocks that farmers held following the record harvest of 2013."

Western farmers have been complaining about a rail transport backlog that's
slowing the movement of grain - one of the factors, department officials said,
contributing to lower prices and higher stocks.

Grain farmers produced a record crop of 96.5 million tonnes of grain in 2013 due
to historically high yields and ideal weather conditions.

Aggregate farm cash receipts for livestock are forecast at $21.5 billion in
2014, just below the record level of 2013.

"Relatively low supplies of cattle in North America and expectations of
increased heifer retention should translate into fewer animals available for
slaughter and higher cattle prices in 2014," the report said.

Hog prices in Canada should increase slightly due to tight U.S. supplies. There
may also be ripples from the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus that hit the U.S.
last year and which has been found in Canada recently.

Agriculture officials say they are watching the virus, but they add that
Canadian producers generally have strong safeguards in place to keep the disease
out of their barns.

Egg producers and chicken farmers are expected to see declines of nine per cent
and eight per cent respectively, due to lower prices resulting from lower feed
costs.

In 2014, program payments are forecast to rise by eight per cent, or $199
million, to a total of $2.8 billion.

"These latest forecasts show how the agriculture sector continues to be a strong
driver of the Canadian economy," said Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz.

"Canada's agriculture and food industry has grown into a modern,
technologically-advanced, export-oriented sector that is among the elite
performers in today's highly competitive global marketplace, and the outlook is
bright for our farmers."

For 2013, the department expects net farm incomes will be just shy of the
historical peak seen in 2012, despite a reduction in program payments and a
decline in crop prices in the fall.

Net cash income for 2013 is projected to total $13.2 billion, only one per cent
lower than in 2012. Farm-level average net operating income is forecast to be
$68,498, an all-time high.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 16, 1985

Farming profits up / Figures from the Ministry of Agriculture

BYLINE: By ROSEMARY COLLINS, Agriculture Correspondent

LENGTH: 176 words


Farm incomes rose by 22 per cent last year but remain 8 per cent below the
record level of 1982, according to the Ministry of Agriculture.

The figures conceal wide variations between different sectors. Dairy farmers
fared badly in 1984 because of the introduction of milk quotas, and the dry
summer, and their output fell by 6 per cent.


In real terms dairy farmers' incomes are forecast by the ministry to fall in the
current farm year to 50 per cent of their 1982/3 level.

Arable farmers, saw their incomes rocket in 1984 because of the record 26.5
milliontonne grain harvest in the UK.

Oilseed rape growers had a particularly good year in 1984, with production up 64
per cent because of increased acreage, and sugar beet was the second most
successful non-cereal crop of the year.

Pigs and poultry were profitable after several years of gloom, deficit and
bankruptcy. The nation's beef herd remained static numerically, but the number
of cattle slaughtered rose by 8 per cent, a reflection of anxiety in the dairy
sector.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   April 10, 2004 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Rural aid available for fixing, buying homes;
Low-, moderate-income levels qualify.

BYLINE: Tribune Staff Report

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 332 words


Extra help is available for those with moderate and low income who want to buy
or repair their homes in the rural parts of St. Joseph, LaPorte, Lake, Porter
and Jasper counties.

It's not a new program, but the U.S. Department of Agriculture has recently
passed along some extra funds.

To qualify, the house you are fixing or buying must be within certain boundaries
as determined by the USDA. In St. Joseph County, it is roughly to the south of
Roosevelt Road and west of Rush Road, but the line wiggles to include a chunk of
Crumstown.

Here are the various types of aid:

Home repair loans will be given for emergency needs since funds are limited,
said Steven Ballard, manager for Rural Development, a USDA program based out of
LaPorte.

If you are age 62 or older and cannot repay a loan, you can seek a repair grant,
but only to remove health or safety hazards or to make the home accessible.

To qualify for either the grant or loan in St. Joseph and LaPorte counties, your
annual income must be less than $20,100 for a single person and $28,700 for a
family of four. The income requirements are different in the other counties.

Rural Development is also offering loans to buy, build or repair a home, though
folks with higher income can apply for these.

To qualify in St. Joseph and LaPorte counties, your annual income must be less
than $32,150 for a single person and $45,900 for a family of four. The income
limit varies in other counties.

The loan's interest rate is 6 1/8 percent, but a subsidy can lower it to 1
percent depending on the person's income and other factors.

The home must have a price of less than $144,500, Ballard said.

The USDA provided an additional $4.4 million statewide for this program.

For more information or to see if you qualify for any of this aid, contact Rural
Development at (219) 324-6303, ext. 4, or e-mail at Steven.Ballard@in.usda.gov.
Or write to the office at 100 Legacy Plaza West, LaPorte, IN 46350.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                     February 2, 2013 Saturday 5:55 AM GMT

Thousands of Northern Ireland farmers could be forced out of business

BYLINE: By Linda Stewart

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 743 words


Thousands of farmers in Northern Ireland could be forced out of business because
of a collapse in their personal income.

Last year was the worst for agriculture in recent memory with shocking figures
revealing total farm income has plummeted by more than 50% across the sector.

The Ulster Farmers Union says the "horrendous" income figures from the
Department of Agriculture confirm farmers' worst fears.

Farmers said they were hit by a toxic combination of poor weather, rising feed
costs and a strengthening of sterling against the euro.

The shock statistics revealed that total income from farming in Northern Ireland
decreased from £290m in 2011 to £143m in 2012.

Farmers say large retailers must increase the prices they pay, arguing that in
many cases the agricultural sector is getting paid less for food than it costs
to produce.

"It could be argued that the income estimates published today merely confirm
what everyone in the farming community already knows - that 2012 was an
exceptionally difficult year for farmers. However, the sheer scale of the fall
in incomes is both shocking and deeply concerning," Agriculture Minister
Michelle O'Neill said.

"During 2012, a number of factors converged to produce what can only be
described as a toxic combination.

"On top of poor weather conditions throughout much of the growing season, we had
a rise in feed costs and a strengthening of sterling against the euro which both
adversely affected Single Farm Payment receipts and held back producer prices.

"As painful as these events have been, we have to accept that world cereal
harvests, local weather conditions and exchange rate movements are factors which
fall completely outside our control. It is imperative that we continue to build
an industry that has the strength and resilience to withstand such set-backs,"
she added.

UFU president Harry Sinclair said the scale of the collapse in farm incomes will
leave many families questioning whether the food supply chain can ever deliver a
sustainable income for them.

"Since the middle of last year the UFU have been highlighting just how bad the
situation is for farmers, with costs increasing, farmgate prices falling and bad
weather compounding an already difficult situation, and yet retailers and
processors have refused to respond to the developing crisis," he said. "The
implication for the economy and jobs is stark."

Mr Sinclair pointed out that with £292m of EU farm support more than double the
farm income figure for 2012, EU support is imperative.

"Anyone who thinks that we can rely on the market alone to solve the industry's
problems is seriously deluded," he said.

UUP agriculture spokeswoman Jo-Anne Dobson accused the Department of Agriculture
of a cavalier indifference to farmers.

"Whilst the minister confirms her concern and disappointment, she must share
responsibility for this drastic drop in farm incomes.

"Her department continues to take actions which only heap added pressure onto an
industry already at breaking point."

Retailers must pay fair price or we die

By Harry Sinclair

The scale and extent of the collapse in farm incomes in 2012 will leave many
farming families questioning whether the food supply chain will ever deliver a
sustainable income for them.

Since the middle of last year the UFU has been highlighting just how bad the
situation is for farmers, with costs increasing, farmgate prices falling and bad
weather compounding an already difficult situation. Yet retailers and processors
have refused to respond to the developing crisis.

While we have seen reports about the continuing growth and resilience of the
agri-food sector, it is obvious that whatever benefits have accrued, they have
completely passed by farmers.

Government has been relying on the Agri-Food Strategy Board to deliver a
sustainable way forward. But it is clear the first issue is how long farmers
will be able to continue to produce below-cost. The implications are stark.

With £292m of EU farm support, more than double the farm income figure for 2012,
the importance of continued EU support in the form of an acceptable CAP deal is
imperative. Anyone who thinks we can rely on the market to solve our problems is
deluded.

Farmers are fed up with advertising campaigns claiming that local farmers are
supported. These figures prove that farmers are in fact being taken for granted
by retailers and food processors. This attitude has to change.

Harry Sinclair is president of the Ulster Farmers' Union

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2013 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                 June 25, 2010

BYLINE: Caroline Stocks

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


The European Commission is considering plans for a publicly-funded insurance
scheme for farmers' incomes.

European Agriculture Commissioner Dacian Ciolos said legislation was needed to
ensure a minimum income for farmers after the European Union gave up the
majority of its market support mechanisms.

Part of the plans to reform the Common Agricultural Policy post-2013, proposals
for the scheme could be ready for discussion by the Commission later in the
year, he said.

It is hoped the move would bolster European farm incomes, which have
deteriorated over the past decade thanks to poor market conditions and rising
input costs.

According to EU farmers' group Copa-Cogeca, average incomes in agriculture were
about 50% less than those in other sectors, with two-thirds of farmers' earnings
coming from direct payments under the CAP.

Speaking in Brussels on Monday (21 July), Mr Ciolos also revealed plans to
create an agency to promote produce from the European agri-food industry.

But UKIP East of England MEP Stuart Agnew said the income insurance plans were a
"massive bureaucratic challenge" that the EU would ultimately fail to deliver
on.

"It is sure to create yet another army of administrators with the associated
corruption and waste that we regularly see in EU schemes," he said.

"The British taxpayer will get poor value out of an EU income insurance scheme
and, because of our status as net contributors, half of our contributions toward
the proposed food promotion agency would be spent on promoting the produce of
other EU countries."

He said he was "reflecting seriously" on the need for a specific agency with its
own budget to promote European food around the world.

"I think it's important to be more positively aggressive in the world market
with our products," he said.

It was even more important given the increased openness of EU agriculture to
global commodity markets, he added.

caroline.stocks@rbi.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2010 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                               December 28, 2012

Pawar: Explore PPP model in agriculture on a large scale

LENGTH: 164  words


New  Delhi: India should explore the Public- Private- Parternship model on a
large scale in the 12th Five Year Plan (2012-17) to sustain momentum of  higher
foodgrain production in the coming years, Agriculture Minister  Sharad Pawar
said. He also said higher investment in agriculture and  allied sectors was
necessary to achieve food security and improve farm  incomes. Besides, APMC Acts
need to be amended to encourage setting up  of private markets and contract
farming. Addressing the 57th meeting of  National Development Council (NDC),
Pawar said: "The private public  partnership (PPP) model should be explored on a
larger and wider scale."  Prime Minister Manmohan Singh emphasised on the need
to shift large  surplus farmers to non-agriculture sector, saying per capita
income of  farmers would rise only when fewer people engage in farming. He also
said farmers' income and agri-land yields need to be enhanced to meet  the
growing foodgrains demand in the coming years.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

               March 2, 1994, Wednesday, DAILY: PRAIRIES EDITION

Farmers demand role in shaping support plan

BYLINE: Ashley Geddes For The Financial Post

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: Edmonton, Alta.


Farmers are demanding to be at the negotiating table for the development of a
new farm income support program.

Delegates at the Canadian Federation of Agriculture's annual meeting yesterday
said they will launch a nationwide effort aimed at ensuring farmers have a
direct voice in plans to establish a broader ''whole-farm'' program to replace a
series of existing income support programs.

Delegates voted unanimously to ''vigorously seek'' a commitment from federal
Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale to establish a national safety net committee,
to include representatives of the farm community, as well as federal and
provincial governments.

The committee must consider ''in an open and honest manner'' all options for
developing ''proposals of a general income protection program,'' the resolution
said.

''That has to get sorted out or it's unacceptable,'' said federation president
Jack Wilkinson.

''All hell's going to break loose, quite frankly, if (governments) think that
they can go through a change in these programs without the farmers being there
and agreeing to whatever's taking place.''

The resolution instructs the federation to send Goodale a letter demanding
action. Provincial agriculture ministers will also be lobbied to build support
for farmer participation.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN, PROFILE

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                      January 20, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Chinese Embassy in Nepal: China's 11 No.1 Central Documents on Agriculture

LENGTH: 877  words


Beijing, Jan. 20 -- The Chinese government on Sunday unveiled its first policy
document for 2014, underscoring more rural reforms and planning the development
of modern agriculture.

The No. 1 Central Document comes from the Central Committee of the Communist
Party of China and the State Council, the Cabinet.



China will improve the mechanisms for safeguarding food security, seek
sustainable agricultural growth while balancing rural and urban development,
deepening rural land reforms and promoting financial support for rural areas,
the document said.

This is the 11th consecutive year that the No. 1 document has focused on rural
issues. The 10 previous documents were as follows:

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 31, 2013, put the theme on "speeding
up the modernization of agriculture and further strengthening the vitality of
rural growth."

It listed ensuring grain security and supplies of major farm produce as the top
priority in developing modern agriculture.

Policies to speed up the transfer of rural land and offer more subsidies to
family farms and farmer's cooperatives were promised, in an effort to develop
large-scale farming.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Feb. 1, 2012, took "accelerating the
scientific and technological innovation to strengthen supply of agricultural
products" as its theme.

The document underscored the role technology plays in ensuring sustained
agricultural growth and effective supply of agricultural products.

China should promote industrialization, urbanization and agricultural
modernization simultaneously, and roll out more policies to strengthen
agriculture, benefit farmers, and enrich rural areas. It should work hard to
yield a good harvest, increase farmers' incomes and maintain the social harmony
and stability in rural areas, the document said.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 29, 2011, took "accelerating
development of water conservancy" as its theme.

The document set a target of improving the country's underdeveloped water
conservancy works over the following five to 10 years. It said the government
would double average annual spending on water conservancy over the subsequent 10
years.

Weaknesses in water infrastructure exposed by floods and drought brought
promises of effective flood control and drought relief systems by the end of
2020.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 31, 2010, took "speeding up
coordinated development between urban and rural areas and further cementing
foundation of agricultural and rural area development" as its theme, promising
more investment, subsidies, fiscal and policy supports into rural areas in 2010
and improvement of the livelihoods of rural residents.

The document called for more efforts to maintain grain production, increase
farmers' incomes and development momentum in rural areas.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Feb. 1, 2009, took "achieving steady
agricultural development and sustained income increases for farmers" as its
theme.

The document highlighted challenges posed by the global downturn to agricultural
and rural development. It urged authorities to take resolute measures to avoid
declining grain production and to ensure the steady expansion of agriculture and
rural stability.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 30, 2008, took "fortifying the
foundation of agriculture" as its theme.

The document ordered rapid development of an enduring mechanism for
consolidating the foundation of agriculture, calling for more efforts to
guarantee grain product safety and a balance between supply and demand, and
between various grain products.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 29, 2007, had "developing modern
agriculture and steadily promoting the construction of a new socialist
countryside" as its theme.

Modern equipment, science and technology, industrial systems, management and
development ideas should be nurtured to improve the quality, economic returns
and competitiveness of agriculture, the document said.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Feb. 21, 2006, took "constructing a new
socialist countryside" as its theme.

The document said constructing a new socialist countryside was the foremost task
facing China in the 2006-2010 five-year period.

It urged for more efforts in coordinating the development of urban and rural
areas, developing modern agriculture, boosting farmers' incomes, enhancing rural
infrastructure, promoting social causes in rural areas and deepening rural
reforms.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Jan. 30, 2005, took "strengthening rural
work and improving the overall production capacity of agriculture" as its theme.


China planned to bring into full play farmers and local governments' initiatives
of increasing grain production and boost financial, governmental and
technological support for the agriculture sector with the aim to improve
agricultural production capacity.

The No. 1 Central Document issued on Feb. 8, 2004, set out to "boost farmers'
incomes".

The document stressed that raising farmer's incomes was a significant issue both
economically and politically. It prescribed measures including adjusting
agricultural structure, increasing jobs for farmers, enhancing rural investment,
deepening rural reforms, and advancing agriculture-related science and
technology.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Senior farmers market coupons available

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


EUREKA &GT;&GT; Area 1 Agency on Aging is again joining with the California
Department of Food and Agriculture to distribute "Senior Farmers Market
Nutrition Program" coupons to older adults. Each eligible recipient will receive
a free coupon booklet worth $20 (ten $2 coupons) that can be redeemed at
certified farmers markets throughout Humboldt and Del Norte counties to purchase
fresh fruits and vegetables.

Coupons will be distributed on June 16 at Area 1 Agency on Aging, 434 Seventh
St. The distribution starts at 9 a.m. and will continue until either 11:30 a.m.
or the supply of coupons is exhausted, whichever comes first.

Those eligible for coupons must be at least 60 years old and their income cannot
exceed 185 percent of the federal poverty guidelines. A single person's income
cannot exceed $1,800 per month. A two-person family's income cannot exceed
$2,426 per month.

People who would like to participate but have limited mobility may appoint a
proxy to pick up coupons or shop on their behalf. Proxy forms are available at
Area 1 Agency on Aging and must be signed by the recipient prior to receiving
coupons. It is highly recommended that the proxy be completed prior to June 16.

The Senior Farmers Market Nutrition Program is a program of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service that awards grants to states, United
States territories, and federally-recognized Indian tribal governments. Its
purpose is to provide resources to low-income seniors in the form of fresh,
nutritious, unprepared, locally grown fruits, vegetables, honey and herbs from
farmers markets, roadside stands and community supported agriculture (CSA)
programs to low-income seniors. It also aims to help expand farmers markets,
stands and CSAs, and to help develop additional programs. Benefits are provided
to eligible recipients for use during the harvest season, which is generally May
through October, and serves more than 880,000 seniors each year.

According to the program website, there are certain foods that are not eligible
for purchase with the coupons, including dried fruits or vegetables, such as
prunes, raisins, sun-dried tomatoes or dried chili peppers; potted fruit or
vegetable plants, potted or dried herbs; wild rice; nuts; eggs, meat, cheese or
seafood; and maple syrup, cider or molasses.

For more information, call A1AA at 442-3763, extension 200.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Laura Rhinehart, right, uses a coupon from the Senior Farmers Market
Nutrition Program to buy produce from Xaviar Slevin, left, and Amy Barnes of
Luna Farm in Willow Creek at the farmers market in Old Town Eureka. Coupons will
be distributed again on June 16 at the Area 1 Agency on Aging, 434 Seventh St.
in Eureka, from 9 to 11:30 a.m. or until they're gone, whichever comes first.
The 20 in coupons can be used to purchase fresh produce at local farmers
markets.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Poor greens

LENGTH: 1034 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Oct. 17 -- Bhairab Raj Kaini

More from Author

Poor greens

Capital concern

Why import food?

Farmer friendly

Why the haste?

Since most farmers in Nepal still rely on traditional farming productivity is
low and farming seasonal

In the Nepali context, there is direct link between agriculture and poverty
reduction. Nepal is still heavily reliant on agriculture and rural folks are
mostly engaged in agriculture for their income. In fact, agriculture is the
principal occupation of more than 60 percent of the country's labor force. Of
the country's total income, 48 percent is related to farm activities, while 52
percent comes from non-farm sources.

But although agriculture is playing a crucial role in poverty reduction by
employing the poor and the unskilled, it is difficult to calculate its exact
contribution. The impact of agriculture on poverty reduction depends on several
factors. Furthermore, agriculture also contributes to poverty reduction by
stimulating growth in secondary and tertiary sectors.

Nepali agriculture is dominated by smallholders, and the growth of this sector
in the past 10 years has been a modest 3.2 percent. Under the pressure of
population growth and division of family farms, the average size of landholdings
has been steadily falling. While the percentage of the total holdings operating
less than 0.5 ha of land was 40 in 1995/96, it is 50 percent now. These small
farmers may not be wealthy. But they can certainly work to reduce their poverty,
to improve their livelihoods and be more self-dependent. The government has been
carrying out poverty reduction activities with these people in mind since 1970s.

In fact, poverty alleviation has been the most prioritized government agenda
since the 1990s. Poverty reduction was one of the main objectives of the Eight-
(1992-1997) and Ninth-Five-Year Plans (1997-2002). The tenth, also known as the
Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper (PRSP, 2002-2007), clearly mentioned poverty
alleviation as the country's single big objective. Long-term targets and
development indicators were set accordingly.

As a result, as per the Millennium Development Goal Progress Report 2013, yearly
poverty reduction rate was 1.5 percent between 1996 and 2004; climbing to 2.5
percent between 2004 and 2013.

The poverty reduction programs, which are mostly agriculture related, have been
implemented by various agencies such as government ministries and departments,
cooperatives, NGOs and donor agencies. Hence there is always an issue of
coordination among these agencies. There are also institutional duplications,
especially in social mobilization and group formation for specific
interventions. The agencies implementing agriculture related programs without
cooperation with the ministry of agriculture face many technical problems as
well.

The Ministry of Federal Affairs and Local Development has also been implementing
several rural poverty alleviation programs. Its Local Governance and Community
Development Program (LGCDP) is supported by 15 donors. The Poverty Alleviation
Fund (PAF), established in 2003, is implementing special poverty targeted
programs involving the poor and disadvantaged groups and is financed by the
government through the World Bank.

Most of poverty reduction programs of PAF are agriculture related but it does
not have adequate agriculturists to back-up these programs. Similarly, many
programs of the Ministry of Women, Child, and Social Welfare related to
agriculture are also directed at poverty alleviation. This ministry also faces
the same technical problems.

The Micro-enterprise Development Program of UNDP is also creating employment and
income opportunities for the rural poor by providing skill and business training
and other support. But although there are many I/NGOS working for poverty
reduction, most of their programs are focused on inputs rather than tangible
results. They are more concerned with receiving and allocating funds.

Most wage-employment and self-employment programs of the Ministry of Agriculture
are targeted at rural poverty, as the prevalence of the poverty is high in rural
areas. Goat farming and bee keeping on small scales, for example, create
self-employment and generate income for poor farmers unable to invest in other
subsectors. Poor rural women are also playing important roles as unpaid family
workers in these endeavors.

Cereal crops and vegetable farming integrated with livestock is a characteristic
feature of Nepali agriculture. In such subsistence agriculture, family labor,
exchange labor and hired labor are extensively used. In commercial farming there
is great involvement of hired labor.

The vegetable sector has an immense poverty reduction potential because of its
high productivity, quick returns and unmet domestic demand. The sector also has
high the potential to benefit disadvantaged communities. Similarly, livestock is
important for producing nutritious food, and for generating income and
employment.

But ultimately poverty reduction calls for full employment for the poor with
decent wages.

For this, high-tech farming along with crop diversification is required. People
in Nepal still rely on traditional farming methods and so productivity is low
and farming activities seasonal. To increase productivity and provide full
employment, there should be greater use of modern technology.

Equally important is ensuring poor people's access to land and other production
inputs, which in turn will increase both their income and consumption. Promotion
of micro-enterprise in agriculture, likewise, has been identified as a tool for
reducing poverty of women and disadvantaged groups.

However, all the agencies involved in implementation of agricultural programs
for poverty reduction are not using locally available technologies. That is why
their programs are not effective. Unless farmers are motivated to take up
farming as a commercial enterprise by enhancing their entrepreneurial skill,
poverty in Nepal cannot be reduced in a sustainable way.

bhairabr@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            January 31, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Farmers milking it as s incomes soar incomes soar;
Price hike boosts dairy division but sector still reliant on EU subsidies

BYLINE: DAVID ELLIOTT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 60,61

LENGTH: 544 words


A HIKE in the price of milk has been hailed as the reason income from Northern
Ireland's farming industry soared by a third in 2013, according to new data.

Agriculture made £298m for the economy last year, a £75m uplift on the take for
2012, according to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.

A boost in the value of milk, a subsector of the industry which is by far the
most popular form of farming here, was behind much of the boost despite the
volume of milk produced remaining unchanged.

But despite the improving fortunes, the figures show farmers here are still
heavily reliant on Brussels to remain profitable.

The European Union paid farmers £259m in 2013 as part of the Single Farm
Payment, an annual subsidy paid on an acreage basis.

Without the payment, which comes under the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), the
industry would have made just £39m.

Its reliance on Brussels is an issue which hasn't gone unnoticed by Agriculture
Minister Michelle O'Neill (below).

"The importance of CAP support in the farm income figures is clear, with Single
Farm Payments accounting for 87% of total income," she said. "With every reform
of CAP, the threat of reductions in direct payments grows and I believe we must
work to improve the longterm competitiveness of our industry in order to reduce
our exposure on this front."

Still, the boost to farm incomes is impressive, particularly after the difficult
weather conditions faced by farmers through the year.

Output in every sector, from milk to beef to pigs to sheep to poultry, increased
during the year with total output topping £1.9bn, up 10% on the year.

Rising costs, which have been eating into margins over the last few years, were
also an issue but to a lesser extent this year. The total cost of production was
£1.5bn, up by 9% on the year.

The improving picture meant farm business reported a healthy increase in income
on the year.

Across all farm types it is expected to reach £30,976 in 2013-14, up £11,640 on
the year. Incomes for cereal farmers are expected to fall because of lower grain
prices, ironically a factor which will benefit livestock farmers.

Incomes vary across sectors with dairy farmers expected to bring in £63,000 and
lowland beef and sheep farmers expected to bring in just under £16,000.

The farming minister said these relatively buoyant times should be used as a
time to help plan for a future where EU payments may dwindle.

"As the industry gets back on track, we need to turn our attention to the
longer-term challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. It is time to begin to
take a more farsighted view on where we as an industry are and where we want to
go."

factfile Total income from farming over the years 2009 - £193m 2010 - £249m 2011
- £317m 2012 - £223m 2013 - £298m The value of milk production over the years
2009 - £354m 2010 - £471m 2011 - £544m 2012 - £520m 2013 - £628m

£298m The amount of money that agriculture made the economy last year

£1.9bn The total value of Northern Ireland's agricultural produce last year

£1.5bn The total input cost of Northern Ireland's agricultural produce last year

£30,976 How much the average farm business in Northern Ireland makes each year

£259m The total value of the Single Farm Payment paid by the EU to Northern
Ireland farmers

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Incomes vary across sectors with dairy farmers expected to earn £63k
annually

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     May 6, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Western farmers argue $3 billion in aid is needed

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. H7

LENGTH: 301 words

DATELINE: SASKATOON, SASKATCHEWAN


   SASKATOON (CP) - Western farmers need federal support payments of almost $3
billion for the crop year that starts Aug. 1, says Unifarm president Ralph
Jesperson.

That is about $1 billion more than the amounts being paid in the current year,
he said this week. Western farmers are getting $1 billion in a deficiency
payment and $984 million shelled out by the federal government through the
grain-income insurance plan.

Jesperson, as president of Unifarm, the umbrella organization of Alberta farm
groups, was one of 16 people meeting to devise strategy in anticipation of a
meeting with federal Agriculture Minister John Wise and Wheat Board Minister
Charlie Mayer in four to five weeks.

Participants at the meeting represented 95 per cent or more of Prairie farmers,
Jesperson said.

National groups such as the National Farmers Union and the Canadian Federation
of Agriculture were not invited because organizers wanted to formulate a
strictly Prairie position.

"We agreed that Western Canadian grain and oil-seed producers require income
-support programs to maintain incomes at 1985-86 levels," Jesperson said.
"Prices for grains and oil seeds are down 45 to 50 per cent compared to
1985-86."

The coalition has asked economists working with participating groups to come up
with exact figures on what help will be required of the government.

In the meantime, Jesperson estimated it is likely the government could have to
kick in about $3 billion to restore income levels to the 1985-86 level of $6
billion to $7 billion.

"We are saying the Western Grain Stabilization Program would be taken into
account," he said. "If the program makes payments of $1 billion, then there'd be
a need for another $2 billion in a deficiency payment."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income Forecasts

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income Forecasts for 2015
and 2016

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt to support rural youth for setting up agro-based businesses

BYLINE: Usman Cheema

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 358

LENGTH: 564  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSandR), Sikandar
Hayat Khan Bosan said on Friday that concerted efforts were being made to
improve farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and
industry.

"We are committed to increase the existing productivity to ensure better returns
to farmers," the minister said while addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture
Conference and Exhibition 2015" here.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for wellthought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked.

He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms for minimising cost
of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agroprocessors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agrobased businesses for improving
household livelihood.

Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas like livestock,
horticulture, and fisheries as well as nonfarm sector would benefit and this
would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and generate raw
material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country. "One dollar generated through agriculture
income is more effective in eradication of poverty than two to three dollars
earned from other sectors," he said while giving a detailed presentation on
state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5pc percent, the income
in urban areas automatically goes up by 8pc percent. So there is need that
proper attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector,
particularly the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty. In his
address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory Gottlieb
said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the promotion of
agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for opportunities to help
make Pakistan's future bright.

Later, the Chief Organiser of the conference, Hassan Murtaza Khan took the
dignitaries on visit of various stalls exhibiting agriculture products and
machinery. The stalls were set up by various farmers and organizations including
NARC, PATCO etc.

The twoday 'Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015' was organised
by KMK Global Limited where as being the apex body in agriculture research in
the country, PARC will facilitate the events.

The conference was attended by high officials from the Ministry for Food
Security and Research, PARC and National Agriculture Research Center (NARC).

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

Business - Increase in farming income heartening to see says minister

BYLINE: Simon Cunningham

SECTION: Pg. 51

LENGTH: 346 words


Farming income increased by a third last year as the agriculture industry
recovered from a torrid 2012.

According to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development (Dard), total
income rose 33.7 per cent to £298 million.

The total value of the sector, meanwhile, rose by 10 per cent to £1.9 billion.

Agriculture minister Michelle O'Neill said the figures were "heartening to see".

Dairy farms were the big winners with farm income predicted to have risen by 125
per cent on average to almost £63,000.

Meanwhile, there was a 12 per cent increase in the value of output of the
livestock sector as a whole in 2013 due primarily to a 21 per cent increase in
the value of dairy output.

There were big gains too for pig farms - up 47 per cent to more than £46,000 and
cattle and sheep lowland farm up 36 per cent to over £15,500.

Cereals farms are the only farm type expected to show a fall in income for
2013/14 - down 17 per cent to just more than £31,500 - mainly the result of
lower grain prices.

"After the collapse in farm incomes during 2012, it is heartening to see incomes
recovering. Last year did not begin well, with the heavy snow fall causing havoc
and the late spring leading to severe shortages in livestock fodder. However, a
decent summer helped to turn the situation around, particularly in the dairy
sector," Mrs O'Neill said.

"Currently farm input costs remain high for many farmers and I am aware that
more work needs to be done to improve performance across the entire farming
sector.

"The importance of CAP support in the farm income figures is clear, with Single
Farm Payments accounting for 87 per cent of total income. With every reform of
CAP, the threat of reductions in direct payments grows and I believe we must
work to improve the long-term competitiveness of our industry in order to reduce
our exposure on this front.

"As the industry gets back on track, we need to turn our attention to the longer
term challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. It is time to begin to take a
more far-sighted view on where we as an industry are and where we want to go."

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 1, 2012 Friday

Pakistan: Punjab govt tightening noose around potential agri taxpayers

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 1 -- Citing huge difference between the actual tax liability and
land based tax as assessed by the provincial revenue officers, the Punjab
government has taken fresh measures to ensure proper land revenue collection and
remove bottlenecks which have been causing loss of millions of rupees to the
exchequer aimed at bringing around 7,000 new land owners who are not paying
agriculture tax.

Documents available on the issue disclosed that the Punjab government would
onwards collect the land taxes on the basis of the data provided by the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR) as per the decision of Council of Common Interests (CCI)
meeting during which it was decided that FBR would share data with the provinces
to enable them identify potential tax payers.

The Punjab Chief Minister has already approved in principle the recommendations
forwarded by the CCI and which was later on deliberated upon the agriculture tax
issues by a committee constituted under Chairmanship of Minister for
Law/Revenue, Rana Sanaullah. This committee proposed strict enforcement of
Agriculture Income Tax Returns from every person having land measuring fifty
(50) acres or more of irrigated or hundred (100) acres or more of un-irrigated
land, or whose total agriculture income for the preceding income year exceeds
Rs.80,000.

Senior Member Board of Revenue and Secretary Punjab Revenue Department, Sami
Saeed, forwarded the recommendations of the committee for the consideration and
approval of the Provincial Cabinet. The enforcement campaign would be launched
in accordance with the data provided by the FBR to the provinces.

Board of Revenue Punjab maintained that analysis of cross matching of FBR data
vis-a-vis land based tax assessed by the revenue officers, shows a huge
discrepancy regarding the actual tax liability on the basis of declared income
as per record for FBR and the land based tax assessed and recovered by the field
formations. He said that since the imposition of the agriculture income tax law,
most of the persons are not filing the returns of agriculture income and tax is
being assessed on the basis of land Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Badal puts forth budget wishlist, wants to boost farm sector

LENGTH: 1204 words

DATELINE: New Delhi/Chandigarh


New Delhi/Chandigarh, Feb. 13 -- Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on
Thursday put forth his wish list for the next fiscal's General Budget. In New
Delhi, the 85-year-old Chief Minister met as many as five Union Ministers
flagging the State-specific demands.

Right from demanding excise duty exemption on farm machineries and interest-free
short term crop loans to small and marginal farmers, Badal sought a PGIMS for
the State, Centre's assistance in cancer eradication, funds for cities' overall
development, among other things.

Besides, Badal also reminded the Central Ministers regarding the announcements
made during the previous Budget which are yet to be realised.

Badal, meeting with the Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh, sought
exemption of excise duty on farm machineries and interest-free short term crop
loans to small and marginal farmers.

He also demanded income tax exemption to those involved in agriculture, dairy,
fisheries and other subsidiary activities besides raising the support price of
farm crops by 50 per cent of the production cost.

After discussing these issues with the Union Minister, Badal said, "Agriculture
and agriculturists are in a bad shape today. We have sought several measures
including implementation of the BJP party's election promise on MSP issue."

He said that the minimum support price (MSP) for agricultural crops should be
raised by 50 per cent of the production cost as suggested by the committee
headed by MS Swaminathan.

The MSP regime of procurement must continue to ensure continued food security
and "any change in this may lead to unrest among farmers", he said, adding that
the Centre should procure other crops like maize and provide financial
assistance to encourage crop diversification in the state.

Badal also discussed income tax and excise duty relaxation to strengthen
agriculture sector and urged the Union Minister to take up these issues with
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley. He demanded that "exemption of payment of central
excise on all agricultural implements including combine harvesters and their
parts, should be recommended to the Ministry of Finance".

Badal also sought income tax exemption to those involved in agriculture, dairy,
fisheries and other allied activities, reintroduction of income tax exemption
for state and central cooperative banks, and interest free crop loan for small
and marginal farmers.

"Recommendations should be made to the Finance Ministry for capital infusion to
state cooperative banks of Rs150 crore and to revise norms for relief for crop
damage due to natural calamities," he said.

SEEKS IRANI'S PERSONAL INTERVENTION TO EXPEDITE SITE FINALIsATION FOR IIM

Badal impressed upon the Union Human Resources Development Minister Smriti Irani
to expedite the process of constituting a site selection committee for
finalising the site of setting up Indian Institute of Management (IIM) at
Amritsar, announced in previous Budget.

He apprised Irani that the State Government has identified two sites for
Ministry's approval to setup IIM in Amritsar. "One site is of 192 acres land at
Awan village which is 40 kilometres from International Airport and other is in
Sheron Bagha village that is 50 kilometres from Amritsar," said Badal.

Responding, Irani said that Ministry has already finalised site selection
committee for IIM, which would finalise the site within a week after visiting
both the proposed sites by the State Government.

"The classes of the upcoming IIM would begin from the current session at Punjab
Institute of Technology as recommended by the State Government," she said.

Badal also urged Irani to lay foundation stone of construction of campus of
Central University at Bathinda. "The State Government has already transferred
500 acres of land at Ghudda village to the Central Government for the
construction of Central University. Right now, University is functioning from a
temporary accommodation at Bathinda," he said.

Under grant-in-aid scheme to meritorious schools, Badal requested to share 75
per cent of the non-recurring and recurring costs of the State-run scheme to
impart free education in Class XI and XII to the students who secured 80 percent
or more marks in Class X in the specially established six residential schools
across the State.

Badal also sought revision of existing norms of providing mid-day meal to
student and increasing the cooking cost for primary students to Rs7 per child
from existing Rs3.56 and Rs10 from existing Rs5.38 per child for upper primary
students.

He also urged the Union Minister to raise the honorarium of Mid Day Meal cooks
from existing Rs1,200 per month to Rs3,500 per month.

SEEKS PGIMS FOR THE STATE

Badal urged the Union Health Minister JP Nadda to sanction a Post-Graduate
Institute of Medical Sciences (PGIMS) to Punjab.

"Every State has been given a PGIMS but the State of Punjab has been left out
despite having allotted 200 acres of prime land on national highway one in
Kapurthala district for it. To provide quality treatment and diagnostic
facilities to the people, one PGI should be given to the State," he stressed.

Seeking Centre's whole hearted support to eradicate the menace of cancer from
the state, Badal impressed upon Nadda to sanction central assistance worth Rs250
crore for construction of state-of-art cancer treatment infrastructure at
Bathinda, Amritsar, Patiala, Sangrur, and Faridkot at a cost of Rs500 crore. He
also sought "immediate implementation" of State Cancer Institute at Amritsar.

Badal also asked the Minister to immediately release the initial grant of Rs50
crore for drug de-addiction activities announced by the Finance Minister in the
previous Budget.

He urged Nadda to enhance number of seats in Amritsar Medical College from 150
to 200, from 100 to 150 in Faridkot Medical College and from 150 to 200 in
Patiala Medical College, besides enhancement of post-graduate seats in the
state.

SEEKS Rs5187.75 CR FOR CITIES' OVERALL DEVELOPMENT

Badal urged the Union Urban Development and Housing Minister Venkaiah Naidu to
immediately release Rs5187.75 crore to ensure 100 per cent water supply,
sewerage facilities besides providing a network of roads and street lighting in
all the towns of Punjab.

He said that the said amount would be used to fund 30 towns for water supply, 79
for sewerage and 86 for installations of sewerage treatment plants besides
upgradation and modernisation of roads and streetlights.

Chief Minister asked the Minister to include Punjab's 12 cities - Ludhiana,
Amritsar, Mohali, New Chandigarh, Zirakpur, Dera Bassi, Kharar, Tarn Taran, Sri
Muktsar Sahib, Jalandhar, Bathinda and Patiala - under Smart City scheme.

Expressing gratitude towards. Naidu for selecting Amritsar under Heritage City
Development and Augmentation Yojna (HRIDAY), Badal urged him to lay foundation
stone of the scheme at Amritsar.

He also impressed upon Naidu to release last installment of JNNURM sewerage
project in Ludhiana as the State Government has already submitted its 100 per
cent utilisation certificates on March 28, 2014.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

FBR to go after tax non-filing MPs who were re-elected

LENGTH: 549  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) will scrutinise income tax returns of those
parliamentarians who were MPs in the last five years but they have shown nil
income in their latest filed tax returns.

At a time when the FBR is striving to achieve its desired annual tax collection
target of Rs2,475 billion and a massive shortfall in the range of Rs100 to Rs150
billion is expected, the government will have to set the precedent from the top
to apprehend the tax evaders.

Official sources in the FBR confirmed to media on Saturday that there were many
parliamentarians who had shown nil income in their tax returns for 2013. Almost
all of them showed their income from agriculture sector and few of them in shape
of remittances from abroad which were exempted from income tax.

The parliamentarians took their oath in first week of June 2013 and got their
first salary in July 2013. The income tax returns for 2013 was showing income
earned in the last fiscal year so new parliamentarians who came into the
Parliament for the first time did not draw any salary in the last financial
year. They could show nil income in case of no other income or any income such
as agriculture which is exempted from the income tax.

But those parliamentarians who were members in the previous assemblies should
have shown their income on the basis of salary if their other income fell into
category of exempted items such as agriculture or remittances.

"It is yet to be seen whether the government allows its tax machinery to go
behind those tax dodgers who are quite influential and even sitting in the
Parliament," said the sources.

Some parliamentarians after the release of the Tax Directory have approached the
FBR and raised their complaints that as directors of Association of Persons
(AOPs) they had paid more taxes which were not shown in the details of the Tax
Directory.

The FBR high-ups have argued that it was a mistake on their part that they did
not show their paid taxes in their filed returns so how could the FBR high-ups
know about their payments. "The FBR has shown in the Tax Directory whatever the
members have written in their filed returns as we cannot change or edit any
returns," said the FBR officials.

Out of 100 non-filer parliamentarians shown by recently released Tax Directory,
around 22 have so far filed their tax returns. The last date is February 28,
2014.

"We are quite optimistic that the remaining parliamentarians will also come
forward for filing their tax returns. The FBR will establish tax facilitation
centre at Parliament House Islamabad on eve of commencing of upcoming session of
National Assembly in order to facilitate members of NA and Senate to file their
tax returns", the FBR's Member Inland Revenue (IR) Policy Shahid Hussain Asad
confirmed to media here on Saturday.

He said that they received email message from one provincial headquarter about
filing of tax returns of 20 parliamentarians, but he had not so far seen their
returns personally. He could confirm that two more parliamentarians had filed
their tax returns after this disclosure that 100 parliamentarians were non
filers out of total 1,172.

Keeping in view the acute public pressure, the FBR high-ups also hoped that the
remaining parliamentarians would file their returns within the stipulated
time-frame.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

NFC to meet on Nov 21, after 18 months delay

BYLINE:  Sajid Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 307

LENGTH: 653  words


After signing of the 7th NFC Award the National Finance Commission (NFC) is
schedule to meet on November 21, after one and a half year delay, where federal
government is expected to hold accountable provinces on negligible progress on
unified mechanism on agriculture income tax in all four provinces and settlement
of dispute on GST on services, official sources informed here on Saturday.

On the other hand, less than projected tax receipts are affecting provinces
spending plans and provincial governments are likely to take up this issue with
federal government in the meeting that would be chaired by Finance Minister Dr
Hafeez Shaikh and all four provincial finance ministers are also to attend the
meeting.

The main reason behind the delay in convening the NFC meeting was due to the
non-appointment of the private members in the NFC by the province of Sindh and
Punjab and sources informed that after a long delay both the provinces have
nominated their private members and constitutions of the NFC have been
completed.

The 7th NFC Award had recommended that the Federal and provincial governments
should streamline their tax collection systems to reduce leakages and increase
their revenues through efforts to improve taxation in order to achieve a 15
percent tax to gross domestic product (GDP) ratio by the terminal year, 2014-15.
Provinces would initiate steps to effectively tax the agriculture and real
estate sectors. Federal and provincial governments may take necessary
administrative and legislative steps accordingly.

After singing the 7th NFC Award, provincial governments have enhanced their
agriculture income tax collection targets, however, provinces have shown
negligible progress on taxing the agriculture income and real estate
transactions in their respective jurisdictions. Federal authorities who are
faced with a tough situation after giving away 57.5 percent share of federal
revenues to the provinces under new NFC award wants massive increase in
provincial resource mobilization through effectively taxing agriculture income
and real estate.

NFC had recognized that sales tax on services is a provincial subject under the
Constitution, and may be collected by respective provinces, if they so desired.
Federal and provincial governments would develop and enforce mechanism for
maintaining fiscal discipline at the federal and provincial levels through
legislative and administrative measures. The provincial share in federal revenue
receipts was estimated at Rs 1,034 billion during 2010-11, which was decreased
to Rs 998 billion in the revised estimates for 2010-11. The provincial share in
federal revenue receipts is estimated at Rs 1,203 billion during 2011-12, which
is 16.4 percent higher than the budget estimates for 2010-11.

A recent meeting of the NFC Implementation Committee comprising federal and
provincial secretaries of finance was schedule to discuss the unified mechanism
for enforcement of agriculture income tax in all four provinces, however, due to
the lack of interest by the provincial governments no concrete progress has been
achieved in the meeting. Now, it has been decided that now both key issues like
unified agriculture income tax mechanism and GST on services to be discussed and
a way out would be decided to enhance provincial revenues.

Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) is at present collecting GST on services with
involving input adjustment or not on the behalf of the three provinces Punjab,
Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan. Provincial assemblies of Punjab, Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan are in process to legislate on GST services for
empowering FBR to collect GST on services on their behalf till their own tax
collecting machinery is get in place. However, Sindh has already imposed GST on
services under it's own provincial legislation and is yet to delegate powers to
the FBR to collect GST on services on which input tax adjustment is involved.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                             March 13, 2006 Monday

Federal agriculture minister comes to P.E.I. seeking input

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 552  words


P.E.I. farmers who are wondering what's in store under the new federal
agriculture minister will have an opportunity to find out more when he visits
the province on Wednesday.

Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada Minister Chuck Strahl will be in the province
for a meeting with farm leaders, and will tour some agricultural operations.

Strahl has not made any major commitments about his long-term plan for the
industry as yet. He has been meeting with industry representatives and his
provincial government counterparts, and will hold his first federal, provincial
and territorial agriculture ministers' meeting on March 20.

In the meantime, he told a recent meeting of the Canadian Federation of
Agriculture that he is seeking a broad-based input on how to move forward with a
long-term vision for agriculture.

There have been some specifics. He has announced that the new Conservative
government is committed to replacing the Canadian Agriculture Income
Stabilization program with distinct programs for income stabilization and
disaster assistance, one that he says is simpler and more appropriate to
producers' needs. He said the existing CAIS program will remain in place for the
2006 program year.

The government also plans to add another $500 million annually to the
agriculture budget, and Mr. Strahl has said he is working with his cabinet
colleagues on new initiatives. He said he is committed to lowering international
trade barriers and unfair trade- distorting domestic subsidies of Canada's
international competitors. He supports the interests of the supply managed
sectors.

He says Canada is up to the challenges in the current round of WTO negotiations.

Strahl also recognizes the desperate financial plight facing many producers. On
his first day on the job, he accelerated payments of $775 million under the
grains and oilseeds program announced by the previous government last November.

As the minister told the Federation of Agriculture, "our government is
determined to ensure that farmers get their due." But moving forward with a
long-term vision for agriculture will be the real test.

He will be getting lots of advice from all sides.

Even Wayne Easter, now the Opposition critic for agriculture, has presented the
new minister with his report based on cross-country consultations with the
industry last year.

The George Morris Centre at the University of Guelph has also weighed in with a
document critical of the Easter report, saying it depicts farmers as victims who
can only achieve prosperity through government action, not the marketplace.

And the Canadian Agri-Food Policy Institute, an agriculture think- tank
established by the federal department, has said that government policy has
focused on supporting incomes versus policies that support business of farming.

Strahl is faced with a daunting challenge of turning the industry around,
something that no minister with the possible exception of Eugene Whelan more
than 20 years ago has been able to achieve.

To view a copy of Strahl's speech to the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, go
to Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada's website at www.agr.gc.ca/index_e. phtml,
click on Minister and go to speeches.

This article was prepared by the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Aquaculture. For comments and suggestions, e-mail wemackinnon@gov.pe.ca.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 14, 1985 Thursday

Manitoba seeks improved conditions for troubled farmers

BYLINE: MICHAEL TENSZEN; GAM

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


BY  MICHAEL TENSZEN
  The Globe and Mail
   WINNIPEG
    Despite the best crop yield in history, more than 10 per cent of
 Manitoba's farms are in such serious financial trouble that they face
 bankruptcy, Agriculture Minister Bill Uruski said yesterday.

Despite Mr. Uruski's statement, banks have said recently that less than
 5 per cent of Manitoba farmers have serious financial problems, and a
 federal discussion paper earlier this year said the average Canadian
 farmer is in a reasonably strong financial position.

In a 23-page report he released yesterday on the province's "farm
 financial crisis," Mr. Uruski said the federal discussion paper has
 grossly distorted the real situation of agriculture in Manitoba.

He said Manitoba farm incomes have dropped so sharply and debts have
 soared to such an extent that the average Manitoba farmer has only about
 $3,000 a year after expenses to feed and clothe his family.

He said his New Democratic Party is considering legislative action in
 the next session and is turning to Ottawa immediately for help in easing
 bankruptcy laws. The NDP is also asking banks for assistance on interest
 rates and on renegotiating farm loans, he said.

Mr. Uruski released figures showing that 3,600 of about 21,000 farmers
 in the province with a gross yearly income of $10,000 or more are "in very
 serious financial trouble and in possible danger of losing their farms."
 About 1,900 farmers are in moderate difficulty, the report said.

Mr. Uruski said the future looks just as bleak.
    "Unfortunately," he said, "there is little prospect, in the near
 future, for a significant improvement. . . . The likelihood of relatively
 low prices for major commodities such as wheat, oilseeds and beef means
 that farm incomes will continue to be fairly depressed."
    The annual net farm income for all Manitoba farms has fallen from about
 $218-million yearly in the period 1971-75 to only about $87-million a year
 from 1981 to 1985.

An agriculture department spokesman said yesterday that, despite record
 yields of almost every Manitoba grain crop this summer, farmers are in
 trouble because excessive moisture at harvest time kept quality low and
 because world markets are weak.

Mr. Uruski said 60 Manitoba farms went bankrupt in the past year
 despite help from several provincial aid programs. He called on the
 federal Government to abandon its policy of high interest rates, expand
 markets, develop and strengthen farm stabilization programs and reconsider
 its objective of cutting expenditures on agriculture and increasing user
 fees on producers.

In addition, he said Ottawa should amend the Farmers' Creditors
 Arrangement Act and the Bankruptcy Act to provide relief to farmers who
 cannot meet their heavy debt.

Federal Farm Credit Corporation figures show that Manitoba farmers have
 debts of $1.7-billion, or about $80,000 a farm. The farmers in "moderate
 to severe" financial trouble, have debts averaging $170,000. Those with
 the lowest equity in their farms have debts of $220,000 or more.
 Agriculture officials say that young farmers are among the hardest hit.

Mr. Uruski said some are still saddled with interest rates as high as
 17 per cent and banks refuse to renegotiate loans down to current rates.

Manitoba is considering three legislative tactics to fight the farm
 crisis while it awaits help from Ottawa, he said:
  . A moratorium law to postpone repossession (of land or any farm
 equipment) by any creditor for a period of one or two years.
  . A special board and farmer advisory panel that would mediate disputes
 between farmers and creditors.
  . Provincial "contract adjustment" laws that could unilaterally change
 contracts between a farmer and a creditor.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Tax anomalies in Punjab

BYLINE: SHAFIQ BUTT

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 240

LENGTH: 942  words


PUNJAB'S law on taxing income from agriculture is but a hugely flawed
legislation. It not only discriminates between small and big landowners, but
also between businessmen and salaried persons.

Moreover, it differentiates between all taxpayers smallholders, businessmen and
salaried persons and large farmers.

The federal tax law says tax on income from business exceeding Rs6m and income
from salary exceeding Rs7m is subject to maximum rates of 35pc and 30pc
respectively. On the other hand, the tax on agricultural income exceeding Rs0.3m
is 15pc, with no ceiling on the income. This is contradictory.

At the time of the introduction of the Punjab Agriculture Income Tax (PAIT
1997), the exemption limit was fixed as Rs80,000, considering it as annual
income from 50 acres of irrigated land or 100 acres of un-irrigated land.
Meanwhile, the exemption limit for businessmen and salaried persons was fixed at
Rs40,000 by virtue of the Federal Finance Act 1997.

An agriculturist having an annual income of more than Rs2.5m will pay less tax
than a businessman or a salaried person earning the same amount of money

With the passage of time, the exemption limit on income from business and salary
has risen 10 times to Rs400,000. Hence, the exemption limit for agricultural
income also needs to be revised.

The PAIT 1997 says the cultivator/beneficiary of 50 acres of irrigated land or
100 acres of un-irrigated land or a person with annual agricultural income of at
least Rs80,000 is required to file an annual agriculture income return.

Under the law, the tax-exempt agricultural income is one-fifth of the tax-exempt
income from business and salary. This is even after the passage of 18 years,
notwithstanding the latest amendments in the PAIT 1997 in July 2013. This makes
agricultural income, equivalent to minimum annual wage of Rs156,000, taxable for
Rs3,800.

The agricultural income is subject to tax from Rs80,000 onwards with a 5pc rise
till 10pc at Rs300,000; the tax then flattens at 15pc for incomes above
Rs300,000. Under federal law, the maximum tax-exemption limit is Rs400,000 for
the business community and salaried persons, while the income tax on
agricultural income computes to Rs25,500.

Against the lowest tax slab of 7pc on business incomes (applicable at over
Rs400,000) and 2pc on salary incomes (over Rs400,000), the tax slab on
agricultural income is at its maximum rate of 15pc. Meanwhile, the highest tax
slab on business income (above Rs6m) is 35pc and that for salary income is 30pc
(above Rs7m).

Therefore, the difference between the lowest and the highest tax slabs on
business income is 28pc (35pc-7pc) and 28pc for salary income (30pc-2pc),
whereas agricultural income above Rs300,000 is subject to the same tax rate of
15pc.

This significant disparity in tax rates for the business and salaried class on
one hand and for agriculturalists on the other means that an agriculturist
having an annual income of less than Rs2.5m pays more tax than a businessman or
a salaried person earning the same amount. The lower the annual income, the
higher the tax revenue from an agriculturist as opposed to a businessman and or
a salaried person in the same income bracket.

But an agriculturist having an annual income of more than Rs2.5m will pay less
tax than a businessman or a salaried person earning the same amount of money.
The higher the annual income, the lower the tax revenue from an agriculturist in
contrast with a businessman or a salaried person with the same income.

The higher that a landholder's income is above Rs2.5m, the higher is the tax
benefit enjoyed by him at the cost of businessmen and salaried persons in the
same income group, and at the cost of small and middle class farmers subject to
the same tax rate enjoyed by him.

The difference of 20pc between the highest tax rates of 35pc on business income
and 15pc on agricultural income also paves the way for tax evasion by people
earning from both these sources.

The treatment of agricultural income at par with business income in terms of
tax-exempt income and the homogeneity of tax slabs can culminate in a smooth
broadening of the agricultural tax base, with a substantial enhancement in tax
revenue from its budgeted projection of Rs2bn for 2015-16.

Tax-exempt incomes from agriculture should be twice or at par with incomes of
the business community and salaried people because at the time of the
promulgation of the PAIT 1997, the tax-exempt income from agriculture (Rs80,000)
was twice that of business/salary income (Rs40,000).

Agricultural income tax slabs should also be at par with the FFA 2015 so as to
relieve the smallholders and lower middle-class farmers and transfer a
proportionate burden of agriculture taxes to the higher income groups, putting
an end to the opportunity for tax evasion by the big landholding elites with
allied corporate businesses.

Consistency between federal and provincial laws is also a constitutional
requirement. In the existing situation, the implication of the constitution's
Article 143 is intensified because the tax benefit enjoyed by an agriculturist
in Punjab is not only at the cost of small farmers, businessmen and salaried
people of Punjab, but also at the cost of the business and salaried class of the
other three federating units.

The reason is that the tax on the business and the salaried class is a federal
subject, whereas tax on agricultural income is levied by all the federating
units. Ahsan Rehman, a small agriculturist from Sahiwal, told Media that given
the existing rates of agriculture income tax, the burden is always on the small-
and medium-sized growers, and the benefits rest with the big farmers.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                               February 08, 2015

Uganda Urged to Shift From Subsistence Farming

LENGTH: 610 words


Farmers in Uganda have been advised to shift away from subsistence farming and
opt for commercial farming.

This is if Uganda is to exploit the agricultural sector which remains Uganda's
only stable hope of eradicating house hold poverty.

Hassan kamoga, an agriculture expert who owns a commercial farm in Gayaza
Namasumbi says Uganda's economy will continue to struggle if farmers are still
involved in subsistence farming.

"We were all excited when oil was discovered and some people started thinking
that it will be our main income source but oil is unpredictable and money from
it will not impact on the income of a common Ugandan in the village who are
actually the majority. Our main emphasise at this point should be to emphasise
agriculture by commercialising it and thinking of it as a full time business
that needs our full effort for it to survive and earn us a decent living,"
Kamoga said.

Uganda's economy remains agriculture-based with 75% of the people depending
largely on agriculture. Farming Contributes 85% of export earnings, and also
accounts for 29% of Uganda's gross domestic product (GDP). Though the overall
poverty rate in Uganda has fallen in recent years, farmers (about 4 million
households) who are practicing subsistence remain chronically poor, reflecting
the weak state of the agriculture sector.

According to UN reports, Uganda remains one of the world's 50 poorest countries
based on indices like per capita income (38% of Uganda's 30 million people live
on less than one dollar per day), health and nutrition, life expectancy, and,
critically, volumes of agricultural production and export. In spite the
Government of Uganda's (GOU) commitment to raise agriculture's share of the
national budget, investment in agriculture is still low, with most of the
farmers still involved in subsistence farming.

Agriculture is still thought of as a poor man's job with a big gap between
farmers and non-farmers. The average income in Uganda for non-farm households is
70 percent higher than for farm families. That history testifies to Uganda's
potential to take on a healthy share of regional and global trade once
agriculture is given priority considering its two rainy seasons and excellent
growing conditions for many staple and export crops.

According to USAID, the main supporter of agriculture in Uganda, without these
efforts to add volume and value to Uganda's cash crops, the country will be
caught in a cycle of low-skill, low-value production, consigning rural
populations to a daily struggle to survive. The value chain approach To achieve
growth in the rural economy - necessary to support Uganda's overall growth-
farmers must achieve significant improvements in productivity, market access,

According to Kamoga, Uganda's main problem is attitude. Africans still have some
low self-esteem. We think that having white collar jobs is the only way we will
know we have improved our lives and equalled to the white. Uganda is gifted with
good soils and climate and we have a lot of free land. If we can utilise all
those resources well, we would not have to depend on anyone to run our economies
and families.

Many people in Uganda consider farming for the poor and the uneducated, yet in
civilized nations elsewhere, people with farms/ranches are considered as rich
people, unlike here in Uganda.

Kamoga added that Farmers feed nations and should be appreciated. "When I was in
Egypt, I was inspired by small scale farmers along the Nile valley who practice
farming in harsh conditions because of the poor soils and the weather conditions
in Egypt, but shockingly these people get enough food for their families and
they even export some.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: Call to levy income tax on agriculture

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Nov. 13 -- FARMERS Association of Pakistan (FAP) has urged the
government to levy income tax on agriculture and livestock as per the income tax
ordinance 2001.

Addressing a Press conference here on Monday, the FAP President Tariq Bucha,
along with other leaders, including Afaq Tiwana and Hamid Malhi demanded equal
rights for both agriculture and livestock sectors, which other sectors enjoy
currently under tax regime. We invite government to impose tax on agriculture
and livestock sectors, rural dwellers should be given similar rights as of urban
areas, said Bucha. The major chunk of farmers comprising 90 percent of the total
is already paying 19 percent GST on agriculture inputs, they purchased as they
all are unregistered, and no other industry is paying this tax on inputs. All
inputs of agriculture sector, including seeds, diesel, pesticides, electricity
and fertilizer are already taxed so the perception that we are not contributing
in tax network is wrong

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday

Pakistan: Call to levy income tax on agriculture

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Nov. 13 -- FARMERS Association of Pakistan (FAP) has urged the
government to levy income tax on agriculture and livestock as per the income tax
ordinance 2001.

Addressing a Press conference here on Monday, the FAP President Tariq Bucha,
along with other leaders, including Afaq Tiwana and Hamid Malhi demanded equal
rights for both agriculture and livestock sectors, which other sectors enjoy
currently under tax regime. We invite government to impose tax on agriculture
and livestock sectors, rural dwellers should be given similar rights as of urban
areas, said Bucha. The major chunk of farmers comprising 90 percent of the total
is already paying 19 percent GST on agriculture inputs, they purchased as they
all are unregistered, and no other industry is paying this tax on inputs. All
inputs of agriculture sector, including seeds, diesel, pesticides, electricity
and fertilizer are already taxed so the perception that we are not contributing
in tax network is wrong

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday

Tullamore Show hit by TB scare

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 397 words


The Tullamore Show will be unaffected by a TB outbreakin the Butterfield Estate
herd, show organisers have confirmed.

Show secretary Freda Kinnarney said a low risk breakdown did occur early in the
year but it did not involve the show site.

"The Department of Agriculture is happy that the measures taken would not
interfere with the show going ahead," said Ms Kinnarney.

A spokesperson for the Department of Agriculture confirmed the TB outbreak.

"While there was an outbreak of TB on the farm, it is a large farm and the
cattle were not on the show site.We are happy that the risk mitigation efforts
put inplace are sufficient to allowthe show to take place," the spokesperson
said.

IFA seeks 70pc SFP advance in October

IFA PRESIDENT John Bryan has called for an advance of 70pc of the single farm
payment (SFP) to be made in October, similar to last year.

In a letter to Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith, Mr Bryan said the income
situation on Irish farms over the pasttwo years had been extremely difficult.

"Farm incomes over 2008 and 2009 collapsed by up to 40pc. The impact of this at
farm level has been extremely severe resulting in ongoing income, cash flow and
financial difficulties," Mr Bryan wrote.

"As a result, farm families have encountered income hardship and both bank
borrowings and particularly credit levels have built up."

Mr Bryan said an advance of 70pc in mid-October would help alleviate and ease
the income, cash flow and financial difficulties on many farms.

Dept to re-evaluate seed test methods

THE Department of Agriculture is to review its programme for testing seed
varieties after the removal of a genetically modified (GM) maize crop from field
trials.

Less than one-third of seed varieties submitted for crop evaluation are sampled
forGM presence, the Department confirmed.

In the case of seed imported for commercial planting, the figure is much lower,
at 20pc.

But a GM-free certificate must accompany all seed imported into Ireland for
either crop evaluation or marketing.

The Department had to remove the maize crop from field trials in early July
after it tested positive for GM presence.

The conventional maize variety PR39T83 was received for crop evaluation purposes
and was planted in small-scale field trials.

Initial preliminary positive results for GM presence were received on June 3,
which were later confirmed on June 30.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         October 29, 1998, CITY EDITION

Support for farmers alone 'unjustified'

BYLINE: By GERALDINE KENNEDY, Political Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 384 words


There was an unanswerable case for the extension of the Family Income Supplement
to all self-employed, including low-income farm families, the Fine Gael
spokesman on social affairs has said.

Mr Jim O'Keeffe said giving the Family Income Supplement to the farmer alone was
not justified.

Small farmers had a valid case but so also did small shopkeepers and service
providers living on the margins.

The proper approach was to extend income support to all the self-employed,
whether in urban or rural Ireland.

The Minister for Social, Community and Family Affairs, Mr Ahern, had estimated
the cost of extending the scheme to the self-employed with children would be
(pounds) 30 million in a year.

But this cost assumed a 100 per cent take-up, which was unusual in income
support schemes.

After a lengthy discussion of the crisis in agriculture at yesterday's
parliamentary Labour Party meeting, the vice-president, Ms Roisin Shortall, said
members believed it would be short-sighted to attempt to resolve the crisis only
by increasing direct payments to farmers.

At this point, she added, agriculture needed a long-term plan which would ensure
the sustainability of the maximum number of family farms.

The Minister for Agriculture should initiate a national conference on
agriculture which would involve all farmers' interest groups, retailers,
traders, consumers and politicians, Ms Shortall said.

She also suggested the outcome of such a conference should form the first step
towards drafting a White Paper on Agriculture.

The Democratic Left leader, Mr Proinsias De Rossa, said that if the public was
sceptical about the difficulties facing farmers, it was because people had heard
Mr Parlon's predecessors, year after year, forecasting doom after every wet day
and disaster with every temporary fall in the price of cattle.

He said temporary crises in farming should not be solved by swallowing up
resources through an ill-considered extension of the FIS at a cost of possibly
up to (pounds) 70 million at the expense of carers, pensioners and the health
services.

The genuine difficulties facing farmers with small holdings would not be
overcome by raiding the coffers of the Department of Social Welfare under the
guise of extending FIS to farmers and the self-employed, Mr De Rossa added.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 The Irish Times


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Protect our small farmers' income

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 159 words


FARMERS in North Wales must be protected from radical changes to agriculture
policy that would devastate their income, Hywel Williams will warn today.

The Arfon MP will challenge Agriculture Minister Jim Paice over proposed EU
reforms at a meeting of the Welsh Grand Committee.

The planned revamp of the Commons Agricultural Policy is expected to benefit
large farms in England.

But it is feared they will hit smaller farms in isolated and upland areas such
as North Wales, who get around four-fifths of their income through direct
payments.

Mr Williams says: "When it comes to issues like agriculture and CAP, the Welsh
national interest is very different from British interests.

"The loss of CAP payments would decimate the farming sector in Wales - and that
is why we cannot have the London-based parties, who just don't understand
farming, blundering in and making a mess of our industry."

The Welsh Grand Committee meets several times a year.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday
                              North Wales Edition

Protect our small farmers' income

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 159 words


FARMERS in North Wales must be protected from radical changes to agriculture
policy that would devastate their income, Hywel Williams will warn today.

The Arfon MP will challenge Agriculture Minister Jim Paice over proposed EU
reforms at a meeting of the Welsh Grand Committee.

The planned revamp of the Commons Agricultural Policy is expected to benefit
large farms in England.

But it is feared they will hit smaller farms in isolated and upland areas such
as North Wales, who get around four-fifths of their income through direct
payments.

Mr Williams says: "When it comes to issues like agriculture and CAP, the Welsh
national interest is very different from British interests.

"The loss of CAP payments would decimate the farming sector in Wales - and that
is why we cannot have the London-based parties, who just don't understand
farming, blundering in and making a mess of our industry."

The Welsh Grand Committee meets several times a year.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Whitening untaxed income: KPCCI calls for tax amnesty scheme

BYLINE: RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 145

LENGTH: 1009  words


Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chamber of Commerce  and  Industry (KPCCI) has called
introduction of appropriate check and balances for whitening of untaxed income
and announcement of a last tax amnesty scheme for whitening of untaxed resources
somewhere during financial year 2015-16.

The proposal is made in the budget proposals of the chamber for the upcoming
national budget for financial year 2015-16 to enable the investors within the
country and abroad to undertake investment projects of joint-ventures,
public-private partnerships and limited companies in almost all sectors
including but not limited to power generation, infrastructure development,
education, health, fruits and vegetable dehydration and export oriented
industrial undertakings.

It said that undoubtedly, tax amnesty and money whitening schemes are the acts
of betrayal and cheating honest taxpayers yet if it is announced with a clear
understanding that no such amnesty shall be announced in future as the only
intended purpose should be to clear the dirt once for all. New investment
projects established through amnesty scheme would not only add liquid resources
for the government but would also be a step towards the economic development as
a whole.

The recommendations said that all sectors of the economy including agriculture
should be taxed beyond a certain level of income, regardless its source.
Agriculture sector which contribute about 1/4th of GDP enjoys continued
exemption from income tax. Despite being a provincial subject, FBR can tax
agriculture sector and pass on the revenue to the provinces after deducting
requisite service charges.

The chamber has also proposed the commission agents of the agriculture sector,
saying that currently agriculture income is exempt from tax while agriculture
produce is not exempted. The trading of agriculture produce is generally carried
on by commission agents through various "markets managed" marketing committees
competent to grant and renew licenses to the said commission agents who are
currently out of the tax net. It is suggested that some fixed amount could be
imposed at the time of renewal of their respective licenses or alternatively
some yardstick should be developed to attract these commission agents for filing
their income tax returns.

The draft recommendations of the budget proposals said that usually, the chamber
used to receive numerous suggestions and proposals from its members, both from
traders as well as corporate sector entities. After critical analyzing these
proposals it has also prepare recommendations that rate of corporate tax should
be brought down with a target to a maximum of 25% during next two to three years
at the most, so as it is at par with other competitive economies, with an
ultimate objective to bring the economy to documentation.

The reduction in rates of corporate taxes would for sure encourage non-corporate
sector to convert their businesses into private and public limited companies. It
would be worth mentioning that the present rate of 35% is the highest percentage
in the entire region as the corporate rate of taxes in China ranges from 15 to
20% while there is simply no corporate tax in UAE. The rate of corporate tax
throughout world is less than 28-30% including Malaysia, Bangladesh, India
and/or OECD member countries.

Similarly, it said that the concept of small company was introduced with a
reduced rate of tax, ie, 20% for all such companies registered on or after 1st
July, 2005 which was subsequently enhanced to 25% from Tax Year 2010. These
companies were also exempted from being a withholding agent u/s 153 of the
Income Tax Ordinance, 2001as applicable to non-corporate sector. The aforesaid
exemption was subsequently withdrawn and accordingly, the small companies were
brought at par with AOPs/ individuals.

This particular treatment resulted in disparity with type of corporate entities
registered prior to July 01, 2005. It is thus, recommended that the small
company should be brought at par with AOPs and individuals with threshold
turnover limit of Rs 50 Million for the purposes of withholding agent u/s 153
and the rate of tax should be reduced to 20% as before to maintain consistency
of policies and promote setting up of small companies.

KPCCI has also called for encouraging export of "Services" saying at present,
only the Information Technology related services are recognized by accommodating
exemption of income from export of such services as opposed to a wide range of
services that are being exported.

As a matter of fact, export of goods and export of services are one and the same
in nature; the intended purpose being to earn valuable foreign exchange for the
country. In order to bring more foreign exchange for the country the services
through international bidding in areas other than information technology
including establishment of turnkey projects abroad and services of all the trade
and profession should be accommodated to enjoy requisite exemption.

The chamber has also proposed increase in cash withdrawal limit to Rs 200,000 as
the existing taxpayers are unnecessarily burdened. It is worth adding that the
said tax is not a major source of government earning, also acknowledged by FBR.
It has called for encouraging withholding agent, saying that the taxpayers are
obligatory to deduct and pay taxes as a withholding agent of the Federal Board
of Revenue. In the process, the taxpayers have to maintain a complete chain of
employees responsible to ensure compliance, keeping relevant record and even
attending audits u/s 165/177 etc. There is hardly any activity in the world
without a consideration and so does the responsibility to act as an Agent
warrants something to be retained as its commission to meet the cost of
services. In the instant case, the Chamber strongly recommends retaining at
sources an amount equivalent to 20% of the amount recovered as taxes and
deposited with the FBR.

This incentive will automatically ensure compliance requirement on the one hand
and would add to the collection of taxes even high.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

SECTION: Vol. 20 No. 58

LENGTH: 465  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFS&amp;R), Sikandar
Hayat Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being made to improve
farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for wellthought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agroprocessors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agrobased businesses for improving
household livelihood.

Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas like livestock,
horticulture, and fisheries as well as nonfarm sector would benefit and this
would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and generate raw
material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 58

LENGTH: 464  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSandR), Sikandar
Hayat Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being made to improve
farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for wellthought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agroprocessors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agrobased businesses for improving
household livelihood.

Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas like livestock,
horticulture, and fisheries as well as nonfarm sector would benefit and this
would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and generate raw
material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

US envoy emphasises private sector role in agri sector uplift

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. X No. 94

LENGTH: 285  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, US Ambassador Richard Olson emphasised
the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's agricultural markets.

He celebrated more than 50 years of US-Pakistan cooperation in the agriculture
sector-a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of the 1950s and
more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the last three
years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government.

These efforts are focused on creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes and
improving Pakistan's food security. Olson emphasised that the private sector
should be involved for development assistance to be effective.

"The challenge for Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development
ultimately depends on private sector initiatives to take these programmes and
transfer them into viable commercial enterprises."

Since 2009 the US government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo the US Agency for International Development, the US Foreign Commercial
Service and the US Department of Agriculture highlighted many of these
agricultural initiatives.

Through other US-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sind have received
training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40 percent by upgrading their
farming practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

NFC to meet on Nov 21, after 18 months delay

LENGTH: 689 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 6 -- After signing of the 7th NFC Award the National Finance
Commission (NFC) is schedule to meet on November 21, after one and a half year
delay, where federal government is expected to hold accountable provinces on
negligible progress on unified mechanism on agriculture income tax in all four
provinces and settlement of dispute on GST on services, official sources
informed here on Saturday.

On the other hand, less than projected tax receipts are affecting provinces
spending plans and provincial governments are likely to take up this issue with
federal government in the meeting that would be chaired by Finance Minister Dr
Hafeez Shaikh and all four provincial finance ministers are also to attend the
meeting.

The main reason behind the delay in convening the NFC meeting was due to the
non-appointment of the private members in the NFC by the province of Sindh and
Punjab and sources informed that after a long delay both the provinces have
nominated their private members and constitutions of the NFC have been
completed.

The 7th NFC Award had recommended that the Federal and provincial governments
should streamline their tax collection systems to reduce leakages and increase
their revenues through efforts to improve taxation in order to achieve a 15
percent tax to gross domestic product (GDP) ratio by the terminal year, 2014-15.
Provinces would initiate steps to effectively tax the agriculture and real
estate sectors. Federal and provincial governments may take necessary
administrative and legislative steps accordingly.

After singing the 7th NFC Award, provincial governments have enhanced their
agriculture income tax collection targets, however, provinces have shown
negligible progress on taxing the agriculture income and real estate
transactions in their respective jurisdictions. Federal authorities who are
faced with a tough situation after giving away 57.5 percent share of federal
revenues to the provinces under new NFC award wants massive increase in
provincial resource mobilization through effectively taxing agriculture income
and real estate.

NFC had recognized that sales tax on services is a provincial subject under the
Constitution, and may be collected by respective provinces, if they so desired.
Federal and provincial governments would develop and enforce mechanism for
maintaining fiscal discipline at the federal and provincial levels through
legislative and administrative measures. The provincial share in federal revenue
receipts was estimated at Rs 1,034 billion during 2010-11, which was decreased
to Rs 998 billion in the revised estimates for 2010-11. The provincial share in
federal revenue receipts is estimated at Rs 1,203 billion during 2011-12, which
is 16.4 percent higher than the budget estimates for 2010-11.

A recent meeting of the NFC Implementation Committee comprising federal and
provincial secretaries of finance was schedule to discuss the unified mechanism
for enforcement of agriculture income tax in all four provinces, however, due to
the lack of interest by the provincial governments no concrete progress has been
achieved in the meeting. Now, it has been decided that now both key issues like
unified agriculture income tax mechanism and GST on services to be discussed and
a way out would be decided to enhance provincial revenues.

Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) is at present collecting GST on services with
involving input adjustment or not on the behalf of the three provinces Punjab,
Khyber Pukhtunkhwa and Balochistan. Provincial assemblies of Punjab, Khyber
Pukhtunkhwa and Balochistan are in process to legislate on GST services for
empowering FBR to collect GST on services on their behalf till their own tax
collecting machinery is get in place. However, Sindh has already imposed GST on
services under it's own provincial legislation and is yet to delegate powers to
the FBR to collect GST on services on which input tax adjustment is involved.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                               December 20, 2011

Minister welcomes rise in farm incomes

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


THE CSO'S advance estimate of Output, Input and Income in Agriculture for 2011
is showing a 33.4% rise in operating surplus for the agriculture sector,
according to the Minister for Agriculture.

The Minister for Agriculture, Food and the Marine, Simon Coveney, said that "the
increase in income was particularly strong in the cereals sector where improved
prices resulted in a 52.5% rise in the output value of the sector." The milk
sector also enjoyed a good year, with output value up EUR 303.9m or 19.8% on
2010.

Similarly, the livestock picture showed increases in output value with cattle
(16.7% or EUR 250.1m), pigs (16.1% or EUR 52.9m) and sheep (9.4% or EUR 12.1m)
all showing improvement.

The Minister was also pleased to see a 5.6% increase in volume output in the
pigmeat sector despite the challenges in the sector early in the year.

Total direct payments to the agriculture sector are expected to amount to circa
EUR 1,941 million, which includes payments under the Single Payment Scheme, the
Area Based Disadvantaged Compensatory Allowance Scheme, REPS, forestry premia,
disease compensation and other smaller schemes.

The Minister noted the increase in input prices, which includes a 22% increase
in feedstuff prices. Fertiliser prices also increased by 9.6%, and fertiliser
volume was down 8.3%.

"These input costs are likely to remain high given global trends and it is
important that such costs are recognised when producer prices are being
discussed,"he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                August 31, 1998

SAC study indicates Agenda 2000 may favour Highlands

BYLINE: David Jardine

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 987 words


FARM incomes in the Highlands and Islands would be about 10% above 1996 levels
under the most likely subsidy arrangements in the Agenda 2000 Common Agriculture
Policy reform proposals.

That is the conclusion of a study for Highlands & Islands

Enterprise by the Scottish Agriculture College, Aberdeen, on the impact of
further CAP reform on agriculture in the HIE area.

Net farm incomes in the HIE area for 1997 show the extent of present
difficulties.

"Livestock farms made between $ 7000 and $ 10,000; dairy farms made less than $
15,000, and cereal farms averaged about $ 6000. It is too early to say about
1998 but I wouldn't be surprised if the figures are worse," said HIE's
agriculture specialist Bob Stubbs.

"Livestock finishers made an average $ 4000 net loss last year, one of the
reasons for the poor prices at this month's Lairg sale," he said.

Total agricultural income including subsidies averaged $ 308m per year in the
HIE area between 1995 and 1997 - $ 329m in 1995, $ 312m in 1996 and $ 284m in
1997. More than a third was direct subsidy - 36% or $ 103m in 1997.

Better times are round the corner - or in the next millennium - for farmers who
can stay in business through agriculture's crisis, the study report indicates.

The CAP reforms, announced in March by the European

Commission, have to be agreed early next year for introduction between 2000 and
2003.

The proposed "national envelope", whereby the Government would allocate part of
the cattle headage payments on the basis of area of permanent pasture over five
years old, "could prove very beneficial".

And subsidy modulation - setting a ceiling of 100,000 Ecus ($ 67,500) on
payments to individual farms - would have a

negligible effect in the Highlands and Islands because there are

very few, if any, farms in the

area whose subsidy cheques are that big.

Only about 200 farms in the whole of Scotland are thought to reach the 100,000
Ecu limit.

Four scenarios were examined by SAC Aberdeen's Rural Policy Group. Under
scenario one, CAP reform as proposed in the absence of a weakening pound and any

rise in world prices, would result in a fall in total farm incomes including
subsidy in the HIE area to 21% below the average for 1995-97.

If the pound weakens (scenario two), total farm incomes would rise, but remain
15% below the 1995-97 level. If, also, world prices converged with EU prices
(scenario three), incomes would still be 12% below the 1995-97 level.

Under the fourth scenario - which includes the national envelope arrangement -
predicted total farm incomes in Highlands & Islands Enterprise's area would be
10% higher than the 1995-97 average.

The result, yielding a fifth more in farm income than the best of the rest of
the scenarios reflects the less intensive nature of agriculture in the HIE area.

"It is highly probable that

scenario three or four will prevail," according to the SAC rural policy group.

"It is reasonable to assume that the pound will weaken in the medium term, and
that global food markets will tighten, causing world commodity prices to rise,"
the study concludes optimistically.

"The national envelope arrangement could prove very beneficial to the Highlands
and Islands," the report states. "The details of the national envelope, like all
the proposals, are to be negotiated, but they perhaps offer the best opportunity
to influence the impact of the reforms on agriculture in the Highlands and
Islands.

"It may allow SOAEFD to target a significant proportion of subsidy on farm types
and areas which are the most disadvantaged, or which play a vital role in
sustaining sparsely populated rural areas. In this regard, it is worth noting
that 98% of the HIE area is classified as a Less Favoured Area."

The report predicts declines in income of up to 25% by 2003 (relative to the
1995-97 average) for the HIE cereal, livestock and dairy sectors, except in
scenario four.

Income from beef should be

up almost 20% and dairying up nearly 70%, through sheep and cereals will suffer
declines of about 6% and 8% in scenario

four, while oilseeds will be up about 8%.

The anticipated decline in cereals is expected to significantly affect farm
incomes in the Moray Firth area, the report states.

Least affected by the reforms are the main sheep producing areas - Shetland, the
Western Islands, Skye and Lochalsh, and Lochaber - though Lochaber in particular
and Skye and Lochalsh would do well out of scenario four because they have large
areas of permanent pasture.

Orkney is the only area where gross farm incomes are predicted to fall in
scenario four.

"The geography of subsidy is likely to remain similar to that of the 1995-97
period, with the HIE area containing some of the most highly subsidised
districts . . . The least subsidised areas are likely to be in the East of
Scotland, such as Angus, Perth and Kinross, Fife and Kincardine and Deeside,"
the report states.

"I think the reform of the Common Agriculture Policy might in many respects be a
much bigger issue for the Highlands and Islands than will be the outcome of
Objective One," HIE chairman Sir Fraser Morrison said at the launch of the
development agency's seventh annual report.

HIE has been lobbying the European Commission for continued Objective One status
for the Highlands and Islands after 1999.

Objective One has been worth $ 260m over six years into the area's economy. The
CAP gives farmers and crofters in the HIE area direct subsidies of more than $
100m annually, a figure set to rise under the reforms.

"We are comfortable with the assumptions made in the study," HIE economist
Audrey Munro said. "Phase one is factual, with the figures based on Agricultural
Census data and models developed by SAC phase two is highly speculative, and has
had to assume specific outcomes of the proposed CAP reforms."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 1998 Scottish Media Newspapers Limited


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Guardian (India)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Farmer suicides suggest unviable farm economics

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, April 11 -- The unseasonal excessive rainfall since March is leading
many farmers in North India to commit suicide, a phenomenon unheard of at least
in the prosperous states of UP, Punjab and Haryana. Seeing their
ready-to-harvest rabi crops damaged by untimely rains and hailstorms "over 100
farmers have already committed suicides in UP alone, and we are still counting",
says Devinder Sharma, a Food Policy Analyst. Farmers' lobbies say that figures
from Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and Bengal could easily take the number of
suicides so far this year to over 150. Taking note of the grim situation, the
government has promptly increased the compensation for affected farmers by a
significant 50% while also lowering the eligibility threshold from 50% crop loss
to 33%. Welcoming the relief, the farmers from Western UP have urged the
government to address the deeper distresses that continue to haunt the
agricultural sector.

According to the Indian Meteorological Department, the country has received over
100% excess rainfall in March, damaging about 18% of the total area under rabi
crop. UP, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Punjab have been hit particularly hard.

Explaining the recent spate of suicides by farmers in these rich states, Chengal
Reddy, chief advisor to the Consortium of Indian Farmers Associations said,
"Lower support prices compared to higher cost of farming has made the economics
of agriculture unviable for every farmer leaving even rich farmers indebted in
UP, Punjab and Haryana."

Many farmers are already under pressure to service high-cost debts, and the
excessive rains "have proved to be the straw that broke the camel's back," adds
Reddy.

Going forward, the number of suicides could be even higher, cautions Reddy.

Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh has proposed implementing the Farm Income
Insurance Scheme all over the country this financial year. How adequately and
quickly this scheme would indemnify farmers remains to be

seen.

With agriculture moving away from the minimum support price mechanism towards a
more market-inclined pricing architecture, "there is a need to have a (minimum)
guaranteed monthly income for farmers", says Sharma. The government should
appoint an income commission to work out the average monthly income of a farmer
depending on the productivity and location of his land, he said.

Unless this is done, Sharma said, the economic viability of agriculture cannot
be restored.

The government, however, claims that the proposed national market for
agricultural commodities would reward farmers more lucratively for their
produce, making farming a viable option.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Sunday Guardian. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Sunday Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Census: Farmers not just farming

BYLINE: Marc Heller, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


Feb. 5--WASHINGTON -- Hundreds of people in Northern New York run farms. Just
don't call them farmers.

The federal government's 2007 Census of Agriculture, released Wednesday, shows
that the number of farms being run by people whose primary occupation is not
farming is growing ever closer to the number who consider agriculture their
primary job. In St. Lawrence County, the number has drawn nearly even.

Farm experts say the trend reflects the growth of small farms producing
vegetables, fruits, organics and other specialties, as well as the reality that
solely milking cows is a tough way to make a living when milk prices sometimes
trail the cost of production.

That trend, which played out across New York and the country, is one of many
changes that continue in agriculture, the census indicates. Small farms are
growing in number, as are the biggest farms -- but the middle is shrinking. The
census is completed every five years.

The survey also shows that north country counties are losing farmland even as
the value of goods they sell climbs and the counties rank high nationally in
dairy production. Jefferson County saw a 21 percent decline in land used in
farming since 2002 but a 40 percent increase in value of farm production.

In St. Lawrence County, 691 farms reported being run by someone whose primary
occupation is farming, while 639 cited "other" as a primary occupation. Just
five years earlier, 923 farms listed farming as the primary occupation and 528
listed "other."

In Jefferson County, 483 farms cited farming as the primary occupation, while
403 reported "other."

The spread was bigger in Lewis County, where 393 listed farming as the primary
occupation and 223 did not.

A growing number of small farms reflects producers' effort to take advantage of
demand for locally grown food, said Jay M. Matteson, agriculture coordinator for
Jefferson County. That trend is reflected in vegetable stands and other small
markets, he said.

"Quite a few of those don't take their primary income from farms," Mr. Matteson
said.

Indeed, 208 of Jefferson County's 885 farms reported income of less than $1,000
a year. Two-hundred thirty one reported annual income of more than $100,000, and
60 had incomes greater than $500,000, the USDA reported.

Across New York, 19,642 farms reported that their chief operator's primary
occupation is farming, compared to 16,728 who cited some other occupation;
people who called themselves farmers outnumbered the others 22,664 to 14,591
just five years earlier.

The proliferation of smaller farms is not entirely new, but the pace may be
picking up. Congress responded to the trend last year in approving specialty
crop programs as part of the five-year farm bill that outlines food and
nutrition spending.

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack hailed the growth of small-scale farming in a
speech to USDA employees Wednesday but said he was disturbed by the stagnation
of middle-sized farms. He cast those farms as the middle class of agriculture
that could benefit from the Obama administration's pledge to help middle-income
Americans.

"This is an issue we have to grapple with," Mr. Vilsack said. He said the USDA
will have a voice on President Obama's middle class task force.

Later, at a press conference, he said the growth in small farms, most of which
have some off-farm income, illustrates the need for the government to help rural
areas diversify their economies, to provide more job opportunities.

The census shows that St. Lawrence County ranked 46th among U.S. counties value
of milk and other dairy goods produced. It ranked 29th in 1992.

Jefferson and Lewis counties have more or less held their place, with Jefferson
at number 47 and Lewis at number 60 among U.S. counties in value of dairy
products sold.

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090205-WE-AG-CENSUS-FARMERS-20090205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Farmers crash ministers' talks

BYLINE: JULIAN BRANCH

SECTION: News; A10

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: PRINCE ALBERT, Sask.


Police blocked off streets as a cavalcade of close to 60 tractors and grain
trucks snaked its way through the heart of this northern Saskatchewan city
yesterday to get the point across that farmers need help.

Close to 200 producers converged on a downtown hotel where Canada's agriculture
ministers are gathered for their annual meeting.

''There's a farm-income crisis out there. We have people who are not able to pay
their bills, people not able to buy groceries, pay power bills,'' rally
organizer Sharon Nicholson said as the group waited to hear from federal
Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief.

''What we're asking for is to have a cash injection immediately and then to have
a long-term agriculture policy, a made-in-Canada policy, that will not see this
situation happen again.''

A similar rally in Regina attracted about 200 people. They want action after a
disastrous 1998, when farm income was estimated to have hit its lowest point
since the Depression; grain prices alone fell by 40 per cent.

Farmers blame U.S. and European subsidies, low prices, rising costs and a lack
of government support.

In December, Vanclief announced Ottawa would pay up to $900 million to prop up
farmers during the next two years. The provinces chipped in another $600 million
and the Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance, or AIDA, program was born.

The plan aims at helping farmers whose income last year was 30 per cent less
than their three-year average. But many don't qualify; they didn't see a
30-per-cent drop in income last year because their incomes over the past three
years were nonexistent to begin with.

''We just can't get at it. The rules are too stupid, too restrictive,'' said
Richard Yakimchuk, who drove his pickup truck from Wakaw, Sask., with a sign on
the side reading AIDA -- Another Inexcusable Display of Arrogance.

''It's purposely designed not help anybody. It was designed to make the
government look good to the urban people, to say, 'Look at all the money we're
giving the farmers.' But we can't get at it.''

Saskatchewan Agriculture officials say that of the 55, 000 farmers in the
province, about 6,700 have applied for assistance under the program. As of last
week, just 726 producers had received cheques totalling $5.2 million.

But Vanclief remained firm against throwing more money at the problem, and
refused to come more than a few steps outside the door of the hotel, which
infuriated the crowd because many couldn't hear him. Some grabbed at him,
forcing him to beat a hasty retreat back into the building.

Farmers weren't the only ones unhappy with Vanclief's response.

Manitoba Agriculture Minister Harry Enns - whose farmers are suffering from a
double whammy of low commodity prices and excess moisture - pointed out Ottawa
was eager to help farmers in his province during the Red River flood in 1997.

''I don't like to be overly cynical about it, but the fact that in 1997 that
flood occurred in the midst of a federal election surely had nothing to do with
it,'' Enns said.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Eric Upshall focused on foreign subsidies.
''My message to the federal government is either you have to convince the
Europeans and the Americans in the next round of WTO (World Trade Organization)
negotiations not to subsidize.

''Or if you can't convince them not to subsidize, then we're going have to be in
the subsidy game,'' said Upshall.


LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       June 6, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Myanmar should invest in agriculture: WEF

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 483  words


Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar, June 6 (IBNS) To promote inclusive growth in Myanmar at
this crucial stage in its development, investment in rural areas and finding
ways to improve the livelihood of farmers should be a priority, business and
government leaders agreed in a session on the long-term outlook for the economy
at the 22nd World Economic Forum (WEF) on East Asia.

"Putting a big focus on agriculture right now is key," said meeting Co-Chair
Helen E. Clark, Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
in New York. "You can get a quick win for poverty eradication now."

But, warned Clark, this will require investing in the infrastructure to drive
agricultural growth and productivity. About 70% of the Myanmar labour force is
employed in agriculture.

"We encourage investment in the agriculture sector," said Serge Pun, Chairman of
Serge Pun & Associates, Myanmar, noting that the nation's foreign investment
laws provide some protection for small farmers.

"While we are endowed with a lot of good things, we are not an agricultural
force," he said. The reasons: low productivity and a lack of investment,
technology and R&D.;

"The only way to get discretionary income to the people of Myanmar is to give
those people [a way to earn] money," reckoned Indra Nooyi, Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer of PepsiCo, USA, who is also a meeting Co-Chair.

She explained how her company is helping farmers grow high-yield potatoes and
then buying up the crop for use in making food products. This secures for
farmers a steady income stream. "This value-chain approach benefits local
people," Clark explained.

Promoting the agriculture sector can help ensure balanced growth in Myanmar over
the long term, which will allow it to avoid the middle-income trap.

"You can have a very balanced economy here if you get the frameworks right,"
observed Michael Andrew, the Hong Kong-based Global Chairman of KPMG
International. Myanmar should proceed carefully with setting out the regulatory
frameworks for its emerging industries and sectors. The government, for example,
is soon to award crucial telecom licences.

"It is really important that these processes be seen as transparent and on a
level playing field," Andrew said.

Another key to creating a balanced, sustainable economy is education and skills
training. India is focusing a number of its investments in neighbouring Myanmar
in this area, including a technology institute in Mandalay.

"Myanmar will need skilled people and that is where we are seeking to help,"
said Anand Sharma, Minister of Commerce and Industry and Textiles of India.

Over 1,000 participants from 55 countries are taking part in the World Economic
Forum on East Asia, held for the first time in Nay Pyi Taw, Myanmar.

The meeting welcomes over 100 public figures representing 15 countries,
including heads of state or government from Laos, Myanmar, the Philippines and
Vietnam.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2013 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           November 24, 2009 Tuesday

Farm Assist payments exceed 10,000 as farm incomes at 'breaking point'

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 205 words


He said the November figures show 8,681 farmers in receipt of Farm Assist and
1,771 waiting for claims to be processed. This amounts to a total of 10,452 farm
families whose incomes have been so decimated that they require supplementary
income in the form of social welfare to survive.

Compared with the 2008 figure of 7,444 recipients, there is a significant jump
of almost 30% in farmers who require Farm Assist to supplement their incomes.

Mr Creed said the Teagasc farm income survey illustrated exactly the extent of
recent budget cuts in agriculture with farm incomes falling by almost 14% in
2008 with this figure expected to reach 20% for 2009.

He said Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith has consistently failed to
acknowledge there is a crisis in agriculture and has persisted with a slash and
burn approach to farm schemes. Warning that an inevitable flight from the land
would result, Mr Creed said the current situation is not sustainable for farmers
or taxpayers.

The failure to implement departmental reform, as opposed to cutting economically
beneficial schemes such as the Rural Environment Protection Scheme and the
Disadvantaged Areas Scheme, has led to these significant increases on social
welfare dependence, he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

The Future for Farmers is Bright - Positive Outlook Seen for Coming Years

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Ottawa


The Canada Government has issued following press release:

After coming off of a record year, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada is expecting
farm incomes to remain high for Canadian farmers in 2015. The 2015 Canadian
Agricultural Outlook was released today, pointing to a strong future for the
agricultural sector. The report provides an overview of the current situation in
Canadian agriculture and some of the key longer term drivers that will influence
the growth of the sector.

Growing strength in the cattle and hog industry, strong crop sales resulting
from high carry-in grain and oilseed stocks despite softening grain prices, and
relatively stable input costs produced a record farm income in 2014 and will
continue to sustain the agricultural economy in 2015.
Quick facts

Canadian Agricultural Outlook Highlights:

Average net worth per farm is expected to set new records of $2.0 million in
2014 and $2.1 million in 2015.
    Farm-level net operating income in 2014 is forecast to be $78,139, also an
all-time high.
    Aggregate net cash income for 2014 is expected to reach $14.0 billion, 10%
above the 2013 record.
    For 2015, the preliminary forecasts suggest that farm incomes will remain
historically high at $13.0 billion.
    The cattle and hog sectors enjoyed record prices in 2014 due to low North
American supplies, and weakening feed grain prices also contributed to higher
incomes. Although total livestock receipts will not change significantly in
2015, cattle receipts will continue to benefit from tight markets and higher
prices.
    Exceptional market incomes over the past several years have contributed to
lower program payments in 2014 and 2015 compared to previous years.

Quotes

"The future for Canadian agriculture remains positive. Our Government will
continue to work with industry to strengthen agricultural research and
innovation, break down trade barriers, open new markets and enable producers to
improve their incomes, support their families, and grow the Canadian economy."
    - Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz

For any query about this article or other content requirements please contact
emaileditorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            August 23, 2014 Saturday

Elusive food security

LENGTH: 581  words

DATELINE: Karachi


A recent report by the US Department of Agriculture's and Economic Research
Service lays bare Pakistan's food and, by extension, nutrition realities. It
claims that out of 84 countries it surveyed, Pakistanis spend 47.7pc of their
incomes, and the highest, on food. The Americans spend 6.6pc and even the
Indians next door only 25.20pc. With basic survival hogging half of income, the
quality of rest of life (health and education) is not hard to imagine.

The report is more a part of serial warnings given periodically by the national
and international institutions to Pakistani policymakers. Four national health
and nutritional surveys so far, latest being in 2011, by the Planning Commission
of Pakistan, have also drawn the same conclusions.

This situation worsened over the decades, starting with commercialisation of
agriculture after the so-called Green Revolution. Since then, food products
became costlier, and the phenomenon has been universal. Since 2008, it has also
witnessed two global spikes that drove millions more down the poverty line.

However, the countries (like Pakistan) with agriculture base were expected to
absorb, or at least part of , these shocks through national policies and
protection schemes -- as the Indians have been fighting their case in the WTO
and executing the world's biggest subsidy regime.
Starting with the move towards commercialisation of agriculture after the
so-called Green Revolution, food products became costlier, and the phenomenon
has been universal

People are suffering on three accounts -- low per capita income, high food
prices and the government's failure to provide food products at affordable
prices. The wheat( staple food) prices, have been inflated by 300pc in the last
seven years through official support prices. Policymakers also failed to
increase and diversify domestic food production and keep a lid on prices; and
the agriculture sector was taxed because others would not contribute a fair
share of the tax revenue to enable the government meet its the fiscal needs.

The country is facing a food crisis, where half of the population is food
insecure. Its current per capita income, calculated at 186m people, stands at
$3,149 per annum. Though many economists doubt he accuracy of the figure, they
place the country on abysmal 140th position on the global ranking.

The national surveys also point out limited utility of its pro-poor schemes like
Benazir Income Support Fund, Food Coupon and Stamp Schemes or Sasti Roti (low
priced bread). Apparently, they are simply not enough to overcome the enormous
problem.

Apart from improving these schemes in concept, mechanism and pricing, the
availability of food needs massive improvement. Such an effort needs a long list
of steps, starting from improving the seed sector and water availability,
farmers' awareness and practices, bringing more land under cultivation, reducing
cost of production and making marketing more efficient.

In addition to those steps, the government also needs to find ways to introduce
urban agriculture, especially horticulture produce so that fruits and vegetables
supplies could improve in the cities. The Kitchen Gardening of the Punjab was a
success in rural areas, but failed to make dent in cities because there was no
trained staff. The agriculture departments are mandated and equipped to work in
rural areas.

All these steps need to form parts of holistic approach to improve availability
of vegetables and fruits that have rich nutritional value.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                January 9, 2003

EU insists CAP reforms do not necessarily mean incomes will drop

BYLINE: By DENIS STAUNTON

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; REGIONAL NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS


The European Commission has insisted that proposals to reform the Common
Agricultural Policy (CAP) will not necessarily lead to a cut in farmers'
incomes.

But Commission sources confirmed that the Agriculture Commissioner, Mr Franz
Fischler, remains determined to change the way the EU subsidises agriculture.

Mr Fischler wants to replace the present system of headage payments with a
direct income subsidy based on farmers' earnings between 2000 and 2002. The
farmer would receive this subsidy regardless of how much he or she produces but
the payments would start to decrease from 2007.

A Commission source stressed that the money saved from 2007 would be available
to farmers in the form of rural development subsidies. "What this simplified
direct payment brings is income stability for farmers and the money saved from
reducing the direct payment will not be lost to farmers. You can't describe this
exercise as one of falling incomes for farmers," the source said.

Mr Fischler will present his proposals on January 22nd. Any reform must be
approved by EU agriculture ministers before it comes into effect and a number of
countries, led by France and Ireland, have made clear their opposition to a
radical overhaul of the present system.

Mr Fischler's proposals have yet to receive the approval of the entire
Commission and sources suggest they could be modified before January 22nd. But
sources insist radical reform is the only way the EU can continue to subsidise
farmers while fulfilling its commitments to the World Trade Organisation (WTO).

EU ministers agreed at a WTO meeting in Doha in 2001 to work towards substantial
reductions in "trade distorting" support for farmers and to an eventual phasing
out of export subsidies.

Developing countries argue that EU subsidies encourage farmers to produce too
much food and to dump surpluses onto poorer markets.

The Commission insists reforms are needed without delay.

"The choice is simple: either we change the whole policy or you'll see direct
payments cut," the Commission source said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Portales, News-Tribune (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday

Briefs 12-23

BYLINE: The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Dec. 23--USDA accepting public comment on regulation

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting public comment Monday on a
new regulation changing adjusted gross income qualifications for disaster and
commodity programs, according to a USDA press release.

Changes include reducing qualifications for disaster and commodity programs from
an adjusted gross income of $2.5 million to a three-year average non-farm
adjusted gross income of $500,000, according to the release.

Public comments must be submitted to the department in 30 days, according to the
release.

USDA accepting applications for milk income loss program

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting applications Monday for the
milk income loss program and will continue until Sept. 30, 2012, according to a
USDA news release.

A part of the 2008 farm Bill, the program subsidizes dairy farmers when the
price of milk drops below a certain benchmark, according to the USDA Web site.

Subsidy program applications now available

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting applications Monday for the
direct and counter-cyclical payment programs, according to a USDA news release.

The deadline to apply is June 1, 2009, according  to the release.

A part of the 2008 Farm Bill, the program computes payments using base acres and
payment yields established for each farm, according to the release.

Business Digest is compiled by Freedom New Mexico staff writer Gabriel Monte. He
may be contacted at 763-6991, or by  e-mail:

gabe_monte

To see more of The Portales News-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pntonline.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Portales News-Tribune, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081223-PV-Briefs-12-23-1223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PV


                          Copyright 2008 The Portales


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                               September 28, 2010
                              Business Day Edition

Farmer debt higher as income dips

BYLINE: WYNDHAM HARTLEY

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 423  words


Farmer debt higher as income dips

Parliamentary Editor

CAPE TOWN - Farmers were poorer last year as SA emerged from the global economic
crisis and there are no signs of improvement this year as input costs rise and
prices achieved for crops remain relatively stable.

The Department of Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries presented a bleak picture
in its annual report in Parliament yesterday of a 2,3% decrease in gross farming
income and a substantial 10,4% increase in farming debt. AgriSA chief economist
Dawie Maree said the situation had not improved in the first 10 months of this
year.

Acting director-general Peter Thabethe said: "In general the economic situation
of the agriculture sector weakened during 2009.... The decrease (in income) was
a result of a marked decrease of 21,2% in income from field crops, especially
wheat, sunflower seed and maize.

"The lower income can be attributed to both lower production levels of winter
grain and lower prices farmers received for some of their products," he said.

"A decrease of 2,3% in gross farming income against an increase of 4% in
expenditure on intermediate production inputs resulted in a decrease of 14,7% in
farming profit to R38808m," Mr Thabethe said. "The total farming debt at the end
of December 2009 is estimated at R51,942bn compared with R47,044bn at the end of
2008 - an increase of 10,4%."

Mr Maree said: "The situation has not improved in 2010 and has remained stable
or slightly declined still further. The big problem is with administered prices
being borne by farmers, such as (a) more than 20% (rise) in the cost of
electricity and 10% increases in wages paid." Prices being earned are not up
that much on last year's figures, and later this year farmers expect substantial
increases in the price of water.

Agriculture Minister Tina Joemat-Pettersson said in her introduction to the
report a big challenge last year was to ensure the adequate supply of, and
access to, safe, nutritious and high-quality food at affordable prices.

"Although food prices remained high, they moderated slightly in the second half
of 2009. The overall cost of production inputs showed signs of a moderate
decline during the third quarter of 2009 after months of increases.

"Even in the face of the global economic recession and resultant high food
prices, SA's net trade in agricultural products remained positive," she said.

As a result of food prices moderating, farmers are receiving the same prices for
their products, despite rising input costs.

hartleyw@bdfm.co.za

Tina Joemat-Pettersson

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 31, 2008 Thursday

Chinese editorial hails central document on shoring up agriculture

LENGTH: 1431 words


Text of report by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)

[Renmin Ribao 31 January editorial: "Further Solidifying the Status of
Agriculture as the Foundation of the National Economy"]

Beijing, 30 Jan (Xinhua) - This newspaper today carries the full text of Some
Opinions of the CCP Central Committee and the State Council on Conscientiously
Strengthening the Status of Agriculture as the Foundation of the National
Economy and Further Promoting Agricultural Development and Income Growth for
Farmers. The "Opinions" is "Document No 1" drawn up by the central authorities
for the fifth year in a row since 2004 to guide the work involving the "three
rural issues" [san nong; agriculture, peasants, and rural areas]. It is a
Chinese New Year gift for the 900-million farmers from the party Central
Committee and the State Council.

Since the 16th Party Congress, the party Central Committee and the State Council
have upheld Deng Xiaoping Theory and the important thinking of the "Three
representations" as guidance, thoroughly implemented the scientific development
concept, advanced with the times by drawing up major guidelines and policies for
strengthening the work involving the "three rural issues," and successively
introduced five Central Documents Nos. 1 to guide agricultural and rural work,
respectively featuring the themes of promoting income growth for farmers,
improving the overall agricultural production capacity, advancing the drive to
build a new socialist countryside, developing modern agriculture, and
conscientiously strengthening the status of agriculture as the foundation of the
national economy, which together form the basic line of thinking and policy
system for strengthening the work involving the "three rural issues" in the new
period, serve as an institutional framework for using industry to promote
agriculture and for relying on urban areas to bring along rural areas, opening a
chapter of history in building a new socialist countryside, and ushering in yet
another spring for agricultural and rural development.

The past five years have been one of the periods in which our country has
experienced the best agricultural development, the countryside has undergone the
most changes, farmers have benefited the most in a tangible way, and cadres and
the masses have been in the best frame of mind. Thanks to the joint efforts of
the whole party and the people across the country, grain output has increased
for four consecutive years, and agricultural production has developed in an
all-around way. Farmers' incomes have grown at a sustained and fairly rapid
pace, and the standard of living has improved noticeably. Substantive steps have
been taken towards achieving long-anticipated balanced urban and rural
development; reform in rural areas has yielded interim breakthroughs; and
historic progress has been made in various undertakings in rural areas. A
favourable trend has been maintained with respect to the situation in
agriculture and rural areas, which has laid a solid foundation for and made
tremendous contributions to the overall situation of reform, development, and
stability. Practice has shown that the central authorities' major guidelines and
policies as well as policy decisions and plans for strengthening the work
involving the "three rural issues" are absolutely correct.

At a new stage of development in the new century, our country's agriculture and
rural areas are undergoing significant and profound changes, and many new
developments, contradictions, and problems have arisen. The constraints on
agriculture due to resource, environmental, and market factors have increased,
and it is more difficult to ensure a supply-and-demand balance for agricultural
products and continued income growth for farmers. For the most part,
agricultural and rural development is still at a stage where thorny and
difficult problems are being tackled, and we face an arduous and long-term task
of effectively resolving the "three rural issues." We must fully seize new
opportunities and grasp new challenges and heighten our sense of urgency about
successfully carrying out the work involving the "three rural issues." We must
remain vigilant about grain security at all times, always keep up our efforts to
consolidate the status of agriculture as the foundation of the national economy,
and remain committed at all times to the requirement for effectively resolving
the "three rural issues" as the most important part of work in the whole party.

High buildings rise from the ground. Agriculture is the foundation of the
national economy, which needs to be solidified and secured through unremitting
and vigorous efforts. We should be aware that the status of agriculture as the
foundation of the national economy is still rather weak in our country. This is
an age-old problem as well as a new contradiction that has come to prominence
during the course of industrialization and urbanization. This year's Central
Document No 1, featuring the theme of conscientiously strengthening the status
of agriculture as the foundation of the national economy and further promoting
agricultural development and income growth for farmers, accurately identifies
the pivotal issues in current agricultural and rural development and grasps the
basic problems in achieving sound and rapid economic and social development. It
is an important plan mapped out by the party Central Committee for the work
involving the "three rural issues" from the perspective of the overall situation
of economic and social development and the urgent needs of rural development.

In conscientiously strengthening the status of agriculture as the foundation of
the national economy, we must focus on the present and also plan for the long
term. We must further deepen our understanding of the status of agriculture as
the foundation of the national economy, ensure the basic supply of agricultural
products, constantly reinforce policies that strengthen and benefit agriculture,
increase investment in agriculture and rural areas by wide margins, concentrate
on accomplishing a few important things, give priority to building
infrastructure, accelerate the pace of improving the conditions for agricultural
production, focus on providing greater support in the form of agriculture
-related science and technology and personnel, vigorously develop socialized
services, expedite the development of social programmes in rural areas,
gradually improve basic public services in rural areas, stabilize and perfect
the basic operating system in rural areas, continue to deepen reform in rural
areas, and provide institutional guarantees for rural development.

This year marks the first year for comprehensively implementing the spirit of
the 17th Party Congress; it also marks the 30th anniversary of reform and
opening up and is a year in which the Beijing Olympic Games are to be hosted.
Successfully carrying out this year's work involving the "three rural issues"
and maintaining the sound momentum of agricultural and rural development have
special important significance for stabilizing the overall situation of economic
and social development. Therefore, we must go all out to promote agricultural
production so that it will not stall or decline, make conscientious efforts to
guarantee the basic supply of major agricultural products so that they are not
in short supply or do not go out of stock, ensure that the market prices of
major agricultural products do not rise or fall sharply, make active efforts to
ensure that the trend of income growth for farmers is not reversed or does not
slow down, and make sure that the drive to build a new countryside does not
slacken or stray from the original intention.

The tasks are formidable and the responsibility is heavy for us to successfully
carry out this year's agricultural and rural work. All localities and
departments must vigorously strengthen the status of agriculture as the
foundation of the national economy, actively promote stable agricultural
development and continued income growth for farmers, guarantee the basic supply
of major agricultural products, make conscientious efforts to resolve livelihood
issues in rural areas, advance the drive to build a new socialist countryside in
a down-to-earth manner, work energetically, forge ahead in an innovative spirit,
do solid work, and create new vistas for the work involving the "three rural
issues" according to the party Central Committee's plans and requirements.

Source: Xinhua news agency domestic service, Beijing, in Chinese 1605 gmt 30 Jan
08

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      December 4, 1998, Friday, Edition 1

FARM AID PACKAGE NEEDS CABINET APPROVAL

BYLINE: Valerie Lawton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Ottawa said to be looking at $460 million program


 OTTAWA BUREAU

    Canadian Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief was back in front of
 his cabinet colleagues yesterday with a pitch for a
 multi-million-dollar farm aid package.
    But he still doesn't have final approval.
    Vanclief wouldn't say how much money he's asking for, but a
 source in his department suggested Ottawa is looking at a program
 worth roughly $460 million this year and more than that the next.
    That's how much the Canadian Federation of Agriculture has asked
 for to help farmers survive in the face of collapsing commodity
 prices.
    ''That's probably not too far out,'' the official said yesterday.
    The federal government would pick up 60 per cent of that cost,
 and ask the provinces to pay for the rest.
    The bail-out program is expected to kick in when a farmer's gross
 margin - a measure of farm income - falls to less than 70 per
 cent of a historical average. The assistance would bring the
 gross margin back up to that 70 per cent level.
    Agriculture groups have warned that the low prices - especially
 for pork and grain - could push thousands of farmers into
 bankruptcy if there's no help.
    Some predictions suggest next year could be even worse than this
 one.


 Some predictions suggest next year could be worse


    The federal cabinet is studying the possibility of bringing in a
 continuing farm-disaster program.
    Vanclief also met with a cabinet committee last week and was told
 to return yesterday with more information.
    Some ministers were still asking for further clarification at
 that meeting.
    Vanclief still needs to go before full cabinet for approval.
    ''Things are progressing very, very well,'' he told reporters
 yesterday.
    He said he still hopes to make an announcement before Christmas.
    Cheques wouldn't actually start flowing until after farmers have
 filed their income tax forms next year.
    The Ontario government, however, has said it wants to get its
 portion of help out earlier than that.
    Inside the House of Commons yesterday, opposition MPs were
 demanding to know when farmers would receive some news.
    ''Why is the government continuing to put this off?'' asked
 Reform MP Deborah Grey.
    NDP Leader Alexa McDonough accused the minister of dragging his
 feet.


 'Canadian farmers don't need a Grinch as agriculture minister'


    ''Canadian farmers don't need a Grinch as agriculture minister,
 they need help now. How can the minister not understand the
 urgency?'' she wondered.
    Vanclief snapped back: ''The government is fully aware of the
 seriousness of the urgency and also of the importance of sending
 the message and informing the industry in this country (about the
 aid program) before Christmas, sooner rather than later.''
    Farm income across Canada is down about 20 per cent from last
 year.
    Hardest-hit are Saskatchewan and Manitoba, where income is down
 about 70 per cent and 50 per cent, respectively.



LOAD-DATE: December 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 23, 2008 Tuesday

12-23 Business digest

BYLINE: Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Dec. 23--USDA opens public comment to regulation changes

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting public comment Monday on a
new regulation changing adjusted gross income qualifications for disaster and
commodity programs, according to a USDA press release.

Changes include reducing qualifications for disaster and commodity programs from
an adjusted gross income of $2.5 million to a three-year average non-farm
adjusted gross income of $500,000, according to the release.

Public comments must be submitted to the department in 30 days, according to the
release.

USDA accepting applications for milk income loss program

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting applications Monday for the
milk income loss program and will continue until Sept. 30, 2012, according to a
USDA news release.

A part of the 2008 farm Bill, the program subsidizes dairy farmers when the
price of milk drops below a certain benchmark, according to the USDA Web site.

USDA accepting applications for subsidy program

The U.S. Department of Agriculture started accepting applications Monday for the
direct and counter-cyclical payment programs, according to a USDA news release.

The deadline to apply is June 1, 2009, according  to the release.

A part of the 2008 Farm Bill, the program computes payments using base acres and
payment yields established for each farm, according to the release.

Business Digest is compiled by CNJ staff writer Gabriel Monte. He may be
contacted at 763-6991, or by  e-mail:

gabe_monte@link.freedom.com

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081223-CJ-12-23-Business-digest-1223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2008 Clovis News Journal


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Ministers wrestle with grim times on the farm

BYLINE: JULIAN BRANCH

SECTION: News; A8

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: PRINCE ALBERT, Sask.


Tough times on the farm - some say as bad as the Depression of the 1930s - will
dominate talks over the next few days as Canada's agriculture ministers meet in
this northern Saskatchewan city.

''We will never, unfortunately, be able to take all of the risks out of the
industry of agriculture, because that is agriculture,'' federal Agriculture
Minister Lyle Vanclief said during a recent stop in Estevan, Sask., to announce
aid for rain-soaked farmers in parts of Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

''But if we can do all we can to take out some of the bumps and some of the
hollows, then we can continue to make it a stronger industry than it is (now).''

Farm income in 1998 was estimated to have hit its lowest point since the Great
Depression.  Plunging markets forced farmers across the country to sell $120
hogs for $60 and grain prices fell by about 40 per cent.

Saskatchewan and Manitoba were the hardest hit, with income falling 70 per cent
and 50 per cent from what it was the year before.

In December, Vanclief announced Ottawa would pay up to $900 million to prop up
farmers during the next two years. The provinces chipped in another $600 million
and the Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance Program was born.

U.S. Subsidies Blamed

But critics say the program itself is a disaster and what is really needed is
payment based on acreage. Some plan to confront Vanclief directly tomorrow, when
he arrives at the meeting.

''To this point we've seen no money,'' said Morris Precesky, who operates a
6,000-acre grain farm near Mayfair, Sask. ''And without money we're just using
our resources that we have, our equity, savings, just anything that we have to
try and make do.''

Precesky, who has farmed for 32 years, says he has never seen things so bad.

Many farmers agree, blaming their plight on a combination of American and
European subsidies coupled with low commodity prices, rising costs and a lack of
government support.

And it's not just Prairie producers who are feeling the pinch.

Fruit-growers in British Columbia are hurting, and beef and potato producers in
Nova Scotia haven't had a decent year in the past four.

Premier Roy Romanow says Saskatchewan will use the meeting to push for a
long-term farm safety net and urge Vanclief to combat foreign subsidies.

''The federal government has to decide that food and agricultural policy is
somewhere near the top of national priorities. And it hasn't done that yet.''

Vanclief said Canada has a challenge when it comes to leveling the playing
field, but is convinced it's possible.

''Can we get there overnight in the next round of World Trade Organization
talks?'' he asked, referring to a fall meeting in Seattle. ''I can tell you
we're going to fight like heck to get there.''


LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               February 10, 1988

Farmers call for help to fight incomes fall

LENGTH: 408 words


Britain's farmers yesterday urged the Government to introduce measures to
reverse rapidly falling incomes and fight unfair European competition. The
Government's refusal to devalue the green pound, the EC's agricultural currency,
affected all farmers, was a tax on exports, a subsidy to EC competitors and
threatened jobs, said Simon Gourlay, the National Farmers Union president.

He told Agriculture Minister John MacGregor that while British farm exports to
Europe were penalised because of the over-valued green pound, foreign
competitors were being subsidised to send their produce to the UK.


Dutch competitors paid Pounds 16 a tonne less for their animal feed than UK
farmers and received a subsidy of Pounds 70 for every tonne of bacon they
exported to Britain. Many UK pig farmers were losing money and receiving less
for their produce than five years ago, Mr Gourlay said at the NFU's annual
meeting in London.

Farm incomes in Britain were at their second lowest level since the last war,
more than 20,000 full-time jobs in agriculture had been lost in the past two
years and the situation was worsening.

'A devaluation of the green pound is an absolute necessity to enable Britain's
farmers to get on legel terms with their EC competitors,' Mr Gourlay said.

'Without it, the industry will not be able to generate enough income to make a
reasonable return on investment and will be unable to invest in its future in
order to be competitive.'

Mr MacGregor told the meeting that the Common Market farm policy would collapse
under its own weight unless agricultural surpluses were controlled.

'These surpluses are threatening to blow the EC apart and spending on
agriculture has risen by more than 40 per cent in the last three years. This
cannot be justified,' he said.

EC taxpayers spent more than Pounds 12,500 million last year tackling the
surpluses. That was a 'waste of taxpayers' money and of valuable economic
resources which could and should be better directed elsewhere.'

While accepting that farm incomes were falling, he said the Government had
substantially increased its support to British agriculture over the years.

Last year taxpayers contributed Pounds 1,444 million in grants and subsidies.
'Taxpayers' support for agriculture is 17 times greater than that for
manufacturing industries. The scale of support under this Government to
agriculture is substantial and still growing.'

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            January 30, 2001 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Lawmakers look to develop new farm subsidy program

BYLINE: PHILIP BRASHER The Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 452 words


WASHINGTON -- Farmers need a new subsidy program to tide them over when
commodity prices are low, eliminating the need for annual disaster bills, the
chairman of the House Agriculture Committee said Monday.

Rep. Larry Combest, R-Texas, said he has asked farm groups to develop proposals
for a payment program that could be implemented in 2002.

It's too late to have a new program ready for this year, although farmers likely
will need some emergency aid to compensate for low commodity prices and rising
energy costs, he said.

"I think the ag economy is much more fragile than most folks realize," Combest
said. "We are so fragile we are right on the edge" of widespread farm failures.

The 1996 farm law was designed to phase out agricultural supports, but Congress
has provided three successive, multibillion-dollar bailouts of the farm economy
over the past three years. Some farm groups say a new subsidy program is needed
so farmers don't have to ask Congress for additional aid each year.

Such a "countercyclical" program, in which payments would be tied to declines in
crop prices and farm income, would make it easier for farmers to do financial
planning each year, because they wouldn't have to depend on predicting what
Congress might do, said Combest.

"It gives them some certainty that there is something there if they need some
assistance," Combest said.

He plans to begin hearings on the issue next month. The 1996 farm law expires in
2002 but Combest has said doesn't want to wait until then to develop a new
subsidy program.

The Bush administration isn't likely to offer its own proposals but "is very
supportive of what we are doing," Combest said. Agriculture Secretary Ann
Veneman has deflected questions about farm policy.

Getting farmers to agree on a new program will be difficult, said Bob Stallman,
president of the American Farm Bureau Federation, the nation's largest farm
organization. A payment system popular with one region or commodity may seem
unfair to other producers.

One idea advanced by some Midwest lawmakers would offer growers higher federal
price supports in return for agreeing not to farm part of their land.

"It's possible to come up with a countercyclical program," Stallman said.
"Whether everyone is going to be happy, that's where it's going to be tough."

The Agriculture Department estimates net farm income will fall 10 percent this
year, or about $4.1 billion, without another package of emergency aid from
Congress.

Last year, farmers received $8 billion in emergency assistance from Congress,
boosting net farm income for the year to $45.4 billion. Average farm income for
the 1990s was $45.3 billion a year.

ON THE WEB

House Agriculture Committee: http://agriculture.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 6, 1991, Monday

Goldsmith to fund green alliance

BYLINE: By NICHOLAS SCHOON and VIRGINIA MYERS

SECTION: HOME NEWS PAGE; Page 2

LENGTH: 731 words


SIR JAMES GOLDSMITH, once one of Britain's leading food manufacturers and
retailers, is to fund a ''green'' farming alliance, because he believes the food
industry produces unsafe products, and is ruining the environment and rural
society.

He is ready to give pounds 1m to sponsor the Safe (Sustainable Agriculture, Food
and Environment) Alliance, a grouping of small farmers, organic growers and
green organisations.

According to his brother Teddy Goldsmith, an environmentalist, Sir James's
resolve was strengthened after a stormy meeting last month with the Minister for
Agriculture, John Gummer. Their angriest exchanges concerned the safety of food
additives.

The meeting ended with Mr Gummer leaving the room at his Whitehall headquarters.
He did not say goodbye and his visitors from Safe did not know whether the
meeting was over, according to Tim Lang, head of the pressure group Parents for
Safe Food, who was there. ''The temperature was pretty high,'' he said.

The ministry's press office conceded there had been ''a vigorous exchange of
views'' but Mr Gummer had been ''his usual polite self''.

Although Safe says it is not party political, it is likely to campaign against
the Government at the next election. At a time when European farming and the
EC's Common Agricultural Policy are in crisis, Safe's founders say the
Government, and Mr Gummer, are a malign influence.

Safe wants the enormous farm subsidies paid by EC taxpayers switched away from
intensive agriculture into smaller-scale, environmentally-friendly farming.

The Government wants to cut taxpayer support. It strongly opposes any preferment
of small farmers over large ones, on the grounds that they are less efficient
and that the average British farm is much larger than its European counterpart.

Sir James could not be contacted yesterday. But speaking at his London home soon
after the meeting, he said: ''He (Mr Gummer) represents the agro-chemical
industry and the large farms, and his rejection of the MacSharry plan is wholly
irresponsible.''

Earlier this year Ray MacSharry, the EC Agriculture Commissioner, presented a
reform plan which would sharply reduce the subsidised prices Europe's farmers
receive for their crops whilst guaranteeing an income for small farmers.

It was rejected by most European farm ministers, led by Mr Gummer. Britain's
main farming union, the NFU, has also campaigned against it.

Sir James said he would be available for advice but would remain in the
background.

''Most of these groups are peopled by fervent believers and militants and their
followers, and their motivation should not be blunted. Funded, but not
blunted.''

Teddy Goldsmith, who founded The Ecologist magazine, said yesterday: ''The
meeting with Mr Gummer was a confrontation between two totally different
philosophies of agriculture. Ours is now an electoral force - you are talking of
millions of concerned people.''

Sir James once owned food brands such as Ambrosia, Marmite and Bovril, as well
as supermarkets in Britain, France and the US. Only a year ago he had built up
an important shareholding in one of the UK's largest food groups, Rank Hovis
McDougall.

Safe includes the Federation of Family Farms, an amalgamation of five small farm
organisations from England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, as well as The
Ecologist and Parents for Safe Food, whose best known member is the comedian
Pamela Stephenson.

It does not yet include any of the mainstream environmental organisations who
have produced their own proposals for making the Common Agricultural Policy more
environmentally friendly, such as the Council for the Protection of Rural
England, the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds and Friends of the Earth.

As well as campaigning for fewer additives, fertilisers and pesticides, the new
alliance will also press for better conditions for farm animals and for
labour-intensive farming, which keeps people on the land.

Professor Vincent Marks, head of nutrition at Surrey University, yesterday said
pressure groups such as Parents for Safe Food were usually motivated by
unscientific phobias, and compared them to ''mind police.''

He said: ''Snacks - despite the recent attacks upon them - have a useful role to
play as part of a balanced, healthy diet. To suggest these foods are bad for you
is so groundless it almost defies description.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Independent Print Ltd


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            April 11, 2015 Saturday

Businessmen advocate cut in corporate tax rate to 25pc Budget proposals for
2015-16

SECTION: Vol. XXIX No. 41

LENGTH: 680  words


The business community has advocated the government to cut the corporate tax
rate by 2 percent annually to bring it down to 25 per cent over the next four
years from the current rate of 33 per cent while the individual income tax
exemption should be raised from Rs400,000 to Rs600,000.

Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FPCCI) president Mian
Adrees suggested that all incomes including agriculture should be taxed.

He recommended that income tax on agriculture should be increased and
agriculture income should be brought under tax net, as agriculture sector
contributed around 23 percent share in overall GDP of Pakistan, but its share in
total tax collection was just two percent.

He also suggested the government to establish a single Business Registration
Authority to maintain complete database of business entities, stressing that the
sales tax and income tax return forms should be made simple and standardised so
that taxpayers do not have to face the hassle of new tax return forms on an
annual basis.

The FPCCI believes that sales tax should be non-adjustable and non-refundable
and be collected at single stage at import or manufacturing.

In value-added chain industry, GST should be collected at 0.5pc on each stage of
value-addition to complete the chain.

LCCI former vice president Kashif Anwar observed that the country was passing
through tough and difficult time and added that the budget may not have big
changes nor bring big relief.

Kashif Anwar said that it was high time for Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) to
introduce business and industrial-friendly polices in the federal budget 2015-6.

He said that FBR officials squeeze the existing tax payers to meet the revenue
targets.

It is also high time that taxation base be widened.

Pakistan's overall tax-to-GDP ratio has remained stagnant at around 9 percent or
so and in fact has shown a decline in recent years.

During 80s and 90s tax-to-GDP ration was 12 to 13 percent, respectively.

He proposed that untaxed or under taxed sectors should be brought into tax net.

Measures should be adopted to raise at least one percent tax to GDP every year
till 2020.

He said that the increase in number of taxes always encourages people to stay
out of tax net while cut in tax rates expands tax base therefore the government
should rationalize tax tariffs instead of making any increase in their rates.

Kashif Anwar said that the prevailing rate of 17 percent sale tax was high as
compared to other countries in the region and this high rate was root cause of
tax evasion, corruption and smuggling.

He also proposed that the government should establish alternative energy
ministry and opposed government proposal to merge textile ministry with commerce
ministry.

He said that India had already separated ministry for alternative energy.

Pakistan Industrial and Traders Associations Front (PIAF) called for a tax-free
budget for the year 2015-16 to achieve economic goals set by the government.

Malik Tahir Javaid said that the government would have to allocate more funds
towards the energy generation projects as the shortage of electricity had
already caused irreparable loss to the overall economy and the economic
activities in the country.

He said that it was imperative to achieve revenue targets that they are set
realistically keeping in view the ground realities.

He said that new taxes, means the more burdens on the existing tax payers that
would ultimately increase the cost of doing business.

PML-N Traders Wing Punjab president Muhammad Ali Mian said that the fact remains
that the Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and the Finance Minister Ishaq Dar were
putting in their best efforts to attract much-needed foreign investment in the
country but their efforts would bear fruit only when the taxation procedures are
simple and their rates are on the lower side.

He said that the private sector should be facilitated for the creation of jobs
as the government alone cannot provide jobs to all the unemployed graduates
therefore the coming budget should be tax free having incentives for the
manufacturing sector.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 3 -- Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research
(NFS&R), Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being
made to improve farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with
markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for well-thought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household livelihood. Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas
like livestock, horticulture, and fisheries as well as non-farm sector would
benefit and this would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and
generate raw material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                           November 10, 2011 Thursday

Inflation-hit agri sector worries experts

BYLINE: Binay Singh

SECTION: VARANASI

LENGTH: 905 words


VARANASI: While the common people are feeling the heat of the fresh hike in
petroleum price, agricultural scientists are worried about the deteriorating
condition of agriculture. Agriculture is the pivotal sector in India for
ensuring food and nutritional security, sustainable development and for
alleviation of poverty.

"The inflationary trends in the agricultural commodities at the consumer end and
bottleneck are likely to continue in the future also. The most unfortunate part
of this trend is that the both extreme ends of supply chain, the farmers and
consumers are the worst hit. Our Prime Minister has emphasised on the need to
double annual food grain production from 210 million tones to 420 million tones
by 2015, which is also incidentally a benchmark year for achieving the UN
Millennium Development Goals," said agricultural scientist Saket Kushwaha of the
department of agricultural economics, Institute of Agricultural Sciences,
Banaras Hindu University (BHU).

He said the targeted food production was expected to come from the reduced
cultivable land, depleting water resources, deteriorating soil and predominantly
monoculture rice, wheat cropping system. "One of the pathetic facts is that a
large chunk of cultivable land near almost all big towns is being abused by
concrete jungles every year geometrically," he told TOI.

According to him, the credit for Green Revolution goes to high yielding dwarf
variety of wheat and rice, use of chemical fertilizers, disease resistant gene
deployed to insulate the crop to their enemies, new agronomic practices,
intensive training at various levels. However, the last 10 years have witnessed
a fatigue in the green revolution with the growth rate in food grain production
falling below population growth.

The document of Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) -Vision 2030 also
suggests that agriculture contribution in the gross domestic product is
declining in India, which in 2008-09 touched at 15.7% from about 30% in 1990-91.
According to the report, during the last two decades, the average annual growth
of agriculture sector was less than half (around 3%) of the overall average
growth of the economy (6-7%). Industrial and service sectors have outpaced
performance of agriculture sector during the last two decades. But the
proportion of workforce engaged in agriculture did not commensurate with the
decline of its share in the gross domestic product. At present also, agriculture
sector provides employment to about 52% of the workforce that used to be about
61% in 1990-91. These starkly different trends reveal that incomes in non-
agriculture sector are growing faster than agriculture sector. And a sizable
workforce from agriculture is needed to be shifted to non-agriculture sector for
income and livelihood opportunities. Hence, in the country the research and
development focus needs to be reoriented in a way to develop and promote those
technologies that raise agricultural income and ensure employment opportunities
in the agri-supply chain to a vast majority of the workforce.

The ICAR report further suggests that during the first decade of the 21st
century, two contrasting trends have been noticed. On one hand, India is being
recognised as the global power in the key economic sectors with consistent high
economic growth and, on the other hand, its slow growth observed in the
agriculture sector is causing concerns for the future food and nutritional
security of the country. Nearly one-third of the country's population lives
below poverty line, and about 80 per cent of land mass is highly vulnerable to
drought, floods and cyclones. It is now realized that agriculture sector would
have to face several challenges and threats, along with the opportunities that
are emanating from both supply and demand perspectives. The preconditions for
making agriculture sector more remunerative and sustainable would be to evolve
effective mechanisms for technology delivery and to enhance capacity of all
stakeholders in the invention-innovation continuum.

Indian agriculture is dominated by small farmers, having small landholdings for
cultivation. According to ICAR report, average size of the landholding declined
to 1.32 ha in 2000-01 from 2.30 ha in 1970-71, and absolute number of
operational holdings increased from about 70 million to 121 million. If this
trend continues, the average size of holding in India would be mere 0.68 ha in
2020, and would be further reduced to a low of 0.32 ha in 2030. This is a very
complex and serious problem. Besides, demand for food and processed commodities
is increasing due to growing population and rising per capita income. There are
projections that demand for food grains would increase from 192 million tons in
2000 to 345 million tons in 2030. Hence in the next 20 years, production of food
grains needs to be increased at the rate of 5.5 million tons annually.

According to Saket Kushwaha of the department of Agricultural Economics,
Institute of Agricultural Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (BHU), the term
food security means three square meals per day for a person.

But, the harsh reality of food security particularly among the people living
below poverty line could be understood with the facts of the government's BPL
census. According to the report, scores of people could not get even one square
meal per day for major part of the year in the country.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 28, 2008 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

A horn of plenty for Minnesota farmers;
The rules of supply and demand helped boost profit to levels not seen in 35
years.

BYLINE: MATT McKINNEY, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 859 words


Fortune smiled on rural Minnesota in 2007, as median farm income soared 73
percent in a year, to $105,000, on runaway demand for corn, milk, wheat and
soybeans.

A University of Minnesota survey of 2,600 farms concluded that it was the most
profitable year for the state's farmers since 1973.

"We're in one of those golden ages of agriculture," said Dale Nordquist,
associate director of the Center for Farm Financial Management at the
university, which does the annual survey.

The agricultural boom comes as Congress nears completion of a farm bill that
will likely continue huge subsidies to farmers, no matter how successful their
current crops. This year alone, the government expects to pay $13 billion to
farmers who grow one of five major commodities, including corn, soybean and
wheat.

Skyrocketing farm income will bolster subsidy critics who say they are
unnecessary and wasteful.

And it comes as the general public has become acutely aware of rising food costs
as prices have jumped in recent months for milk, eggs and others staples.

Farm income has been rising for several years now, not just in Minnesota.
Farmers nationwide will make $92.3 billion this year, according to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture, up $3.6 billion from last year. That's $30 billion
more than the average of the past 10 years.

Huge jumps most everywhere

The bonanza was yet more evidence of the extraordinary demand on farms as
ethanol and surging global appetites have outstripped the farmers' ability to
supply markets.

Dairy farms saw median income rise 141 percent, according to the survey. Crop
farmers were up 68 percent, and beef farmers were up 151 percent. Hog farmers,
meanwhile, stuck with ever-rising bills for their feed and a flat pork market,
suffered through a miserable year, dropping 58 percent to a median farm income
of $65,720.

Far from sparking celebrations across farm country, rising profits have put
worry into the minds of farmers who fear ever-rising seed, feed, fertilizer and
land costs will jump again to meet higher incomes. Farm costs rose from an
average $449,248 to $515,400 last year, according to the survey.

"We can easily be our own worst enemy," said Lance Peterson, a soybean farmer in
Underwood, and president of the Minnesota Soybean Growers Association.

Costs rising for farmers

Farmers will be tempted to raise more crops under the assumption that the
current market conditions will last, creating a run on land that will pump up
land rents and wipe out the farmer's profit margins. Peterson's farm cost $250
an acre to run three years ago, but hovers above $400 today, he said. His crop
insurance covers 70 percent of losses, meaning a drought could cost him much
more than it has in the past.

"The biggest thing is the amount of risk it has added to my operation," he said.

Farmers' costs are rising across the board, said Dan Davidson, staff agronomist
at DTN in Omaha, a news and information agency. Seed is up 20 percent, chemicals
10 percent, fertilizer 50 percent, fuel 50 percent and land 15 to 20 percent.

"This is being driven by the fact that commodity prices are being driven up,"
Davidson said. "Corn and soybeans are double what they were 18 months ago."

A government forecast said food inflation, after rising 5 percent 2007, should
continue at about 4 percent this year, with some foods climbing higher.

State Agriculture Commissioner Gene Hugoson agreed that prices are high, but
said he's baffled by the public's seeming indifference to skyrocketing oil
prices.

"There's no doubt about it that the farmers have made some money here, but
there's a lot more effect on food prices due to oil prices than from
raw-materials prices. Why aren't people protesting the oil company profits or
Middle Eastern embassies?" he asked.

But how long food inflation lasts depends on a thicket of forces, including one
never before seen in agriculture: hedge funds. The agriculture markets have seen
the arrival of billions of dollars from investment managers who sensed
opportunity as first corn and then wheat and soybean futures prices jumped
during the ethanol boom.

Today, hundreds of billions of dollars in the agriculture marketplace come from
people far outside the food chain, and market decisions made by some of the fund
managers can have as large an effect on prices as traditional supply-and-demand
forces, said Peterson, of the soybean association.

"It's an outside influence on the market that no one had envisioned," he said.

The agriculture markets have become so topsy-turvy this year that the U.S.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission plans a conference next month at its
Washington headquarters to study the causes.

Matt McKinney - 612-673-7329

FARM INCOME JUMPS IN 2007

New research shows 2007 was the most profitable year for Minnesota farmers in
more than three decades. A survey of about 2,600 farms shows median income rose
more than 70 percent.

MEDIAN NET FARM INCOME

1993: $26,469

2007: $105,431

Source: Center for Farm Financial Management, University of Minnesota

(See microfilm for complete chart.)

Rising farm income

For a summary of annual farm finances in Minnesota from 2003 through 2007, go to
www.startribune.com/a4196

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See microfilm for complete chart.

GRAPHIC: CHART

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 24, 2016 Tuesday

Agriculture a Key Driver in Reducing Poverty in Bangladesh: World Bank

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: New York





   DHAKA: Agriculture is a leading contributor to poverty reduction in
Bangladesh since 2000, a new World Bank report said.  The country now needs to
shift towards high-value agriculture, including horticulture, livestock, and
fisheries as well as greater value addition to improve farmers' income and
household nutrition.



   The report launched today, "Dynamics of Rural Growth in Bangladesh:
Sustaining Poverty Reduction," says pro-poor agricultural growth has stimulated
the non-farm economy. It estimates that a 10 percent rise in farm income
generates a 6 percent rise in non-farm income. Hence, the growth of the non-farm
economy largely depends on agriculture. Although rural non-farm employment is
almost 2 times higher than all urban employment put together, non-farm
activities are not progressing sufficiently in scope or sophistication. The
report calls for greater attention to foster a robust rural non-farm economy.

   "Bangladesh has raised agricultural productivity significantly in the last
few decades. It is remarkable that, with so many people and so little arable
land, the country has been able to provide sufficient food for almost everyone,"
said Qimiao Fan, World Bank Country Director for Bangladesh, Bhutan and Nepal.
"While rice will remain its focus, Bangladesh needs to find effective ways to
diversify its agriculture, as well as adapt to a changing climate."

   Bangladesh is widely recognized for its progress in human development, but
its achievements in agriculture remain little known. Several factors supported
the sector's growth: extensive irrigation, high-yielding varieties, more
efficient markets, and mechanization, all backed by policy reforms and
investments in agriculture research, human capital, and roads.

   The country needs to invest more in research on non-rice crops, livestock,
and fishery as well as infrastructure to support the shift towards high-value
agriculture. Today, the largest share of public expenditure on agriculture goes
to subsidies.  Almost half of the farmers overuse fertilizers. Excessive amount
of chemical fertilizers are creating environmental and health hazards.

   "The market operates smoothly in Bangladesh.  The country now needs upgraded
market facilities, increased investments in roads to connect secondary cities,
improved rural logistics and access to finance to move to the next level, with
more modern and efficient supply chains," said Madhur Gautam, Team Leader for
the study. "These improvements will help increase income and productivity, and
they are especially important as Bangladesh transitions to a more modern food
system involving high-value products and greater value addition."

   The study is undertaken in partnership with the Planning Commission of the
Government of Bangladesh. The study identifies key changes in the rural economy,
principal drivers of rural income, policy implications, and actions needed to
foster growth, reduce poverty, and improve food security and nutrition.




LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 1, 1990, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Up 2% in May

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 388 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 31


Prices farmers get for raw products increased 2 percent in May from April,
raising the overall commodity index 3.4 percent above a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Higher prices for hogs, corn, hay, broilers and lettuce fueled the increase over
the last month, the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in its
preliminary report.

The average price for all hogs of $60.50 per hundred pounds of live weight was
the second highest on record, topped only by $62.10 in August 1986.

Lower prices were reported for eggs, onions, milk and cattle.

While beef cattle prices showed a slight decline, calf prices increased. Prices
for sorghum and soybeans were also up from April levels, but barley, wheat and
rice dropped slightly.

Agriculture economists said the climb of 3.4 percent in the index of all
commodities over a year earlier was propelled by increases in hogs, cattle, milk
and grapefruit.

Farm Income Expected to Rise

The economists have been saying that net cash income of farmers in 1990 may be
in the range of $55 billion to $59 billion, compared with about $53 billion last
year. The record was $57.2 billion in 1988.

Net cash income is the money nationally that farmers have left from gross cash
income during a calendar year after deducting cash expenses. It includes
Government payments and proceeds from crops grown previously but sold during the
year.

Consumer food prices are forecast by the department to rise 3 percent to 5
percent this year after posting an average gain of 5.7 percent in 1989, the
sharpest rise since 1981.

Based on the preliminary figures, the May price index for livestock and poultry
rose 1.2 percent from April and averaged 10 percent above the level of a year
ago.

Milk prices dropped 20 cents from April to an average of $13.20 per 100 pounds.
Even so, the preliminary May price remained 90 cents above the level of a year
ago.

Crop prices, over all, rose 3.1 percent from April but averaged 4.9 percent
below the level a year earlier. Fruit prices fueled by oranges and grapefruit
were up 3.6 percent from last month, about the same level as a year ago.

The index for commercial vegetables climbed 3.4 percent from the April level but
was down 21 percent from a year earlier. Lettuce and tomatoes were up while
carrots and onions were down.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

Pakistan: MQM raises farm tax issue

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 16 -- Some ministers belonging to the MQM on Wednesday demanded
from Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf to impose the agriculture income tax
(AIT) during the cabinet meeting when the government presented bills for
approving tax amnesty schemes.

Triggering of this debate at the highest decision-making forum of the country
coincided with another event aseconomists during the PIDE conference on
Wednesday disclosed that according to conservative estimate, the government
could fetch Rs80-115 billion by imposing the AIT.

Currently, big feudal families like Zardaris, Legaharis, Tiwanas, Khars,
Mamdots, Tarins, Syeds and many others occupying key slots in governments,
bureaucracy, judiciary and parliament are paying less than Rs2 billion per annum
at a time when the government was making efforts to broaden the tax base.

"There will be a full-fledged debate in parliament but the big landlords should
also be brought into the tax net," Federal Minister for Ports and Shipping,
Babar Ghauri, stated during the cabinet meeting held here under the chairmanship
of Prime Minister Raja Pervaiz Ashraf on Wednesday.

Other cabinet ministers of the MQM stated that there would be no justification
to continue exemption of influential class while the government taxed others.On
other hand, the economists have estimated that the government could generate
Rs80 billion to Rs115 billion by imposing the AIT.

On the second day of the conference organised by the Pakistan Institute of
Development Economics (PIDE) in collaboration with other partners, renowned
economist Anjum Nasim presented a research paper on "Agriculture Income
Taxation: Estimation of Revenue Potential in Punjab" and stated that there could
be different scenarios for imposing the agriculture income tax.

He said that one estimate suggested that by using the income tax rates
applicable under the Finance Bill 2012, the potential tax revenues for the
Punjab from crop farming on the basis of production achieved in 2009-10 would be
Rs16-20 billion, assuming no difference in average yield per acres among small
and large farmers.

"If the yield of large farmers (with farm size of 25 acres and above) is 50
percent more than that of small farmers, then the tax potential is estimated at
Rs24-29 billion," he maintained. Had the tax been in place in the tax year 2010,
the tax revenues would have been between Rs55-75 billion if small and large
farmers were equally productive and the revenue would be standing between
Rs63-79 billion if large farmers were 50 percent more productive than small
farmers.

Using these estimates for the Punjab, Anjum Nasim said that the potential tax
revenues from the agriculture crop income for the whole country would be in the
range of Rs80 to Rs115 billion in 2009-10 compared with Rs529 billion collected
as federal direct taxes (mostly income taxes) from non-agriculture sector in
2009-10. Giving reasons for low revenue collection from the existing AIT in the
provinces, he said that the current scheme of agriculture income tax was
effectively a tax on land of over 12.5 acres and not on incomes and the
provincial governments had not revised the tax rates to reflect the change in
the income potential from land. He proposed redesigning the land tax by shifting
the tax burden more heavily on large landowners.

He also pointed out that the increased share of the provinces following the 7th
NFC Award also created disincentive for the provinces to tap own sources of
revenue Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                             April 5, 2012 Thursday

Modernising the agriculture sector

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1056 words


OVER the years, the agriculture sector has steadily become an important
contributor to Malaysia's gross domestic product (GDP), employment, export
revenue as well as economic and rural development.

Excluding industrial crops such as oil palm and rubber, the agriculture sector
contributed RM20 billion, or four per cent, of Malaysia's Gross National Income
(GNI) in 2009.

As Malaysia moves towards becoming a high-income nation in 2020, the target is
set for RM49 billion.

While traditionally labelled as the poor man's sector, the face of agriculture
is slowly changing as entrepreneurs in diverse businesses like swiftlet
nest-ranching and large-scale padi (rice) farmers are able to now move up to
Malaysia's high-income group.

Recognising the crucial role that agriculture can play in a nation's economy,
the government has set several key targets for the Agriculture and Agro-Based
Industry Ministry under the Ministerial Key Results Area (MKRA) initiative of
the Government Transformation Programme (GTP).

The aim was mainly to transform agriculture into agribusiness, moving towards a
model that is anchored on market-centricity and economies of scale.

The government realised that in order to ensure sustainability, the industry
needed to be invigorated.

The establishment of the MKRAs itself is a transformational change in the way
that government delivery is performed.

It is a more transparent and engaging process, one that focuses on ministerial
responsibility and delivery.

The MKRA and its attendant Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) is about
identifying priorities and setting targets for the individual ministers and
their ministries.

In this regard, the Agriculture and Agro-based Industry Minister, Datuk Seri Noh
Omar, had a range of initiatives that he had to deliver in 2011 to uphold his
duties and obligations to the rakyat.

Plans were put in place to develop better infrastructure and management
techniques and technology and increase the productivity in padi farming, seaweed
farming and temperate vegetables farming by more than 40 per cent.

The industry needed to be moved into an environment where innovation and
increased market accessibility to agri-based products characterised its
evolution.

Noh Omar said: "We need to cultivate an environment for the farming industry
where farmers see themselves as businessmen. Our role is to facilitate the
process and invest in capacity building in order to grow the agri-industry to
become a key contributor to the nation's economic wealth."

One of the programmes introduced under the minister's purview was the Azam Tani
initiative, which is targeted at the rural poor and enables the extreme poor to
get involved in agro- and agri-based businesses, such as poultry-rearing,
aquaculture and food processing projects.

The Azam Tani initiative is part of the 1Azam programme under the Low-Income
Households National Key Results Area (NKRA).

Aside from providing participants with agro-based or agriculture equipment,
livestock, seeds and fertilisers, the ministry also provided training programmes
and guidance for participants for better management of their projects.

The programme has impacted the lives of participants like Maimun Achoi and Abdul
Jalil and has enabled them to lead better lives and provide for their families.

"Before the 1Azam programme, life was difficult especially with seven
school-going children. Every month, any additional money was used to buy
fertiliser so that we could plant vegetables. It was a continuous cycle that
didn't help to improve our situation.

"If the weather was good, we could get RM1,000 a month, but through Azam Tani,
we can get an income of RM200 per day."

In 2011, a KPI was set for 8,000 farmers to enrol. The ministry was able to
assist a total of 7,632 participants.

The ministry also met its target in amalgamating 5,000ha of land to facilitate
better farm management techniques for the farmers.

Aside from assisting farmers in better management skills, the ministry was also
tasked further with developing the nation's aquaculture industry to tap the
demand for premium products for export.

In order to do this, the ministry will need to set up aquaculture farms
certified with Good Agricultural Practices (GAP), which is the world's foremost
harmonised agriculture standard.

Noh Omar also understands the importance of nurturing the development of an
agri-based business and turning micro agro-entrepreneurs and farmers into higher
level agro-entrepreneurs to provide them with the certainty of an additional
income stream.

To achieve this, the 1Malaysia Best Programme was implemented. The aim was to
create a brand identity and endorsement for Malaysian agriculture and
aquaculture products to be sold both in the local and in the global market.

"We want farmers to develop skills to have a better life. Providing a wider
market access for products from the industry is one way of achieving this. We
give them the right incentives and opportunities to participate in expositions
both locally and abroad, financial assistance for promotions, and improving
farmers marketing skills through entrepreneurship training. This has created
opportunities for farmers to practice high-value agriculture and reach markets
at all levels," he said.

The success of this programme is in the numbers. More than 100 products under
the 1Malaysia Best brand are now available in the Middle East, Singapore,
Brunei, Vietnam and Australia.

To further grow market share, the ministry is looking at expanding the products
presence into China.

In 2011, the ministry met its KPI and succeeded in developing 250 micro
agri-entrepreneurs with a sales turnover of at least RM100,000 per annum.

In tandem with the growing global demand for fully-certified seafood, the
ministry has its sights higher for this year.

To develop a significant, market-driven aquaculture industry capable of
supplying a major share of high-value aquatic foods, the ministry is targeting
10,464 tonnes of shrimp production and 35,000 tonnes of dry seaweed production
for the year.

Indeed, this transformation agenda for the sector will not only change the lives
of the farming community for the better but also set the nation's Agriculture
and Agro-based industry on a more visible able platform to tap into the rapidly
growing and expanding global market for agriculture based products.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                                  July 5, 2011

Farm incomes recover, but direct payments vital - IFA

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 203 words


THE final CSO farm income for 2010 released confirms the recovery in agriculture
, however average farm incomes are still only EUR 18,000, according to IFA
President John Bryan.

Mr Bryan said: "The Single Farm Payment and the farm schemes continue to be
crucial for all farm families and make up a very significant proportion of net
farm income. Teagasc figures show that direct payments made up 94% of farm
income last year." He added that the income increase indicated a recovery in the
sector after two very difficult years in agriculture, where incomes dropped by
over 40%. "Escalating fuel, feed and fertiliser costs are dampening the recovery
and adding to volatility, which has the potential to undermine production as our
model of family farming cannot absorb the impact of a 'boom-bust' cycle." The
IFA President said" "In the context of the EU budget proposals, and decisions on
the public finances, the figures demonstrate the importance of direct payments
and Government support for schemes in underpinning agriculture's contribution to
the economy. It is vital that all existing supports are maintained to achieve
the growth and export targets for agriculture and the food industry set out in
Food Harvest 2020."

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 27, 2013

Middle class is losing out

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 419  words


This past week, I worked a lot on tax credits and deductions, including the
earned income tax credit that helps lower-income residents. It's a very good
program that rewards work by offsetting income taxes. I also worked on the Endow
Iowa tax credit, a program where income tax filers can get a tax credit when
they contribute to a permanently endowed fund at one of Iowa's qualified
community foundations.

Both of these programs are very beneficial; they help the higher and lower
incomes of society. My issue is the few income tax reduction programs for the
middle class. I am pushing comprehensive income tax reform where every
individual and family can see their taxes reduced.

Vilsack on Iowa Ag

I had the opportunity to visit with U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack,
this week. I was very impressed with the information he presented and his plan
for agriculture.

As we talked, he wanted the agriculture community to know there will be a new
sign up for CRP in May and the rent price looks to go up on this program. He
also noted if the Federal Government does not get a budget reduction deal
approved every line item in every budget must be reduced by 5%. This is
significant! I am in support of this plan as it starts controlling federal
spending.

Secretary Visack also noted that 85% of our food being produced is coming from
about 250,000 farmers. This is noteworthy. This means that only one-tenth of one
percent of society is growing the nation's food supply. This has been cut in
half in the last 15 years.

Finally, he stated, in 2009 the U.S. was importing about 62 percent of its oil.
Today that number has shrunk to 45 percent. This is because of increased
renewable fuels being used. Now, if we could only drill more in the U.S. and
finish the Keystone pipeline we could get this number closer to zero. We must
become more energy independent.

Cannot Win

It is truly amazing to see all the different bills each year that garner
justification from stakeholders and citizenry to be passed. Each policy that
gets passed usually costs someone something. Either it's your money or some form
of liberty lost.

It's not easy making these policy decisions. When is it enough? It always seems
like it's just a little here and a little there. However, each year, as things
get passed, it costs each citizen more dollars and fewer liberties. Government
is far-reaching in all aspects of our lives and we have allowed this to happen.
Government has become all encompassing from cradle to grave. This must be
changed!!

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 Sioux County Index Reporter


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

Pakistan: Govt urged to implement 5-point agenda

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 12 -- The Economic Advisory Council (EAC) led by its convener
Dr Hafeez A Pasha asked the PPP-led government to implement a 5-point agenda.

The agenda includes consideration to revive wealth tax, implement existing laws
by the provinces to collect agriculture income tax from land holdings of over 50
acres, evolve consensus on RGST as well as with provinces to bring services into
tax net, rationalise tariff regime, and plug leakages for broadening the tax
base to overcome fiscal woes being faced by the country.

"If the government implements five-point agenda in letter and spirit its revenue
can be increased," Dr Pasha said while talking to The News here on Friday.

He said that a special committee comprising of FBR Member and tax experts was
constituted to consider proposals for reviving the wealth tax in the upcoming
budget. Now the committee would come up with its recommendations before the next
Revenue Advisory Council (RAC) meeting which will be held by end of the ongoing
month.

He said that the RAC had estimated that even after taking additional revenue
measures of Rs53 billion last month, the FBR's revenue would be standing in the
range of Rs1,535 billion maximum by end June 2011 but the government was showing
that the FBR's revenue would touch Rs1,588 billion till end of the ongoing
financial year.

The revised fiscal deficit target of 5.5 percent of GDP will also rely upon the
provinces' ability to generate 0.7 percent of GDP surplus otherwise the deficit
will shoot up to 6 percent on June 30, 2011, Dr Pasha added.

On cutting down of expenditures side, Dr Pasha said that the EAC recommended to
the government to follow Malaysian model by establishing a Holding Company to
deal with cash bleeding public sector enterprises with immediate effect. It is
relevant to mention here that the Malaysian government under Mahathir regime had
established Khazana Holding Company to overcome woes of public sector
enterprises.

"Without abolishing role of ministries and establishing one Board of Directors
having credible names, the much needed restructuring of eight Public Sector
Enterprises (PSEs) including PIA, Railways, Passco, TCP and others will not
achieve success," he added.

However, the sources who participated in last EAC meeting told The News that
former federal minister Jehangir Khan Tareen, who is also politician cum
businessmen cum agriculturist, recommended to the government to enforce the
existing law to collect agriculture income tax from big landlords.

When contacted by The News on Friday and asked details about his floated
recommendation on agriculture income tax during the EAC meeting, Jehangir Khan
Tareen said that the provincial governments were authorized under the existing
law of 2001 to collect agriculture income tax from those who possessed land
holding above 50 acres. There is fixed rate of tax per acre on those who possess
land less than 50 acre, he said and added that he deposited Rs9.6 million
agriculture income tax this year. He said that there were thousands of
agriculturists who possessed lands more than 50 acres in our country.

Narrating ignorance of relevant provincial departments, Mr Tareen said when he
filed returns for depositing his due agriculture income tax, he was told that
they did not know about such tax so he wrote a letter to Revenue Department
Punjab government and asked them to collect his due taxes.

Explaining tax above 50 acres of land holding, Jehangir Khan Tareen said that
there were three different slabs including 5 percent, 10 percent and 15 percent
rate of tax depending upon the income of any landlord and if any one did not
earn income no tax would be collected from him or her. He also said that he
asked the FBR to ensure monitoring the value chain of agriculture produce as
middleman's income witnessed unprecedented surge in last two to three years but
they were not paying any penny into the national kitty.

"The price of shops along with Sabzi Mandi Lahore stands in the range Rs150
million and those who bought such shops never bothered to pay any penny into the
national exchequer. It is unfair and we should all work hard to improve fiscal
side of our country," he added.

He said that it was good sign that the government convened the EAC meeting after
period of ten months but it should also be appreciated that despite sharp divide
all those who were extended invitation participated in the consultative process
to correct a quite difficult situation Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 16, 2012 Monday

Agriculture sector providing jobs to many in Himachal Pradesh

BYLINE: Anand Bodh

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 533 words


SHIMLA: Agriculture sector has got big boost in Himachal Pradesh during the last
four years as it is the mainstay of the people. This sector alone has provided
direct employment to around 71 percent population of the state.

Having allocated 12 percent of its plan resources for agriculture and allied
sectors, which is highest in the country, now state government is promoting
organic farming in a big way.

State governments is giving big boost to organic farming as at present 25,000
farmers are engaged in organic farming while four lakh vermi-compost units have
been set up. 7200 metric tonne improved seeds, 29,500 metric tonne fertilizers,
10 metric tonne organic

manure, 45 metric tonne medicines and 50,000 improved agriculture implements are
being distributed to the farmers.

Agriculture sector contributes nearly 30 percent of the total state domestic
product.

While apple economy is confined only to upper areas of Himachal Pradesh, people
in the lower areas were not having much options apart from sowing traditional
crops but with the introduction of organic farming now they too have good income
from their fields like apple growers of upper areas.

"Efforts are afoot to make Himachal Pradesh self-sufficient in agriculture
production and also improving economy of the farmers. The difficult working
conditions, lack of infrastructure facilities coupled with recurrence of natural
calamities and degradation of

natural resources poses challenges for agrarian economy of the state," said a
senior official from agriculture department.

He said that crop diversification is also helping in raising productivity and
quality of agriculture produce to global standards is being given major thrust.
Today, food grain production has increased from 200 thousand tonnes in 1951-1952
to 1579 thousand tonnes in the year 2010-2011.

Maize is the major crop of the state. Production of Maize, which was 67.3
thousand tones in the year 1951-1952, has gone up to 740.64 thousand tonnes in
the year 2010-2011. Rice production has gone up from 28.3 thousand tonnes in
1951-1952 to 113.54 thousand tonnes in 2010-2011. Wheat production has attained
a level of 670.04 thousand

tonnes in 2010-2011 against 61.2 thousand tonnes during 1951-1952.

Agriculture strategy in the state has been re-oriented with emphasis on
production of high value crops. For giving further boost to organic and
diversified farming, Rs 321

crore project with components of institutional and infrastructure development
and farmers support with the assistance of Japan International Cooperation
Agency (JICA) has been started. All this would lead to crop diversification,
increase in farm income and

creation of jobs in rural areas.

With an objective of achieving faster growth in agriculture sector and bringing
prosperity in the rural areas through self-employment, the State Government has
initiated and implemented 'Pandit Deen Dayal Kisan Bagwan Samridhi Yojana',
involving an investment of Rs 353 crore.

Poly-Houses are helping in strengthening the economy of farmers due to reduced
production cost and increase in farm income. Micro-Irrigation in Poly-Houses has
resulted in saving up to 40 per cent water.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            February 15, 2015 Sunday

Quality seeds boost productivity: Agriculture Ministry

LENGTH: 348  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 15 -- Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh on Sunday said he
supports use of high quality seeds for sustainable increase in crop productivity
and farmers' income and does not advocate genetically modified (GM) crops.


 The Agriculture Ministry issued the clarification amid reports that Singh
favoured GM crops during the 'Indian Seed Congress' organised last week in Agra.

 "Some newspapers have published that the Agriculture Minister has advocated
giving fillip to GM crops at the inaugural session of the Indian Seed Congress
in Agra on February 13, 2015. This is factually wrong. In fact, the Minister
talked about increasing farmers' income and sustainable increase in productivity
is closely linked to supply of quality seeds," said a statement issued by the
Agriculture Ministry today.
 "The GM crop issue did not feature in the minister's speech as the matter is
sub-judice in the Supreme Court. The Minister mentioned about Bt cotton in the
speech to inform that this was the only GM crop which is viable and grown for
last 10 years," the statement said.
 On February 13, the Agriculture Ministry had issued a statement quoting Singh's
speech made in Agra, "Apart from increased productivity to produce more from
less input including water and land, the losses that occur due to droughts,
floods, salinity, biotic and other abiotic stresses also need to be eliminated
decisively through the adoption of appropriate technologies. In this context,
genetic engineering holds great promise."
 "Bt cotton in Gujarat and other states like Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh,
Karnataka and Tamil Nadu has clearly demonstrated what these new technologies
can do to enhance farmer incomes...," he had said in the statement.
 The government has so far permitted commercial cultivation of BT cotton but
imposed moratorium on commercial release of Bt brinjal in February 2010 due to
concerns aired by green activists.
 In the current NDA government, right wing-affiliated groups - the Swadeshi
Jagran Manch (SJM) and the Bhartiya Kisan Sangh (BKS) have also expressed
opposition to GM crops.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2015

Family Farms Remain The Cornerstone of U.S. Agriculture;
March is National Ag Month...

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 365  words


Posted by Virginia Harris, Demographer, National Agricultural Statistics Service
As you can imagine, Census of Agriculture is a virtual data gold mine for an
agricultural demographer. And as we celebrate U.S. agriculture this week, with
the help of the Census data we can focus on the key element of our nation's
agriculture - family farms.

Of the 2.1 million farms in the United States in 2012, 97 percent were
family-owned operations. Eighty-eight percent of all farms were small family
farms. This group included farms such as retirement farms, farms with operators
working part-time off-farm, as well as farms with less than $350,000 in gross
cash farm income.

Now I know that even $350,000 seems like a lot of money, especially for a small
operation, but let's not forget that this is based only on income. There are
also many input costs that go into farming. In fact, out of all of these small
farms, only 41 percent reported positive income from farming.

While small family farms represent an overwhelming portion of all farms in the
country, not surprisingly they cover a significantly smaller portion of U.S.
farmland. In 2012, small farms operated just under half (48 percent) of all
farmland and owned 47 percent of the value of farm real estate, which includes
land and buildings. They accounted for 20 percent of agriculture sales and 5
percent of the country's net farm income in 2012. They held 40 percent of the
U.S. cattle inventory and 89 percent of the horse inventory, and grew 64 percent
of all acres in forage production.

On the demographics front, the youngest farmers among all groups were operators
whose primary occupation is off the farm, with an average age of 52.8 years.
Retirement farms and low-sales farms had higher proportions of female principal
operators (17 and 18 percent, respectively) than did all U.S. farms (14
percent).

This small sampling of the millions of data points starts to show how diverse
and important family farms are to the economy and rural America. Yet it barely
scratches the surface of available information. There are always new findings
and new trends hidden behind all of the numbers. So feel free to peruse the
Census data on your own.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Northern Star


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                              July 05, 1999, FINAL

Farmers' plight will dominate ministers meet

BYLINE: Julian Branch, The Canadian Press

SECTION: News; A8

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: PRINCE ALBERT, Sask.


Tough times on the farm -- some say as bad as the Depression of the 1930s --
will likely dominate conversation over the next few days when Canada's
agriculture ministers meet in this northern Saskatchewan city.

''We will never, unfortunately, be able to take all of the risks out of the
industry of agriculture, because that is agriculture,'' federal Agriculture
Minister Lyle Vanclief said during a recent stop in Estevan, Sask., to announce
aid for rain-soaked farmers in parts of Saskatchewan and Manitoba.

''But if we can do all we can to take out some of the bumps and some of the
hollows, then we can continue to make it a stronger industry than it is at the
present time.''

Farm income in 1998 was estimated to have hit its lowest point since the Great
Depression. Plunging markets forced farmers across the country to sell $120 hogs
for $60 and grain prices fell by about 40 per cent.

Saskatchewan and Manitoba were the hardest hit, with income falling

70 per cent and 50 per cent from what it was the year before.

In December, Vanclief announced Ottawa would pay up to $900 million to prop up
farmers during the next two years. The provinces chipped in another $600 million
and the Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance program was born.

But critics say the program itself is a disaster and what is really needed is a
payment based on acreage. Some plan to bring their concerns directly to Vanclief
on Tuesday, when he arrives at the meeting.

''To this point we've seen no money,'' said Morris Precesky, who operates a
6,000-acre grain farm near Mayfair, Sask. ''And without money we're just using
our resources that we have, our equity, savings, just anything that we have to
try and make do.''

Precesky, who has farmed for 32 years, says he has never seen things so bad.

Many farmers agree, blaming their plight on a combination of American and
European subsidies coupled with low commodity prices, rising input costs and a
lack of government support.

And it's not just Prairie producers who are feeling the pinch. Fruit growers in
British Columbia are hurting, and beef and potato producers in Nova Scotia
haven't had a decent year in the last four.

Premier Roy Romanow says Saskat-chewan will use the meeting to push for
long-term farm safety-net programs and urge Vanclief to take action on foreign
subsidies.

''The federal government has to decide that food and agricultural policy is
somewhere near the top of national priorities. And it hasn't done that yet.''

Vanclief acknowledges Canada has a challenge when it comes to levelling the
playing field, but is convinced it's possible.

''Can we get there overnight in the next round of World Trade Organization
talks?'' he asked, referring to the meeting this fall in Seattle. ''I can tell
you we're going to fight like heck to get there. ''

Precesky, who organized a farm-aid rally last November, hopes Ottawa and the
provinces are beginning to understand the depth of the problem facing Canadian
producers.


LOAD-DATE: July 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           FICCI Studies and Surveys

                                  May 29, 2014

Improving the Productivity of Pulses through Public Private Partnership: Public
Private Partnership for Integrated Agriculture Development (PPPIAD)

LENGTH: 533  words


Agriculture and allied activites is an important sector for the Indian economy.
It supports more than 50 per cent of the country's population and accounts for
13.7% of gross domestic product (GDP) at constant prices (2012-13). India ranks
first in the world when it comes to production of milk and pulses, second in
rice, wheat, sugarcane, groundnut, fruits and vegetables and cotton production.
It is also a leading producer of spices and plantation crops as well as
livestock, fisheries and poultry.



A number of private sector companies are active in the field of agriculture and
agri-business, directly engaging with the farmers and improving their farm
incomes. While most of these initiatives are quite successful, they are limited
to specific geographical regions, crops and limited number of farmers. On the
other hand, the government has increased funding to farmers through variety of
schemes/subsidies for improving productivity/market linkages, etc.
Unfortunately, the outcomes do not commensurate with the quantum of government
spending, mainly due to the limited extension capabilities leading to gaps in
execution, delivery and results.

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) has been working
on devising policies and suggestions that contribute to increasing farm income,
productivity and global competitiveness of Indian agriculture. Over the years,
through its long standing collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture,
Government of India, FICCI has worked to promote public-private partnerships in
various parts of the agriculture value chain including agri warehousing, farm
mechanisation, extension, secondary agriculture, risk management and
agri-marketing reforms.

FICCI was instrumental in developing a policy framework for public-private
partnership for integrated agriculture development (PPPIAD) jointly with the
Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India (GoI). The Ministry of Agriculture,
GoI issued the guidelines on August 14, 2012.

The main objective of the PPPIAD scheme is to facilitate large scale integrated
projects led by private sector players in the agriculture and allied sectors,
with a view to aggregating farmers, creating critical rural infrastructure,
introducing new technologies, adding value and integrating the agricultural
supply chain. The PPP model aims to reduce the transaction costs and enhance the
access to subsidies/schemes for farmers through a single facilitator i.e. the
company and motivate companies to build a profitable/self sustaining model for
improving the complete supply chain. The PPPIAD programme embodies the following
three main principles

* Combine operational efficiencies of the private sector and the investment by
the public sector;

* Quantifiable outputs with defined timelines and strategies; and

* Move away from business as usual approach replacing traditional methods of
farming by modern and scientific methods.

FICCI is engaging with the Small Farmers Agri-Business Consortium (SFAC) for
promoting the adoption of the guidelines. It is involved in increasing the
awareness amongst the private sector and various State Agriculture Departments
to implement projects under the PPPIAD framework.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday

New York farmers' cash receipts increase in 2007

BYLINE: Tom Wanamaker, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Sep. 9--ALBANY -- New York's farmers saw their collective net income fall 22
percent from 2005 to 2006, as cash receipts between those years dropped by more
than $2 million.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Monday released the 2006 net income data,
attributing the drop to a host of increased costs for "feed, seed, pesticides,
electricity, repair and maintenance, machine hire and custom work, marketing,
storage and transportation expenses, and miscellaneous expenses."

The report also cited an 11 percent decline in government payments, an 11
percent increase in property taxes and a 13 percent climb in interest costs.

Unfortunately, net income numbers for 2007 are not yet available for comparison
with that year's cash receipts.

"There's always a year lag in the calculation of the net income," said Blair
Smith, deputy director of the New York Field Office of USDA's National
Agricultural Statistics Service.

On the bright side, north country farmers enjoyed considerably higher cash
receipts in 2007 than they did the year before, according to preliminary numbers
also released Monday by USDA.

"Cash receipts are up, largely because of dairy," Mr. Smith said. He cited
greater export demand in general -- and a drought in Australia in particular --
as contributing factors, although with increased domestic demand for cheese.

Cash receipts for all crops grown by farmers in Jefferson County totaled $19.3
million in 2007, up from $17.2 million in 2006. Receipts from livestock were
$122.7 million in 2007, up from $87.8 million the previous year.

In Lewis County, farmers enjoyed total crop receipts of $13.4 million last year,
versus $11.9 million in 2006. Receipts from livestock were $89.6 million in
2007, up from $64.1 million the year before.

St. Lawrence County's farmers took in $17.3 million in crop receipts in 2007, up
from $15.4 million in 2006. Livestock receipts in the county totaled $124.9
million last year, compared with $89.4 million in 2006.

For Franklin County, farmers' cash receipts for all crops were $11.1 million in
2007, up from $9.8 million the year before, while livestock cash receipts
totaled $57.4 million last year, up from $41.8 million in 2006.

Statewide in 2007, farmers received a total of $1.73 billion for their crops and
$2.73 billion for livestock, up from $1.53 billion and $1.95 billion,
respectively, in 2006.

Sales of New York dairy products increased to $2.40 billion in 2007, accounting
for almost 50 percent of the state's $4.45 billion in total sales, which itself
represents a 28 percent increase over total sales in 2006.

John R. Tauzel is the associate director for regulatory and legislative affairs
for the New York Farm Bureau. He reiterated the prominence of dairy farms in the
state's agricultural sector.

"We are a dairy state," Mr. Tauzel said. "In 2006, there were tremendously low
milk prices, coupled with the rise in transportation and fuel prices. Late in
2007 milk prices started to rebound."

He pointed to a "paradigm shift" in the agricultural markets, as both food
prices and fuel costs are on the rise. For several years, he said, dairy
farmers' break-even cost hovered around $13 per hundredweight of milk, while $16
to $17 was considered a "good price." But that has changed, as costs for fuel,
feed, fertilizer and lime are all up.

"Even though farmers are receiving solid prices, costs are up," Mr. Tauzel said.
He estimated that a new break-even price might be in the neighborhood of $18 to
$19 per hundredweight, and noted that the current class 1 fluid price of milk,
which accounts for 45 percent of what dairy farmers receive, was $21.72 per
hundredweight in August.

Despite escalating costs, Mr. Tauzel remained cautiously optimistic on farm
prices going forward, citing geography as an important factor.

"New York's closeness to major population centers works to our advantage in
reducing transportation costs," he said. "Our industry is committed to providing
fresh products -- marketing, delivering better products and meeting consumer
demand."

Production increases also bode well for the dairy industry.

"The general trend, over the past 10 years, has been a slight but steady
increase in total production," Mr. Smith said. "There's a fairly steady decline
in the number of cows, but a fairly steady increase in the amount of milk per
cow."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080909-WE-FASHERS-INCOME-20080909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2008 Watertown Daily Times


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

World Bank: PHL needs to go back to agriculture

BYLINE: Cai U. Ordinario

LENGTH: 747  words


The next administration needs to focus on labor-intensive sectors, such as
agriculture, to lift millions from poverty, according to experts and members of
the Joint Foreign Chambers (JFC).

At the Fifth Arangkada Forum on Tuesday, JFC members and experts, including
World Bank East Asia and the Pacific Poverty Reduction and Economic Management's
Lead Economist Rogier van den Brink, said there is a need to go back to
agriculture.

To get to inclusive growth, we need to go back to agriculture. Why is this? Many
countries in the region have really done very well in terms of economic growth
and poverty reduction by starting with agriculture: Japan, Korea, Taiwan, China.
There are 600 million people that were lifted from poverty from China, van den
Brink said.

He added, however, that the lifting of 600 million people from poverty in China
happened in phases, and with the manufacturing sector in tow.

The first phase moved people in farms to factories to meet local demands; and
then the second phase occurred when factories began producing goods for the
international market.

Agriculture can lift millions from poverty because it can raise farm profits and
incomes, as well as increase nonfarm incomes and profits through multipliers.
With greater productivity and better incomes, food prices remain low.

[The Philippines's] long history of policy distortions has slowed the growth of
agriculture and manufacturing in the last six decades. [As a result]
agricultural productivity has remained depressed; manufacturing has failed to
grow sustainably; [and] low-productivity, low-skill services sector has emerged
as the dominant sector of the economy, van den Brink said in a presentation.

American Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines Agribusiness Committee
Cochairman Varinia Tinga agreed, saying there is also a need to increase
research-and-development budgets, as well as diversify public spending in
agriculture.

Tinga said the government should not only focus its spending on rice and corn,
the country's food staples, but also on high-value commercial crops (HVCCs),
which cost more to produce but have huge returns.

HVCCs include products such as coffee, cacao, fruit crops, root crops, vegetable
crops, legumes, pole sitao, spices and condiments, and cut flower and ornamental
plants.

She added the government must create a comprehensive crop-insurance system,
which could serve as the Conditional Cash-Transfer Program of the government in
the farm sector.

Tinga also said there is a need to rationalize agriculture-extension services.
Under the local government code, these extension services are under the purview
of local governments.

We believe the Department of Agriculture should reassert its leadership and put
some sense of order into this [extension services] and, more important, to
strengthen links to research and development, and be able to use this position
to share this information to farmers, Tinga said.

Canadian Chamber of Commerce of the Philippines President Julian Payne added
that apart from agriculture, mining is another area that the next administration
needs to focus on.

Payne said these two sectors have a huge potential to employ millions of
Filipinos. As it is, the Philippines already missed out on the recent increases
in mineral prices.

He said the new administration must make mining a part of the national priority
and ensure that the government will honor the sanctity of mining contracts,
since these contracts are crafted for the long term.

In January Ateneo Center for Economic Research and Development Director Leonardo
A. Lanzona Jr. said the Philippine electorate needs to elect a president who is
pro-agriculture.

Lanzona added that a pro-agriculture president can look at the agriculture
sector as a means to lift millions of people out of poverty and as a means to
improve competitiveness.

Eagle Watch Senior Fellow Alvin Ang said that, while agriculture only accounts
for 10 percent of the country's GDP, its share in employment is 30 percent.

The slow growth of the agriculture sector in the past 20 to 30 years has
prevented the rise in incomes of farmers and their liberation from poverty.

Lanzona also said the country's food-manufacturing sector is dependent on
agriculture and, thus, can have significant impact on the country's commodity
exports.

This is crucial, Ang said, since McKinsey and Co. data showed the Philippines,
compared to its Asean neighbors, has a competitive advantage in food, beverage
and tobacco manufacturing.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               February 12, 1993

Grant aid income ceiling

SECTION: Pg. 13

LENGTH: 87 words


THE reference income for the Farm and Conservation Grant Scheme in 1993 has been
set at £15,100 for Great Britain. The annual rate of increase which will be
applied to this figure is 2%.

Reference income is the average of non-agricultural incomes. To qualify for a
farm improvement plan under the FCGS, the income of the farm business per full
-time worker must be less than the reference income.

Full details of the scheme are available from local offices of the Scottish
Office Agriculture Department.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1993 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 25, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Budget draws wide-ranging fire: Farmers, Conservative critics and
Chinese-Canadians all have something to complain about

BYLINE: Joe Paraskevas, Tim Naumetz and Peter O'Neil, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 611  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA - From farmers angry about a lack of tax breaks to Chinese-Canadians who
denounced the federal budget's $25-million outlay to commemorate racist
incidents such as the Chinese head tax and the internment of Ukrainian-Canadians
during the First World War, the Liberal government came under fire from across
the political spectrum Thursday.

Conservative finance critic Monte Solberg called the tax cuts in the budget "an
insult."

The budget's gradual increase in the basic personal tax emption will give low-
income earners only a $16 break on their tax bill next year, said Solberg.

"I could spend that in a parking meter," said Solberg. "That is $1.25 a month.
That is like a down payment on a large coffee at Tim Hortons."

Alberta MP Myron Thompson suggested he will be among the Conservative MPs who
will be allowed to vote against the budget.

The Wild Rose MP said it contains no help for western farmers. "That means in my
riding that a bunch of people will have to go to the bank, cough up their land
and lose their property," said Thompson. "I cannot support a budget that will
not support my farmers."

The president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture acknowledged the budget
provided some help to farmers: expanding some cash advance programs, for
example, and urging the elimination of a deposit farmers had to make to be
eligible for income stabilization.

But Bob Friesen joined delegates at the CFA's annual meeting in Ottawa in
expressing regret that neither Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell nor Finance
Minister Ralph Goodale -- a former agriculture minister -- had succeeded in
adding measures to the budget that would help farmers facing historic lows in
net income.

"I would have liked to have seen the finance minister, given his experience in
agriculture -- he is from Saskatchewan -- I would have liked to have seen him
acknowledge publicly that they recognize that the primary production sector is
in the worst farm income crisis it's ever been in," Friesen said.

Goodale should have "committed the government to do whatever it takes to make
sure that farmers make it through this crisis," Friesen added.

"Rural Canada doesn't exist," said the New Democratic Party's Charlie Angus,
when asked for his budget view. "Rural Canada's right off the map. Given the
magnitude of the crisis we've come through and given the fact that 2005 will be
the year of the bankruptcies because the equity's gone, farmers have used up
three generations of farm equity in the last two years."

Conservative agriculture critic Diane Finley's assessment of the budget was
equally scathing.

"Our farmers deserve more respect than this," Finley said in the House of
Commons. "Clearly the Liberal government does not value the contributions of
hardworking farm families. To put things in context, Ontario corn producers are
currently getting less money per tonne for their corn than the city of Toronto
is getting per tonne of garbage."

A group representing Chinese-Canadians also denounced the federal budget's
$25-million funding for "commemorative and educational initiatives that will
highlight the contributions that these groups have made to Canadian society" and
to "build better understanding" of Canadian diversity.

"It's inadequate. It doesn't address the needs of the families affected by the
head tax and the exclusion act," said Victor Wong, executive-director of the
Chinese Canadian National Council.

The budget committed the money for groups dealing with "troubling memories from
Canada's past (resulting from) events that occurred in Canadian history during
times of war, or as a result of immigration policies of the day."

CanWest News Service and Vancouver Sun

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Reuters; Finance Minister Ralph Goodale, left, defends his federal budget
Thursday in the Commons, as Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan and Prime
Minister Paul Martin look on.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                  May 18, 1998

CAP comes under attack

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.15

LENGTH: 328 words


AN ALL-OUT attack on Europe's farm policy has been launched by a coalition of
consumer, environment and conservation bodies.

These bodies have branded it as costly, wasteful and harmful to the environment
and human health, damaging to developing countries and ineffective in
maintaining rural employment.

They say these issues are not adequately tackled by the European Commission in
its Agenda 2000 proposals for farm-policy reform.

They are calling for the phasing-out of export subsidies and the replacement of
production subsidies with farm payments which encourage more sustainable
agriculture, improved animal welfare, rural development and countryside
protection.

Their comprehensive analysis of the ills of Europe's Common Agriculture Policy
was issued to journalists before the meeting of EU farm ministers in Newcastle.

They claim that consumers, taxpayers, farmers and their staff are all getting a
raw deal from the CAP, which costs around GBP 30billion a year. In spite of this
huge bill, they say the CAP has failed both to stem the loss of farms and
related jobs and to provide a stable income for farmers.

Healthy

"Over the past 25 years, the European farm labour force has fallen from
13million to 7million and rural depopulation has become a large social problem,"
they say.

To combat this, they call for subsidies to be modulated in favour of smaller
farmers and directed towards agri-environment enhancement, and for new schemes
to support less-intensive livestock production.

Their analysis condemns the CAP's accent on foods considered less healthy, such
as meat, sugar and dairy products, and its lack of support for fruit and
vegetables, which attract only 0.2% of policy spending.

They say only 3% of CAP cash goes on agri-environment schemes, against 10 times
that figure on livestock subsidies and that the overall budget has increased by
56% since 1990 and will increase by a further 21% if the proposed reforms go
through.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Funds available to county for spay, neuter program

BYLINE: Julie R. Johnson, Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Jan. 26--If you are low-income and need your dog or cat spayed or neutered, you
may be eligible for one of the 100 certificates issued by the Tehama County
Department of Agriculture, Division of Animal Services.

The Agriculture Department received a California Department of Food and
Agriculture grant of $7,500, which will be used for up to 100 spay/neuter
certificates in the amount of $75 each.

Tehama County Supervisor Bob Williams said the use of the grant was approved by
the Board of Supervisors on Tuesday.

Rick Gurrola, Tehama County agriculture commissioner, said low-income would be
defined as persons eligible for CalWorks, the free and reduced school lunch
program, or the earned income tax credit.

Distribution of the certificates will be administered by Director of Animal
Services Mark Storrey, starting on Feb. 15, and only applies to privately owned
animals.

"Issuance of the certificates will be on a first-come, first-served basis,"
Storrey said.

The program applies to residents living in unincorporated areas of the county.

Tehama County was one of only 13 counties in the state to receive the grant.

The county suffers from an overabundance of stray cats and dogs that end up in
the county's animal care center, many of which are the results of people not
spaying or neutering their pets, according to Gurrola.

"In these tough economic times, we are very happy to be able to offer this
service to the residents of Tehama County and their animals," Storrey stated.
"The care center is overcrowded most days of the year and spay and neuter is the
best way to decrease the overpopulation of homeless pets."

He said the county is hopeful to have more programs in place to help with spay
and neuter program in the future and feel this is a good first step.

The county animal care center strongly encourages people to come visit the
facility's animals and find the dog or cat right for your home and family.

To see more of the Corning Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
www.corning-observer.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Corning Observer, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110126-YF-Funds-available-to-county-for-spay-neuter-program-0126-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                        Copyright 2011 Corning Observer


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 31, 1998

News in brief: Farm incomes slump by 50pc

SECTION: The Guardian Home Page; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 132 words


GOVERNMENT figures published yesterday point to a nearly 50 per cent drop in
farm incomes last year. The Ministry of Agriculture report blames a fall in the
value of produce caused by the strong pound and cuts in compensation to farmers
hit by the BSE crisis.

The report comes as farmers claim they are suffering the worst agricultural
crisis in living memory.

The figures confirm estimates released last month showing incomes fell by 46 per
cent in real terms. Worst hit were lowland cattle and sheep farms, which
experienced a 65 per cent drop.

The figures do not take account of the pounds 85 million aid package announced
by Agriculture Minister Jack Cunningham last month. Dr Cunningham said the drop
came after substantial increases in incomes in recent years.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday

China says grain production per unit hits "historical high" in 2005

LENGTH: 292 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Beijing, 28 December: The total grain production in China is expected to
increase to 484bn kg in 2005, 14.5bn kg more than that of last year, with per mu
(1/15 ha) output hitting a historical high to reach 309 kg.

"The high growth of grain production per mu shows that the increase of China's
grain production has shifted from the expansion of planting area to the
advancement of farming technology," said Chinese Agriculture Minister Du Qinglin
here Wednesday [28 December].

Statistics by the Agriculture Ministry showed that mechanization of farming in
China has reached 38 per cent, and 48 per cent of agricultural products were
achieved due to technological improvement.

Du said while addressing the annual working conference on agriculture that
China's grain production achieved a recovery increase in the past five years,
with production growth in 2004 and 2005 totalling 50bn kg.

During the past five years, farmers' income also grew by an annual average of 5
per cent. The farmers' net income in 2005 is expected to reach 3,250 yuan (406
US dollars), up 314 yuan or 6 per cent over the previous year, according to Du.

"Income from non-farming wages has witnessed a substantial increase and has
become the new pillar of farmers' income growth," Du said.

According to the ministry's statistics, agriculture-related industrial
organizations total 114,000 in China. And 40 per cent of the farmers are
engaging in non-farming industries.

Migrant workers from the countryside have been increasing by 4.42 million
annually in the past five years, and there were 108.2 million migrant workers in
China in 2005.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1516 gmt 28 Dec 05

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 24, 2008 Thursday

Farmers and tax

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 407 words


THE PRESIDENT of the Irish Farmers Association, Padraig Walshe, accused the
Minister for Agriculture, Brendan Smith, last week of being "unfair" by
revealing that farmers shouldered only 1.3 per cent of the entire income tax
burden in 2007. It was a strange allegation. It may reflect a realisation that
tax compliance within the agricultural sector will become more important as
exchequer revenues fall. It may also signal a change in relationship between the
IFA and the Government following a stand-off during the Lisbon referendum.
Whatever the reason, farm incomes and taxation are likely to move centre stage
along with negotiations at the World Trade Organisation.

A detailed analysis of farm and off-farm incomes, published by the Department of
Agriculture in its annual report, stripped away the fuzzy notion of farmers
surviving on the edge of ruin. More information became available this week.
Full-time farmers now enjoy average incomes of EUR 43,900. And while part-timers
earn less than one-quarter of that, a majority supplement their incomes through
off-farm employment. In fact, the disposable income of farm households now
exceeds that of urban households. And the rate of consistent poverty is lower in
the countryside.

The IFA has grown accustomed to having its own way. As the most powerful lobby
group in the State, with a large membership in many constituencies, few
politicians have dared to oppose it. It has consistently used farm incomes
alone, particularly those of part-time farmers, to explain low tax levels.
Comprehensive figures are now available. And publication of all individual EU
farm payments later this year may encourage the Revenue Commissioners to become
more active.

Full-time farmers earned average incomes of EUR 34,500 in 2006. But only 101,200
of an estimated 113,000 full-time farmers registered with the Revenue
Commissioners. They paid an average of EUR 1,895 in income tax. There is
something wrong there, not just in terms of farmer numbers but in the amount of
tax paid. The release of such material by the Government cannot be dismissed as
"unfair" or "mischievous" behaviour. It is far too serious for that.

Agriculture is hugely important for the economy. Along with the food, drink and
tobacco industry, it generates nearly one-third of total net foreign earnings.
It is well supported by the exchequer. It is only proper that those farmers who
benefit as a result are fully tax compliant.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 21, 1987, Wednesday

WIDE SWINGS SEEN IN FARM INCOME

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FINANCIIAL, Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 277 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A new statistical report by the Agriculture Department shows that, while net
farm income was at a near-record level in 1985, income varied greatly among the
states.

California, the usual leader, reported net farm income at $ 3.5 billion in 1985,
followed by Texas, $ 2.5 billion; Nebraska, $ 1.8 billion; Florida, $ 1.8
illion; and Iowa, $ 1.7 billion.

But three states showed negative farm incomes in 1985: Montana, minus $ 366
million; Wyoming, minus $ 72 million; and West Virginia, minus $ 27 million.

Nationally, net farm income dropped 7 percent to $ 30.5 billion in 1985 from a
record level of $ 32.7 billion in 1984. The department's Economic Research
Service, which published the annual report, estimates that net farm income
dropped further to $ 28 billion in 1986 but may rebound to around $ 32 billion
in 1987.

Government farm payments are included in computing net farm income. Those
subsidies, which totaled $ 7.7 billion in 1985, down from $ 8.43 billion in
1984, are cranked into gross income. Total production expenses then are deducted
from the gross to give net income.

The agency says direct government payments to farmers in 1986 - including PIK or
payment-in-kind benefits for some programs - may have totaled about $ 13 billion
and could rise to around $ 15 billion in 1987.

Net farm income figures also include allowances for specified household and
non-cash income and expense items, including the value of home consumption of
products by a farm family and resident hired labor, depreciation of farm
capital, gross rental value and expenses associated with the dwelling, and the
value of changes in inventories.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

India needs to invest in agri for doubling farm income: Ney

LENGTH: 250 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 7 -- India needs to make significant investments in modernisation
of agriculture as well as food processing if the country wants to double
farmers' income by 2022, German ambassador Martin Ney said according to the PTI.

The German companies could help India immensely in transforming the
agri-business in the country, he said.

"The doubling of farmers' income is possible if sufficient investment is made in
modernisation, diversification and high value addition in Indian agriculture,"
Ney said at an event here on financing for agriculture.

As many as 23 Indian companies have formed an alliance to partner with German
companies to work together in the field of agri-business.

"A declaration would be signed soon. Joint efforts are required to make farming
more profitable and attractive for young people," the German ambassador to India
said.

Presently, India and Germany have bilateral co-operation in food safety, seed
development and agri education, he said, while highlighting that German
companies have presence in Indian agriculture sector.

V N Kale, additional Commissioner in the Agriculture Ministry, Sami Khan of Rabo
Equity Advisor, Sunil Kumar of Nabard, Dennis Verghese of Tata Capital and Nitin
Puri of Yes Bank spoke about the financing in the agriculture sector.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2017 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 20, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Saving on Farm Budget Voted

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 20, Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 19


The Senate Agriculture Committee approved a $1.3 billion package of budget
savings today that lawmakers said was unlikely to reduce the income of the
nation's farmers.

''I believe that we must do all that we can to achieve these savings without
reducing the income of hard-pressed farmers throughout America,'' Senator
Patrick J. Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said after approval on a voice vote.

The committee was under pressure to come up with a savings package to avoid
broader, automatic cuts that otherwise would go into effect under the
deficit-reducing law. Congress and the President must agree on about $23 billion
in budget savings, spending cuts or increased takes to avoid the automatic cuts
required by the law.

The agriculture measure would delay a reduction in dairy price supports, but it
relies most heavily on an acreage reduction program for corn and wheat
producers.

The Senate plan would empower the Agriculture Secretary to require corn and
wheat producers participating in Federal farm programs to set aside additional
acreage as a way of reducing Government payments. The plan is expected to save
more than $1.2 billion in the fiscal year that began Oct. 1.

Lawmakers expressed doubt, however, that producers would actually be called on
to idle additional acreage. They said the levels of crops in storage that would
set the acreage reduction plan in motion most likely would not be reached this
fiscal year or the two following years.

The acreage reduction program would be set into motion for corn if stocks
reached 6 billion bushels and for wheat if stocks reached 1.9 billion bushels.

Farm budget savings required under the deficit-reduction law are based on the
estimate that 6 billion bushels of corn and 1.9 billion bushels of wheat would
be placed in storage at taxpayers' expense this year. But current estimates are
well below those levels.

Dairy provisions of the plan would allow the Secretary to reduce price supports
by 20 cents from their current level of $11.10 per 100 pounds on Jan. 1 and
possibly by a further 25 cents on July 1 if in both cases purchases are
projected to be above 5 billion pounds, as expected.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   SME Times

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Centre forms panel to work for doubling farmers' income

LENGTH: 341 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 8 -- The Centre has constituted a committee to achieve the
target of doubling the income of farmers by March 2022, Parshottam Rupala,
Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, told the Lok sabha on
Tuesday.

In a written reply to a question, he also informed that a survey finding could
not establish any significant adverse effect of demonetisation on input
availability, market arrivals of produce and area sown in the Rabi season.

According to the Ministry of Agriculture, to understand the impact of
demonetisation on the farming sector, the Indian Council of Agricultural
Research (ICAR) and the National Institute of Agricultural Economics and Policy
Research (NIAP) conducted a short survey of farmers in some villages around
Delhi under "Mera Gaon Mera Gaurav" (MGMG) initiative.

"As per preliminary reports received from the states, the total area sown under
Rabi crops as on January 27, 2017 stood at 637.34 lakh hectares as compared to
600.02 lakh hectares in the corresponding period last year, indicating no
significant impact of demonetisation on Rabi sowing," said a ministry statement.

"In order to achieve the target of doubling of income of farmers by March 2022,
the Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers Welfare has constituted a
Committee under the chairmanship of its Additional Secretary," it added.

The function of the committee would be to study the current income level of
farmers and agricultural labourers, to measure the historical growth rate of the
current income level, to determine the needed growth rate to double the income
of farmers/ agricultural labourers by the year 2021-22 and to consider and
recommend various strategies to be adopted.

It would recommend an institutional mechanism to review and monitor
implementation to realise the goal and to examine any other related issues.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from SME Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                         Copyright 2017 tradeindia.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           October 10, 2012 Wednesday

Farmers' suicide cases drop on improved farm income: Sharad Pawar

BYLINE: Rituraj Tiwari

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 307 words


NEW DELHI: Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar said that improved farm
income has led to reduction in farmers' suicide cases.

"Farmers' suicide is a serious issue. But there has been decline over last few
years due to improved farm income after consistent increase in farmers' income
due to increased private investment in agriculture sector and high support
prices," he said

The worst affected states in terms of farmers' suicides are Maharashtra, Andhra
Pradesh and Karnataka. Substantiating his claim of reduced suicide cases, he
said that the numbers have come down from 1,035 in 2006 in Maharashtra to 168.

He said that reasons for farmer suicide as reported by state governments
included indebtedness, crop failure, drought, socio-economic and personal
reasons.

"There has been a steady decline. It came down to 800 in 2008, 700 in 2007 and
then rose to 740 in 2010 before coming down to 485 in 2011 in the state. In
2012, only 162 cases have been registered so far," he said.

According to the latest data presented by the government in Parliament, 2,90,740
farmers committed suicide during 1995-2011 due to various reasons, including
bankruptcy or sudden change in economic status and poverty with 14,027 ending
their lives during the last calendar year.

He said that the government is focusing on roping in investment in the farm
sector to reduce agrarian stress.

The investment in agriculture and allied activities by public and private
sectors at current price has increased from Rs 1,81,562 crore in 2009-10 to Rs
2,11,565 crore in 2010-11. The minimum support price has also gone up
significantly to cover farmers' rising input cost.

"In 2007, the MSP for paddy was Rs 645 per quintal which has gone up to 1250.
Like wise in pulses and other crops, the floor prices have gone up
significantly," he said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                               May 7, 1999 Friday

Disaster-aid program for farmers is becoming a disaster, Reform MP says

BYLINE: Sandra Cordon Canadian Press; CP

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 465 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


A government farm-disaster assistance program is itself a disaster, says Reform
MP Garry Breitkreuz.

Farmers are complaining that application forms are too complicated and arrived
at a busy time of year, Mr. Breitkreuz told the Commons agriculture committee
yesterday.

Producers, hurt by a global slump in commodity prices, badly need financial aid,
added Mr. Breitkreuz, who represents the Saskatchewan riding of
Yorkton-Melville.

"The agriculture income disaster project is itself becoming a disaster," he told
Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief.

Farm income has dropped about 20 per cent nationally since 1997, but the hurt
has been focused in Manitoba and Saskatchewan where income has plunged about 50
per cent.

Predictions for this year are worse: Farm incomes are expected to fall another
40 to 80 per cent.

Yet producers seem unable to get help, Mr. Breitkreuz said.

"How can farmers have any confidence in this project?"

Mr. Vanclief acknowledged problems with the Agriculture Income Disaster
Assistance program.

But the biggest problem, he said, is the fact that farmers just aren't applying.

About 850 applications under the $1.5-billion aid package have come in from
Saskatchewan, he told the committee.

Nationally, more than 5,000 of Canada's 25,000 farmers have applied under the
program announced in December.

Ottawa has put up $900-million over the next two years. The provinces are
supposed to chip in another $600-million for a 60-40 split, a longstanding ratio
for federal-provincial farm funding.

Mr. Vanclief originally promised cheques would be in the mail in time for spring
seeding. Instead, mailing started recently.

The provinces dragged their heels on joining, Mr. Vanclief said. The last
holdout, Nova Scotia, agreed to take part hours before his appearance before the
committee, the minister added.

"I wish we could have done it quicker."

Mr. Vanclief defended the application process, insisting the seven-page form is
not complicated.

And he said the forms were timed deliberately to coincide with tax time, so
farmers would have their current financial information.

Still, he agreed the scheme isn't "the be-all and the end-all" of disaster aid
plans.

Provincial and federal governments have to develop a longer-term disaster
assistance program, Mr. Vanclief said. The topic will be high on the agenda when
ministers meet in July.

On another topic, he said the European Union has one week to lift its ban on
Canadian beef. Otherwise, it could face retaliation or have to pay Canada
compensation.

The EU has banned beef from Canada and the United States for a decade on the
grounds North American cattle has been treated with growth hormones, which it
argues are unsafe.

Canadian and U.S. producers, saying their beef is safe, took the matter to the
World Trade Organization and won.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 13, 1988, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Mazankowski demands provinces boost share of costs of agriculture

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 425 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - Provincial governments should start putting their money where
their mouths are on supporting farmers hit by low prices or crop disasters,
Deputy Prime Minister Don Mazankowski says.

"In Canada, agriculture is a shared jurisdiction (between the federal and
provincial governments) and a shared responsibility," Mazankowski told the
opening session of the agriculture department's annual outlook conference
yesterday.

"Provincial governments must start sharing the responsibility."

That means contributing to the cost of crop insurance and programs designed to
prop up farm incomes in tough times, said Mazankowski, who is also agriculture
minister.

He said the federal government had spent $17 billion during the last four years
supporting farmers, double what was spent in the previous four years.

Tripartite program

The government and farmers pay the cost of crop insurance while the provinces
handle the administrative costs. Ottawa is looking at making crop insurance a
tripartite program for which both levels of government and farmers would pay
equal premiums. The provinces have balked at previous federal requests that they
pay more of the cost.

Mazankowski said the government is also looking at pulling its various income
supports into one all-encompassing program and the provinces should be prepared
to contribute to that as well.

And provincial governments should also work toward a harmony in the amounts and
kinds of subsidies they provide to farmers, so one provincial program doesn't
provide payments to farmers that could spark an international trade dispute that
hurts all producers of the commodity, he said.

"Provinces must accept the need to act responsibly with subsidies."

In a forecast released at the opening of the conference, the department says net
farm income will drop by 16 per cent to $4.43 billion in 1989 from a record
$5.24 billion in 1988.

The decline is largely the result of a drought that reduced the size of grain
and other field crops on the Prairies and southwestern Ontario last summer.

The department says food prices probably will rise by 3 to 5 per cent, mainly
because of higher production and distribution costs.

The drought will have only a modest impact on food prices, which rose by 2.2 per
cent in 1988.

Lower production

Products that will increase in price because of the drought include eggs and
poultry, reflecting higher feed grain prices. Beef and pork production could
drop because less feed grain and fodder is available.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1988 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: The more money Imran makes, the fewer taxes he pays

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Sept. 13 -- The more money he makes, the less tax he pays and
meanwhile keeps the cash away from bank. This is not a story of a typical rich
Pakistani but of Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan.

If the last four years are any guide, the PTI chief paid the highest tax in 2010
on an income that was the lowest when compared to the following three years.
While he registered a handsome increase in earnings from 2011-13, it was
accompanied with an 80 percent decrease in tax as the business income used to be
declared earlier was largely replaced with agriculture and services (outside
Pakistan) income.

Another major shift has been noted in terms of his changing priorities with
regard to the parking of cash. In the beginning, he would keep it at bank and
gradually started keeping it away from the bank.

Imran had the maximum cash (Rs6.2 million) in bank account by 2010 when he paid
the highest amount of tax i.e. Rs1.8 million over an income of Rs10.6 million.
This contrasted with the minimum bank balance of Rs362,069 in 2011 when he
registered the earning of Rs23.50 million, the highest in four years. It
accompanied by a drastic cut in his tax as he paid Rs322,110 that year.

In yet another instance, a major difference in tax amount was noted despite the
fact that there was a minor variation in the annual income of two separate
years. Apparently, there is 17.34 percent difference in the income that Imran
reported in 2010 and 2013 but intriguingly a variation of 83.50 percent in the
tax amount has been recorded in the corresponding years.

Imran paid Rs1.85 million tax over the declared income of Rs10.63 million in
2010 whereas his tax drastically reduced (Rs194,936) over relatively bigger
income (Rs12.32 million) in 2013, according to a detailed analysis carried out
by Agha Samiullah, a tax consultant.

How did this major cut in his tax amount occur? Imran had declared a sum of
Rs8.2 million as income generated through business in 2010 financial year that
caused him heavy taxation. The following year, business income was reduced to
Rs546,620 whereas agriculture income and foreign remittances registered an
increase. Business income' has disappeared as there is no mention of it in tax
returns of 2012 and 2013.

Imran paid the highest tax in 2010 of Rs1.85 million over an income of Rs10.63
million generated through business, profit on debt, agriculture, services
(outside Pakistan) and property rent. By the close of that financial year, he
had almost equal amount of cash in hand (Rs6.8 million) and at bank (Rs6.2
million).

The year 2011 noticed the highest earning with Rs23.5 million that was 54
percent more than the previous year. However, tax deduction was 83 percent less
than 2010 as he paid only Rs322,110. The types of earnings mentioned noticed a
negligible amount of business income (Rs546,620) and a major increase in
agriculture income (from Rs750,000 in 2010 to Rs2.3 million in 2011). Foreign
remittances (charges of the services he offers outside Pakistan) jumped from
Rs1.1 million in 2010 to Rs19.7 million in 2011. Property rent was also doubled
during that financial year. This huge outflow of income notwithstanding, money
in bank at the close of financial year was Rs576,000 that contrasted with Rs1.1
million cash in hand.

In 2012, Imran declared income was Rs16.1 million and tax paid on it was
Rs273,339. Significant change during this year was the absence of any business
income. Profit on debt, agriculture, services (outside Pakistan) and property
rent was declared as source of income. Another noticeable development was an
increase of cash in hand that was Rs12.1 million whereas cash at bank was
Rs2.1million.

He declared Rs12.3 million income in 2013 and paid only Rs194,936 tax over it.
Most of the income declared was from agriculture and services (outside
Pakistan). This year saw the declaration of the highest amount of cash in hand
(Rs13.61 million) whereas Rs381,765 was in bank at the closing of that financial
year

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday

China targets rural issues in first policy document for 2013

LENGTH: 817 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

BEIJING, 31 January - The Chinese authorities Thursday [31 January] issued its
first policy document for 2013, highlighting the significance of developing
modern agriculture to strengthen the vitality of rural areas.

The first policy document, issued by the central committee of the Communist
Party of China and the State Council, the Cabinet, is the No. 1 central
document. This is the tenth consecutive year the document has focused on rural
problems.

The nine former documents were as follows:

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Feb.1, 2012, took "accelerating the
scientific and technological innovation to strengthen supply of agricultural
products" as its theme.

The document underscored the role technology plays in ensuring sustained
agricultural growth and effective supply of agricultural products.

China should promote industrialization, urbanization and agricultural
modernization simultaneously, and roll out more policies to strengthen
agriculture, benefit farmers, and enrich rural areas. It should work hard to
yield a good harvest, increase farmers' incomes and maintain the social harmony
and stability in rural areas, the document said.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Jan. 29, 2011, took "accelerating
development of water conservancy" as its theme.

The document set a target of improving the country's underdeveloped water
conservancy works over the next five to 10 years. It said the government will
double average annual spending on water conservancy over the next 10 years from
that of 2010.

It highlighted weaknesses in water conservancy infrastructure exposed by floods
and drought in recent years, noting that the country will finish building
effective flood control and drought relief systems by the end of 2020.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Jan. 31, 2010, took "speeding up
coordinated development between urban and rural areas and further cementing
foundation of agricultural and rural area development" as its theme.

China will put more investment, subsidies, fiscal and policy supports into rural
areas in 2010 and improve the livelihoods of rural residents, the document said.

It called for more efforts to maintain grain production, increase farmers'
incomes and development momentum in rural areas.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Feb. 1, 2009, took "achieving steady
agricultural development and sustained income increases for farmers" as its
theme.

The document highlighted challenges posed by the global downturn to agricultural
and rural development. It urged authorities to take resolute measures to avoid
declining grain production and to ensure the steady expansion of agriculture and
rural stability.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Jan. 30, 2008, took "fortifying the
foundation of agriculture" as its theme.

The document ordered rapid development of an enduring mechanism for
consolidating the foundation of agriculture, calling for more efforts to
guarantee grain product safety and a balance between supply and demand, and
between various grain products.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Jan. 29, 2007, had "developing modern
agriculture and steadily promoting the construction of a new socialist
countryside" as its theme.

Modern equipment, science and technology, industrial systems, management and
development ideas should be nurtured to improve the quality, economic returns
and competitiveness of agriculture, the document said.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Feb. 21, 2006, took "constructing a new
socialist countryside" as its theme.

The document said constructing a new socialist countryside was the foremost task
facing China in the 2006-2010 five-year period.

It urged for more efforts in coordinating the development of urban and rural
areas, developing modern agriculture, boosting farmers' incomes, enhancing rural
infrastructure, promoting social causes in rural areas and deepening rural
reforms.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Jan. 30, 2005, took "strengthening
rural work and improving the overall production capacity of agriculture" as its
theme.

China should bring into full play farmers and local governments' initiatives of
increasing grain production and boost financial, governmental and technological
support for the agriculture sector with the aim to improve agricultural
production capacity, the document said.

--- The No. 1 central document issued on Feb. 8, 2004, took "boosting farmers'
incomes" as its theme.

The document stressed that raising farmer's incomes was a significant issue both
economically and politically. It prescribed measures including adjusting
agricultural structure, increasing jobs for farmers, enhancing rural investment,
deepening rural reforms, and advancing agriculture-related science and
technology.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1212gmt 31 Jan 13

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

WB for transforming agriculture into high-value productive sector

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, May 18 -- The World Bank suggests transforming Bangladesh's
agriculture into a high-value productive sector as its growth holds the
potential to prop up the country's economy.

A 10 per cent rise in farm income in rural Bangladesh generates a 6.0 per cent
rise in non-farm income, says the global development financier to underpin its
view of the country's economic prospects.

"Hence, the growth of the non-farm economy largely depends on agriculture," said
the WB in a study report titled 'Dynamics of Rural Growth in Bangladesh:
Sustaining Poverty Reduction', launched Tuesday in Dhaka.

The WB report says Bangladesh's 87 per cent rural households are dependent on
the income from agriculture while 65 per cent households both on farm and
non-farm incomes.

The study, however, revealed that although rural non-farm employment is almost
two times higher than all urban employments put together in Bangladesh, non-farm
activities are not progressing sufficiently in scope or sophistication.

It calls for greater attention to foster a robust rural non-farm economy.

The World Bank Dhaka office launched the report at a discussion meeting.
Experts, agronomists, policymakers, businessmen and academics took part in the
discussion on the findings and recommendations.

Local Government, Rural Development and Cooperatives Minster Khandaker Mosharraf
Hossain, General Economics Division Member Prof Shamsul Alam, World Bank Country
Director in Bangladesh Qimiao Fan, and WB Director, Agriculture Global Practice,
Ms Ethel Sennhauserm, among others, took part in the discussion.

Lead Economist of the WB and team leader of the report Madhur Gautam presented
the highlights before the audience and discussants at the launching ceremony.

The Bank report says agriculture is a leading contributor to poverty reduction
in Bangladesh since 2000.

The country now needs to shift towards high-value agriculture, including
horticulture, livestock, and fisheries, as well as greater value addition to
improve farmers' income and household nutrition, the WB suggests.

The report said: "Much of Bangladesh's structural transformation is taking place
within the rural space. The process of growth and change in the rural economy
has not been uniform in all areas, but the effects are evident both within and
outside agriculture."

In its study the global development financier pointed out that the scarcity of
arable land (estimated at 0.05 hectares per capita) "probably poses the most
serious obstacle to future agriculture growth in Bangladesh".

About the marketing facilities of the agricultural products the WB report said
30.3 per cent traders reported transport congestion and another 26.2 per cent
transport delays as the main reasons for product loss or damage. Lack of
handling infrastructure or facilities is also responsible for product loss or
damage.

On the access to finance, the World Bank found out that much of the need for
working capital is met by traders from their own funds-83 per cent for 'aratdar'
and 85 per cent each for wholesale and retail traders.

The multilateral donor agency had a high note of praise for the raise in
agricultural productivity in Bangladesh in the last few decades to feed so many
mouths.

"It is remarkable that, with so many people and so little arable land, the
country has been able to provide sufficient food for almost everyone," the WB
Country Director, Mr Fan, told the meet.

The report noted that Bangladesh is widely recognized for its progress in human
development, but its achievements in agriculture remains little known.

The country needs to invest more in research on non-rice crops, livestock, and
fishery as well as infrastructure to support the shift towards high-value
agriculture, the Bank further supported.

Several flaws also have been found during the WB study on the agriculture sector
of the country, including the priority in spending from the public exchequer.

"Today, the largest share of public expenditure on agriculture goes to
subsidies. Almost half of the farmers overuse fertilizers. Excessive amount of
chemical fertilizers are creating environmental and health hazards," it said.

But the country now needs upgraded market facilities, increased investments in
roads to connect secondary cities, improved rural logistics and access to
finance to move to the next level, with more modern and efficient supply chains,
said Mr. Madhur Gautam, the team leader for the study.

The LGRD minister, Khandaker Mosharraf Hossain, said they needed to sharpen
their understanding of why the progression in the non-farm activities remained
limited-with the vast majority of rural households engaged in non-farm
activities remaining involved with basic activities and not progressing in terms
of sophistication or sale.

Prof Shamsul Alam said Bangladesh needs a push in starting mega farming instead
of small farming to upgrade its productivity.

The WB study identifies key changes in the rural economy, principal drivers of
rural income, policy implications, and actions needed to foster growth, reduce
poverty, and improve food security and nutrition.

kabirhumayan10@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 29, 2016

China eyes supply-side reform to boost agriculture

LENGTH: 616  words


The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform in agriculture.

A worker collects rice at a corn processing factory in Linghai, Northeast
China's Liaoning province, Nov 19, 2015.[Photo/Xinhua]

BEIJING -- For thirteen years in a row, China's "Number One Central Document"
has focused on agriculture and rural issues. This year it identified supply-side
reform as a way to boost agricultural modernization.

The document is the first major policy document released every year. Agriculture
is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation, featuring problems
including low farmer income, pollution and ineffective supply of farm produce.

"To a certain extent, supply of agricultural products, specifically, failed to
meet the changing demand, while off-loading of capacity needs to be applied to
some other products," said Chen Xiwen, director of the central agricultural work
leading team office on Thursday.

Total grain output increased 2.4 percent year on year to 621 million tons in
2015, the 12th-straight year of growth. As a result of supply and demand
imbalance, however, and price differences between domestic and foreign farming
products, China's grain imports soared.

The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform measures in the agricultural sector.

Supply-side structural reform in agriculture was thus emphasized and the
importance of innovation was also underscored in the document, which was
published Wednesday. The measures aim to better provide for high-quality goods
and services as well as to address problems such as overcapacity.

Production structure must meet diverse consumption demands with enterprises
encouraged to "go overseas" to balance exports and imports, according to
Wednesday's document.

Upholding an innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development
concept, the authorities called for faster transformation of agricultural models
and vowed "marked progress" in agriculture by 2020 to ensure the society becomes
moderately prosperous.

Although Chinese farmers' per capita disposable income increased 8.9 percent
year on year in 2015 to 11,422 yuan ($1,743), there is still a big gap compared
to urban residents.

Growth of rural income has outpaced that of urban dwellers since 2010,
nonetheless, villagers only earn about a third of city residents.

The average monthly income of migrant workers in 2015 was 3,072 yuan, up 7.2
percent year on year, a growth pace even lower than the per capita disposable
income. This means working in the cities has lost its competitive edge.

Last year, 168.84 million farmers left their hometown to work elsewhere, only
0.4 percent more than the previous year. A slower economy was an immediate cause
of the drop.

Supply-side structural reform aims to not only improve productivity but also to
realize people-first development. In this sense, the government vowed to help
rural workers find employment and increase their incomes.

Chen suggested a raft of measures to prop up agriculture and rural development
by pushing forward green development, promoting large-scale management of land
and expanding investment, among others.

According to the document, at least 53 million hectares of high-quality farmland
will be created by 2020, which will be highly productive to ensure stable yields
and able to withstand floods and droughts.

Training for farmers, increased investment in technology, modernization of the
seed sector and diverse business entities and models will increase the pace of
change.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1497/4/145403815813.jpg

f8bc126d980d181512530c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                January 29, 2016

China eyes supply-side reform to boost agriculture

LENGTH: 602  words


The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform in agriculture.

A worker collects rice at a corn processing factory in Linghai, Northeast
China's Liaoning province, Nov 19, 2015.[Photo/Xinhua]

BEIJING -- For thirteen years in a row, China's "Number One Central Document"
has focused on agriculture and rural issues. This year it identified supply-side
reform as a way to boost agricultural modernization.

The document is the first major policy document released every year. Agriculture
is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation, featuring problems
including low farmer income, pollution and ineffective supply of farm produce.

"To a certain extent, supply of agricultural products, specifically, failed to
meet the changing demand, while off-loading of capacity needs to be applied to
some other products," said Chen Xiwen, director of the central agricultural work
leading team office on Thursday.

Total grain output increased 2.4 percent year on year to 621 million tons in
2015, the 12th-straight year of growth. As a result of supply and demand
imbalance, however, and price differences between domestic and foreign farming
products, China's grain imports soared.

The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform measures in the agricultural sector.

Supply-side structural reform in agriculture was thus emphasized and the
importance of innovation was also underscored in the document, which was
published Wednesday. The measures aim to better provide for high-quality goods
and services as well as to address problems such as overcapacity.

Production structure must meet diverse consumption demands with enterprises
encouraged to "go overseas" to balance exports and imports, according to
Wednesday's document.

Upholding an innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development
concept, the authorities called for faster transformation of agricultural models
and vowed "marked progress" in agriculture by 2020 to ensure the society becomes
moderately prosperous.

Although Chinese farmers' per capita disposable income increased 8.9 percent
year on year in 2015 to 11,422 yuan ($1,743), there is still a big gap compared
to urban residents.

Growth of rural income has outpaced that of urban dwellers since 2010,
nonetheless, villagers only earn about a third of city residents.

The average monthly income of migrant workers in 2015 was 3,072 yuan, up 7.2
percent year on year, a growth pace even lower than the per capita disposable
income. This means working in the cities has lost its competitive edge.

Last year, 168.84 million farmers left their hometown to work elsewhere, only
0.4 percent more than the previous year. A slower economy was an immediate cause
of the drop.

Supply-side structural reform aims to not only improve productivity but also to
realize people-first development. In this sense, the government vowed to help
rural workers find employment and increase their incomes.

Chen suggested a raft of measures to prop up agriculture and rural development
by pushing forward green development, promoting large-scale management of land
and expanding investment, among others.

According to the document, at least 53 million hectares of high-quality farmland
will be created by 2020, which will be highly productive to ensure stable yields
and able to withstand floods and droughts.

Training for farmers, increased investment in technology, modernization of the
seed sector and diverse business entities and models will increase the pace of
change.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

China eyes supply-side reform to boost agriculture

LENGTH: 616  words


The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform in agriculture.

A worker collects rice at a corn processing factory in Linghai, Northeast
China's Liaoning province, Nov 19, 2015.[Photo/Xinhua]

BEIJING -- For thirteen years in a row, China's "Number One Central Document"
has focused on agriculture and rural issues. This year it identified supply-side
reform as a way to boost agricultural modernization.

The document is the first major policy document released every year. Agriculture
is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation, featuring problems
including low farmer income, pollution and ineffective supply of farm produce.

"To a certain extent, supply of agricultural products, specifically, failed to
meet the changing demand, while off-loading of capacity needs to be applied to
some other products," said Chen Xiwen, director of the central agricultural work
leading team office on Thursday.

Total grain output increased 2.4 percent year on year to 621 million tons in
2015, the 12th-straight year of growth. As a result of supply and demand
imbalance, however, and price differences between domestic and foreign farming
products, China's grain imports soared.

The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform measures in the agricultural sector.

Supply-side structural reform in agriculture was thus emphasized and the
importance of innovation was also underscored in the document, which was
published Wednesday. The measures aim to better provide for high-quality goods
and services as well as to address problems such as overcapacity.

Production structure must meet diverse consumption demands with enterprises
encouraged to "go overseas" to balance exports and imports, according to
Wednesday's document.

Upholding an innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development
concept, the authorities called for faster transformation of agricultural models
and vowed "marked progress" in agriculture by 2020 to ensure the society becomes
moderately prosperous.

Although Chinese farmers' per capita disposable income increased 8.9 percent
year on year in 2015 to 11,422 yuan ($1,743), there is still a big gap compared
to urban residents.

Growth of rural income has outpaced that of urban dwellers since 2010,
nonetheless, villagers only earn about a third of city residents.

The average monthly income of migrant workers in 2015 was 3,072 yuan, up 7.2
percent year on year, a growth pace even lower than the per capita disposable
income. This means working in the cities has lost its competitive edge.

Last year, 168.84 million farmers left their hometown to work elsewhere, only
0.4 percent more than the previous year. A slower economy was an immediate cause
of the drop.

Supply-side structural reform aims to not only improve productivity but also to
realize people-first development. In this sense, the government vowed to help
rural workers find employment and increase their incomes.

Chen suggested a raft of measures to prop up agriculture and rural development
by pushing forward green development, promoting large-scale management of land
and expanding investment, among others.

According to the document, at least 53 million hectares of high-quality farmland
will be created by 2020, which will be highly productive to ensure stable yields
and able to withstand floods and droughts.

Training for farmers, increased investment in technology, modernization of the
seed sector and diverse business entities and models will increase the pace of
change.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/4/145403714700.jpg

f8bc126d980d181512530c.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Rajasthan aims to double farmers' income in six years

LENGTH: 335  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


Mumbai, July 25 -- In an attempt to double the income of farmers by 2022, the
Rajasthan government plans to bring in latest technological innovation and
introduce best farming practices by inviting experts to Global Rajasthan
Agritech Meet (GRAM) in Jaipur from November 9 to 11.


 The event, organised by the Rajasthan government in association with Federation
of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, will showcase investment
opportunities in the sector involving products such as pressure irrigation,
solar pumps, custom hiring of farm machinery and implements, farm mechanisation
and agro-processing etc.
 To be attended by over 40,000 farmers, it will have representatives from the
Netherlands, Israel, Australia and Canada.
 Road show
 State Minister of Agriculture Prabhu Lal Saini, at a road show held in Mumbai
highlighted the new regulations, grants and policies of the State government in
agriculture and allied sectors and invited farmers and industrialists to partner
with Rajasthan in agriculture and related sectors.
 The primary objective of GRAM 2016 is to ensure the economic empowerment of the
farmers through accelerated yet sustainable growth in agriculture and double
their income by 2022. Farmers would be taught various new techniques to improve
yields and on use of drip irrigation to overcome drought-like situations, he
said.
 The event will provide a common platform to bring the members of entire
agricultural ecosystem, including farmers, academicians, scientists,
technologists, companies in agriculture business and policymakers, Saini said.
 Policy changes
 The State has ten different agro climatic zones and the government has
initiated enumerable policy changes in agriculture in recent past that relates
to technological and infrastructural interventions for sustainable enhancement
of farm productivity, reducing post-harvest losses and promoting farm-based
industries.
 The three-day event will help companies and service providers to showcase their
latest offerings, Saini said.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Chennai Online

                           March 15, 2016 6:30 AM EST

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agri earning: Govt

LENGTH: 363  words


Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly concealing taxable income
as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on Tuesday and told
the Opposition not to term it as political victimisation if their names come
out.

After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
blackmoney being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.

"Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)."

He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members seeking the
names of such persons.

Agricultural income is exempt from income tax.

Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us."

Jaitley said there was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on
farm income in view of the agricultural situation in the country.

Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.

Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty.

She also used the occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party
founder Kanshi Ram on his birth anniversary on Tuesday.

Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.

Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter.

Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267 seeking suspension
of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.

"An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


 Copyright 2016 Chennai Interactive Business Services (P) Ltd., distributed by
                                  Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Tractor protest in 28 towns to oppose cuts in agriculture

BYLINE: SEÁN Mac CONNELL Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 367 words


THOUSANDS OF tractors will be driven through 28 towns in the State next Monday
in a  tractorcade  protest organised by the Irish Farmers  Association
(IFA)against Government cutbacks

IFA president Pádraig Walshe said the tractorcades were to highlight Government
cuts and the devastating impact collapsing farm incomes were having on farm
families and the rural economy.

Almost every town throughout rural Ireland is dependent on agriculture and the
income collapse will lead to significant downturn in business across the rural
economy. The Government must take immediate action to address this issue,  he
said.

Because of a combination of poor farm market prices, a disastrous and costly wet
summer and repeated draconian Government cuts on vital farm schemes, farm
incomes were expected to fall by 25 per cent in 2009.

This combined with a reduction of 13 per cent in 2008 means that farm incomes
will have fallen by over 35 per cent in the last two years,  he said.

The IFA president pointed out that agriculture was vital to the rural economy of
all counties as it was the largest indigenous industry in Ireland.

Mr Walshe said the tractorcade was further evidence of farmers  anger against
repeated Government cuts. His members, he said, were now facing into a winter of
cash shortages while trying to provide for their families and keep their
businesses afloat.

Meanwhile, the Department of Agriculture yesterday said milk output was 9 per
cent under quota at the end of August, a historic low for the time of year.

It reported the figure based on estimated milk deliveries submitted by milk
purchasers for the period up to August 31st.

A combination of poor weather and low prices has meant many herds produced less
than expected and farmers took cows out of production or fed the milk to calves.

A group of farmers in the midlands has threatened to withhold milk rather than
supply to processors at current prices.

The group, which claims to have more than 100 members, will hold an open meeting
in the County Arms Hotel, Birr, Co Offaly, tomorrow night.

Secretary of the group Richard Friday said the aim was to get a baseline price
for milk and if this could not be achieved, then milk would be withheld.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            November 28, 2008 Friday

PA passes resolution against agriculture tax

BYLINE: CH AAMER WAQAS

LENGTH: 555 words


LAHORE - The Punjab Assembly on Friday has passed a resolution against the
much-feared agriculture income tax, while the resolution was supported by
coalitions partners - Pakistan Peoples Party and Pakistan Muslim League-N -
including PML-Q though a few of the PPP female MPAs voted against this.

Secondly, the government has decided to transfer District Coordination Officer
Mandi Bahauddin for misbehaving with two MPAs.

After the Question Hour, PML-N member Waris Kalo, when Speaker Rana Muhammad
Iqbal allowed him to present the resolution.

The Mover had contented that the federal government was imposing the agriculture
income tax after the International Monetary Fund had given a list of demands to
the government, which was seeking loan from the Fund. "The farmers were already
paying lot of direct and indirect taxes including provincial income tax, sales
tax, water tax and others. The Provincial Assembly demands of the federal not
levying the agriculture income tax," said the Resolution.

Riffat Sultana Dar and Sajida Mir immediately opposed the resolution, while
quite a few females joined them when the voting was being carried out.

Law Rana Sanaullah Khan, while giving assurance on behalf of the government,
said that the Punjab government would not impose such a tax on farmers.
"Secondly, constitutionally the federal government cannot levy this tax," he
added.

Senior Minister Raja Riaz Ahmed gave an assurance in the House that the central
government would not impose any tax on farmers.

Interestingly, the imposition of the agriculture tax is a provincial subject,
and demanding such a thing from the federal government is itself misplaced.

After the resolution was passed through majority vote, the situation turned out
to be interesting when Speaker Rana Iqbal inordinately said, "the decision is in
favour of No".

However, he immediately realised the mistake and reverted the statement to
'yes'. This provided an opportunity to the females, who raised their voice
against the decision.

Another motion regarding the formation of standing committees in provincial
assembly was also passed with majority.

After the privilege motions, Minister finance Tanvir Ashraf Kaira presented an
enquiry report on misbehaviour by District Coordination Officer Mandi Bahauddin
with two PPP members Asif Bashir Baghat and Tariq Mehmood "It had been proved in
the enquiry that the DCO Wahid Akhtar Ansari misbehaved with elected members,
and later he tried to create law and order situation by displaying banners
against the elected members in the district through officials. The committee has
unanimously decided to transfer the DCO," Kaira added.

As per Kaira, the Committee comprising Kaira, Malik Nadeem Kamran, Syed Hassan
Murtaza and Sardar Mohsin Leghari, waited for the DCO till 7pm on Thursday
(yesterday) when Ansari arrived to give explanation.

On Thursday, the PPP MPAs launched a strong protest and demand suspending of the
DCO.

Law minister said Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif had given assurance during a
meeting with him that he would follow the committee decision and the DCO would
be transferred.

After completing the business Deputy Speaker Rana Mashhood Ahmed Khan prorogue
the 10th session of the PA for an indefinite period. He read an order of
Governor Punjab Salman Taseer in this regard.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2008 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

MASSACHUSETTS
Team USDA-MHFA

                              May 7, 2001, Monday

Ryan McKaig



The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development division and the
Massachusetts Housing Finance Agency last week announced a partnership to help
low- and moderate-income families become first-time home buyers.

"Since the full faith and credit of the U.S. Treasury backs loan guarantees
issued by USDA Rural Development, many lenders consider this program to be a
relatively risk-free way to expand portfolios," the Massachusetts HFA said in a
release.

Borrowers must be first-time homebuyers and must complete an MHFA homebuyer
counseling workshop. The agency said the program will help residents in lower
income brackets by eliminating the down-payment requirement for borrowers, which
it called "a common barrier to owning a home for many low-income people."

Copyright c 2001 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NORTHEAST BOND-WATCH; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 145 words

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: Lahore






    New Delhi: Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly concealing
taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said on
Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political victimisation if
their names come out.



    After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount
of black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.

    "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he
said. "Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after
that (probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition
members seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from
income tax.

    Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.

    Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that
Rs 2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and
sought an explanation from the government on the issue.

    Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in
the name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used
the occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi
Ram on his birth anniversary today.

    Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in
reports that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned
the government against taxing farm income.

    Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.

    "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given
a proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.




LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Massive farm losses likely: Realized net income to fall to negative $203M,
report says

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 614  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- Abnormally low prices for crops, a strong Canadian dollar and
skyrocketing costs are adding up to massive losses on Saskatchewan farms, says a
new income forecast.

Realized net farm income in Saskatchewan is again forecast to be in the negative
at minus $203 million this year, worse than the estimated minus $77 million for
2005.

Manitoba, which is still coping with last year's flooding, is expected to hit
minus $195 million in 2006, with Alberta in the black at about $250 million,
according to the income report released this week by Agriculture Canada.

Nationally, realized net farm income is forecast to be $875 million in 2006, a
50 per cent decline from the $1.9 billion in 2005. Government program payments
are still projected to top $4.1 billion -- the fourth highest amount on record.

"We need something to stop the bleeding for spring," said Neal Hardy, president
of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities.

"We know that there was a big crop but a lot of it is tough and damp and poor
quality, and a lot of it they can't sell. There's just no market for it right
now."

Canada-wide, crop receipts are expected to increase by three per cent in 2006
due to an increase in the amount of grain and oilseeds being marketed from the
large 2005 harvest.

But "burdensome" stocks of grains, combined with the continued strengthening
Canadian dollar, will affect prices for most crops, the report said.

"Wheat, barley and corn are expected to exhibit small improvements in price in
2006, but remain stubbornly low as crop prices in 2005 were extremely low," it
said.

Livestock receipts are expected to increase two per cent in 2006, driven by
continued improvement in the cattle industry now that younger live cattle can go
to the U.S. and some beef trade with Japan has resumed.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman, who joined his provincial
counterparts Tuesday in a conference call with new federal Agriculture Minister
Chuck Strahl, said the $755 million in previously announced emergency aid that
Tories are fast-tracking to grain and oilseed farmers is welcome. The
Conservatives also promised during the recent federal campaign another $500
million for farm programs.

But Wartman said it will be "very, very hard to compensate" for the kinds of
losses that Saskatchewan producers are expected to suffer due to low world
prices for crops and burgeoning costs.

"As with the provincial pool, the federal pool of dollars is always limited but
we'll be trying to clearly make the point (with Strahl) that we need some
significant funding to help strengthen our industry here in the province,"
Wartman said.

The new Conservative government also needs to act swiftly on its promise to
replace the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, a farm safety
net that's been a "bureaucratic nightmare," said Bob Bjornerud, Saskatchewan
Party agriculture critic.

"(Government) can't solve all the problems in agriculture but they can help
bring stability through to the programs that they do have, and that hasn't
happened to this point," Bjornerud said.

In the meantime, farmers are looking at how they can seed a crop and lose the
least amount of money possible, said Ken McBride, president of the Agricultural
Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

McBride said that while immediate cash flow is a major concern, long-term plans
such as a renewable fuels standard to pump up production of ethanol and
biodiesel -- which use commodities such as wheat and canola -- also need to
proceed.

The farm income forecast, done by Agriculture Canada in consensus with
provincial governments and Statistics Canada, is based on information available
up to the end of December.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Funding of farm schemes key to hitting export targets

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 730 words


It has contributed significantly to economic recovery and the maintenance of
economic activity and employment across all parts of Ireland. However, the cuts
to farm schemes in successive budgets have had a damaging effect on farm
incomes, notably the vulnerable, low-income drystock sectors.

Actions to improve farm profitability, both within and outside the farm gate,
must be prioritised by all stakeholders in the agri-food sector if we are to
deliver on ambitious targets for export and employment growth outlined in the
new 10-year strategy, Food Wise 2025.

As an aside, for the new agri-strategy to be a success, farmers will have to be
properly rewarded for their work and investment. The report identifies what
farmers have to do, but does not place any onus on Government and other
stakeholders to deliver a fair return to primary producers. This needs to be
addressed if the ambitious targets are to be achieved.

The recovery evident in the public finances and the measurable contribution of
agriculture and the agri-food sector to economic recovery gives a strong
justification for the reversal of cuts to farm schemes and full implementation
of new schemes under the 2014   2020 Rural Development Programme.

IFA is clear that, in Budget 2016, the Government must deliver on its funding
commitment to the Rural Development Programme. Funding of  580m must be provided
for RDP farm schemes in this October s budget, the requirements for which are
outlined below.

This funding will deliver programmes of support for low-income farmers, support
provision of environmental services, encourage young farmers, promote on-farm
investment and support farming in marginal areas. Expenditure priorities for
farming in Budget 2016 are:

Funding of  220m must be given to agri-environment schemes in Budget 2016, with
full payments for all GLAS and AEOS participants;

A targeted payment for the ewe flock, requiring a funding allocation of  25m in
Budget 2016;

Full-year payments under the Suckler Beef Genomic scheme must be provided for
all qualifying animals in Budget 2016;

That funding of  15m is allocated for the rollout of Knowledge Transfer
programmes for farmers across all sectors in 2016;

Funding of  40m is allocated to the TAMS II programme in 2016, to cater for all
sectors;

Increased funding for TB Eradication Programme, to include increased
consequential loss payments for farmers to align the level of support with
actual income foregone.

The outcome of the comprehensive review of agri-taxation in 2014, undertaken
jointly by the Departments of Finance and Agriculture, represented real
progress, with the retention, enhancement and targeting of key measures to
improve land mobility, farm restructuring and promote on-farm investment. Budget
2016 provides an opportunity for the Government to further build upon the
measures arising from the agri-taxation review.

Taxation priorities for farming in Budget 2016 are:

Introduction of an income tax incentive for families who farm in partnership for
a given time period, at the end of which time the farm is transferred to the
next generation;

Introduction of an earned income tax credit for self-employed workers to restore
equity in the income tax system. The difference in income tax treatment between
the self-employed and employees is particularly severe at lower income levels,
and must be removed;

Retention of 90% Agricultural Relief for farm transfers and adjustment of CAT
thresholds to reflect asset price changes.

Extension of the stamp duty young trained farmers exemption and stock relief
measures past their current expiry dates of December 31, 2015.

Budget cuts of the last seven years also have impacted negatively on the ability
of Government agencies and Department of Agriculture offices to deliver support
services to the primary agriculture sector, in the areas of research, advisory,
education, promotion, and animal health.

In Budget 2016 and future Budgets, resources must be prioritised towards
increasing service provision through increased personnel and capacity in the
agencies and sections responsible for supporting the development and growth of
the primary agriculture sector, including Teagasc, Bord Bia, ICBF, AHI, and the
veterinary laboratories.

This will be critical to maintaining and building upon the important
contribution of agriculture and the agri-food sector to economic recovery and
growth.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday

Island farmers getting over $8 million in aid as planting nears

BYLINE: Sharratt, Steve

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 384  words


P.E.I. farmers will get an $8.6-million share from the $1- billion federal farm
aid program announced Tuesday, says Malpeque MP Wayne Easter.

"It's going to keep asset levels up and provide farmers with the cash liquidity
they need to put in a spring crop," Easter said from Ottawa.

Agriculture and Agri-Food Minister Andy Mitchell announced $1 billion in
immediate federal assistance for cash-strapped Canadian farmers facing record
low farm incomes as the first step in an aggressive effort to restructure the
national agriculture industry.

The Farm Income Payment Program will begin delivering the money in April as part
of a two-part plan to ease immediate financial pressures on farmers and allow
for a transformation of the industry that addresses the root causes of declining
farm income.

"The continued closure of the U.S. border to Canadian beef, the strong dollar
and loss of market share has hit Island farmers very hard and we applaud this
announcement,' said Eddy Dykerman, president of the P.E.I. Federation of
Agriculture.

Easter says Mitchell is the first minister in a long time to actually help the
farm sector rather than pay lip service to the industry.

"This is all new money and the minister had to be given credit because he's
never tried to put a spin on the farm income problem and pretend it doesn't
exist," said Easter.

In the announcement, the government says agriculture is a shared jurisdiction
and called on the provinces to match the initiative on a 60/40 basis.

"We've been hearing from farmers that they are having difficulties coming up
with the cash needed to put a crop in this spring,' said Dykerman. "There is
certainly a need for funds going into this growing season and we are hopeful
this program will help these folks out."

Easter said the assistance program is one of the biggest ever and comes at a
time when Canadian farmers are being kept out of large markets for political
reasons and face disadvantage from countries that provide significant subsidies
for food production.

Dykerman said the federation is urging the Island government to confirm
participation.

"We understand the province is facing budgetary difficulties, however, elected
officials need to understand that when P.E.I. farmers are facing difficulties,
the P.E.I. economy is negatively impacted," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Govt to Launch Grand Irrigation, Insurance Plans: Agri Minister

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: NEW DELHI


NEW DELHI, May 28 -- The government will launch a nation-wide rural irrigation
programme and an insurance scheme to protect farmers' income, new Agriculture
Minister Radha Mohan Singh announced today after assuming office.Stating that
only 44 per cent of the cultivable land is under irrigation as of now, he said
the government will launch an irrigation scheme, 'Pradhan Mantri Grameen
Sinchayee Yojana'. This was promised in the BJP manifesto.

Singh said the government is prepared to tackle any eventuality in case of bad
monsoon and it has already sent advisories to all state governments.

"I held a meeting with ministry officials today and we have decided that we will
bring 'Pradhan Mantri Grameen Sinchayee Yojana' similar to Grameen Sadak Yojana.
We have also decided to bring an insurance scheme to ensure income to farmers,"
he told reporters.

The minister said the insurance scheme will be launched after determining the
average income of farmers in the last 5-7 years. The Centre will bear the burden
of premium for insurance of average income, he added.

"Farmers will take interest in agriculture only when their investment is
guaranteed," Singh said, but did not give any time-frame to launch these two
schemes.

He also stressed on conserving the indigenous breed of cows and said the
ministry will bring a scheme for this purpose.

The government will soon take a decision on the proposal on fixing the minimum
support price (MSP) of kharif crops, he said, adding the long-term plan is to
fix the MSP at 50 per cent more than the cost of production.

Singh promised to review the Agriculture Produce arketing Committee Act (APMC)
and co-operative laws.

Regretting the fact that only two central agriculture universities exist in the
country at present, he said the number will be increased to strengthen
agri-research.

Asked about GM crops, Singh said GM technology would be adopted only if it is
"very very necessary".

On price rise, the new minister said: "The NDA government had kept prices under
control during its six-year rule between 1998-2004".

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 9, 1989 Saturday

Saskatchewan farmers need $1 billion, but Ottawa says it can't   afford to help

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 509 words


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
    Saskatchewan farmers are so broke they will need up to $1-billion in
government assistance next year just to survive, says Garfield Stevenson,
president of the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool .

"We won't be able to survive without help," he said in a telephone
interview. "We'll need $500-million by spring just to get the seed in the
ground, and much the same later in the year to keep going."

Mr. Stevenson's comments echoed those of several other Canadian farm
leaders, who were dismayed by a federal report Thursday that predicted a
sharp decline in farm incomes next year.

Realized farm income - a federal term for gross revenue less operating
expenses and depreciation - is expected to fall by 39 per cent across
Canada next year, to only $2.6-billion.

The three Prairie provinces are expected to feel the brunt.
Saskatchewan farm income is expected to fall by 101 per cent into a net
loss position, while Manitoba is expected to drop by 87 per cent and
Alberta by 54 per cent.

"It looks pretty gruesome, doesn't it?" said Brigid Pyke, president of
the Ontario Federation of Agriculture. "It hasn't been this bad since the
'50s and '60s. It will be a tough year."

The Canadian Federation of Agriculture agreed. "Farmers have no
inventory left to sell," acting director Sally Rutherford said. "They've
got nothing left to fall back on."

Like the others, Ms Rutherford said Prairie farmers were suffering
through no fault of their own. There have been three Prairie droughts in
recent years, the world price of grain is still below cost, and now Ottawa
is cutting subsidies.

Government spending will fall to about $1.7-billion next year from
$4.8-billion this year and $6-billion in 1988, according to one federal
spokesman.

This will have a serious impact on the industry because subsidies have
accounted for the bulk of Prairie incomes in recent years, Mrs. Pyke said.
According to one academic study, farm incomes in one jurisdiction totalled
$3.6-billion, of which $3.3-billion came from government.

"You cut the government payments, and there's nothing left," she said.

Tom Van Dusen, a spokesman for federal Agriculture Minister Donald
Mazankowski, said Ottawa will not repeat the special $1-billion subsidies
of the past three years, and the Western Grain Stabilization Fund will not
pay out this year for technical reasons.

Furthermore, Ottawa has no plans to bail out farmers who are affected
by the current problems.

"There is no money, of course," he said. "No money has been set aside."

Mr. Van Dusen said the federal government wants to help farmers, but it
cannot afford to pay $6-billion subsidies every year.

"We can't go on forever paying that sort of money," he said.

For its part, the Manitoba government has asked Ottawa to help farmers
hit by drought this summer.

Manitoba Agriculture Minister Glen Findlay said a request is being
prepared for the federal government to provide drought assistance to
farmers in southwest and south-central Manitoba.

Mr. Findlay said soil moisture levels in rural Manitoba are the worst
they have been in the 1980s.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Kingdom

                               December 23, 2010

Agri sector fights back with strong recovery reported

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 417 words


AN increase in farm incomes of up to 46 per cent indicates a strong recovery in
the agriculture sector after two very difficult years, according to the IFA.

The organisation's president, John Bryan, said that based on provisional Central
Statistic Office figures, the average farm income stands at EUR 17,500.

"The single farm payment and the farm schemes are crucial for all farm families
and continue to make up a very significant proportion of net farm income," Mr
Bryan said.

"From a point 12 months ago where farm incomes collapsed, this improvement is
very much needed by farm families whose livelihoods were badly affected by a
range of factors in 2008 and

2009.

"The recovery in farm incomes augurs well for the planned expansion in the
sector, which will drive exports and jobs and contribute to Ireland's economic
recovery," the IFA leader stated.

With regard to livestock, the CSO figures show an output increase of EUR 177
million, taking account of stock changes based on the June livestock survey.

However, the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food AIMS data as of
August 1, which is a full acount of all livestock on Irish farms, show that
stock numbers are down by 327,706 animals, or an estimated EUR 140 million.

"Looking ahead to 2011, greater equity in the food supply chain is essential to
provide viable incomes to producers, as feed, fuel and fertiliser costs
escalate.

"Retailers will have to pass back some of their excessive margins to producers
across all commodities - milk, beef, lamb, pigs, poultry, eggs and fresh produce
- to reflect increases on-farm production costs," Mr Bryan remarked.

Meanwhile, the Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food, Brendan Smith, also
welcomed the latest farm income figures.

The minister added: "The increase in income was particularly strong in the
cereals sector where improved prices resulted in an 88 per cent rise in the
output value of the sector to ¤202 million, the second highest annual figure in
the last 15 years".

"The importance of the sector was also recognised in the recent budget and the
latest figures demonstrate the key role the agri-food sector will play in
economic recovery.

"The outlook for 2011 is undoubtedly positive, with renewed strength in the
sector, combined with the positive measures announced in the budget, leaving it
well placed to increase its already crucial contribution to Ireland's economy
and to show that the expansion envisaged in Food Harvest 2020 is very much
attainable," Minister Smith remarked.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Re-invest in agriculture: Temu

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 345 words


THE Minister for Agriculture and Livestock, Sir Puka Temu said the income
generated from the PNG LNG project and other mining development should be
reinvested back into the agriculture sector.

Sir Puka said that PNG as from 2014 will be benefitting from the proceeds of the
LNG project and proposed that these should be reinvested to promote agriculture
development.

He said agriculture will continue to remain as the backbone of the PNG economy
and it is vital that the benefits from the mining sector are utilised to develop
a vibrant and sustainable agriculture sector. Agriculture is the livelihood for
the majority of the rural population and is here to stay unlike the
non-renewable resources such as gold, copper, oil and gas.

Sir Puka made the comments when addressing a special provincial executive
council meeting in East New Britain province last week. He was invited by the
Governor Leo Dion, to address the meeting.

Sir Puka told the special PEC that he was glad to visit ENB which he regarded as
a model agriculture province because of its success so far in promoting
agriculture growth.

He said the province is more advanced because of its innovative approach,
stability, good governance and supportive administration as well as having a
number of important educational and agricultural institutions.

The government is supportive of Vision 2050 which promotes wealth creation as
one of the key pillars and therefore will continue to support agriculture
development as the way forward, Sir Puka said. He said it is vital that the
income generated by the non-renewable resources sector is put back into
enhancing agriculture growth.

The agriculture sector must never be neglected, however, everyone must work
together to develop better strategies and initiatives such as downstream
processing and value-adding, he said.

The national government will be looking at providing tax incentives, reduced tax
on agricultural imports, agricultural machinery, feed and others, improve credit
facilities, improve infrastructure, communication, transport, marketing and
others.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Meghalaya Times (India)

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

Farming sector neglected in the midst of the affluent hiding taxable income as
farm earnings

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: Shillong


Shillong, March 16 -- Union Finance Minister Arun Jaitley disclosed on the Floor
of Rajya Sabha that government has been probing the cases of some prominent
people hiding their taxable income as agricultural earnings; he also makes it
extremely clear that there is no proposal for taxing the farmers. His statement
came after members expressed concern over the issue, citing a report that the
Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has now been inquiring into the genuineness
of farm income claims exceeding Rs.1 crore made by people in their income tax
(IT) returns.

Jaitley also agrees to the suggestion by the member that there should be a high
level inquiry and those who have made black money in the name of agriculture
should be caught. He also said that if someone is misrepresenting
non-agricultural income as farm earnings; it will be probed individually because
the government has no proposal to levy income tax on farmers.

As a jibe Jaitley said on the Floor of the Parliament that there are many
prominent people who have done this and probe is on against them. When the probe
is over and the facts are revealed, don't call it political victimization, he
said.

If the disclosure is found as per the statement, it will be one of the most
unfortunate and unethical practices, as the prominent people are evading taxes
in the name of farm earnings while the genuine farmers are finding it difficult
to make end meets. Added to this is the natural calamities which keep testing
the persistence of the farmers who find it difficult to repay loans driving many
to commit suicide.

Agriculture is one occupation which has nurtured civilizations since its origin.
Be it royal dynasties or nuclear families, from an individual farmer's house to
village community farming, every individual household today across the world has
been dependent on agriculture at one point of time or the other, making it the
lifeline of evolution, thus binding the plethora of societies to their
individual roots. Agriculture is unlike industries, considered as the backbone
of the nation, which has drawn employees largely from outside who mostly focus
on extraction and exploitation of natural resources leading to migration of
humanity across the seven seas. On the contrary, industrialists are dictating
terms and conditions for national development while the farmers are the most
neglected lot. Politics is also considered an industry here in India.

Every political party in India has used agriculture as an agenda to gain votes,
knowing well the development of agriculture and growth of particular crops
largely depends on rainfall, fertility of a particular type of soil, irrigation,
traditional practices of farming after which comes the government pricing
policy, transportation and finally the market. Hence, it is a fool proof way not
to be tainted as a failure to deliver on promises after five years in power.

There are numerous factors to be blamed as farmers are mostly a dormant
population rooted in their farmlands and away from politicking, often ignorant
of seeking report cards of politicians and their performance on behalf of the
farming community.

On the issues ranging from agricultural debt waive and debt relief scheme of
various union governments to research on various crops to finding out solutions
to prevent farmer suicides after harvest failures, no concrete solution has ever
been reached at. Delicately lingering on to the problems is assurance of vote
bank. Here is where the politicians keep their existence secure by banking on
the misfortune of the farming community as the 'Farmers Card'.

Be it the Farmers Rally of Congress Vice President, Rahul Gandhi at Ramlila
Madan or National Democratic Alliance (NDA) scheme for Farmers and Land Bill, in
the past every successive union government had taken up the same issues with
such movements reaching their peak during the government of VP Singh and Chandra
Shekhar's Janata Dal government. Strangely, all such movements just ended up in
mud-slinging between opposing political parties. There was no solution arrived
at for the affected community who are at the crux of the issue.

In Meghalaya too, the community of farmers are the most neglected lot. The 44
year old state still needs to import every essential commodity including food
crops and vegetables. The rural produces fail to reach the market due to absence
of proper connectivity while year after year the funds are spent on repair and
re-blacktopping of urban roads.

There is no Government pricing for all crops while at the same time, every
government in power has failed to ensure that the state produces reach the
market, as the production fails to meet the demand of domestic consumption.
Unregulated markets for all produces in the state have escalated the cost due to
import, while most perishable crops are left to rot in the field.

Besides the government, none of the pressure groups or civil society at large
had ever taken up the issues on behalf of the farmers in the state.

The high migration of rural youth to urban cities in search of better employment
has kept agricultural fields neglected. It is time for the state government to
focus on rural development and stop all the cosmetic blacktopping of roads to
benefit the contractors and utilize the government fund.

The presence of ICAR (Indian Council of Agricultural Research) in the state is
yet to be utilized to the fullest both by the state government and the farmers.
It is time to allow the lifeline of the nation to have its natural growth by
carefully nurturing the farmers and not use them just as political scapegoats or
launching pads for politicians.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Meghalaya Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Meghalaya Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 13, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LIMIT FARM SUPPORT TO THOSE WHO SHOW FARMING LOSSES

BYLINE: Peter Sperry

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7

LENGTH: 746 words



AGRICULTURAL SUBSIDIES

ONE of the first tasks facing lawmakers returning to Washington is approval of a
$ 7.6 billion "emergency" farm bill the Senate passed just prior to the August
recess. The measure, which would consume half of next year's surplus, is billed
as help for poor farmers suffering a bad year. In reality, it's a boondoggle
that would double an already generous federal subsidy used primarily by wealthy
"agribusinesses."

As Agriculture Committee Chairman Richard Lugar, R-Ind., noted during the Senate
debate, even without "emergency" spending, federal farm subsidies for crop year
1999 will total $ 16.6 billion.

More than 685,000 U.S. farms take advantage of such allowances, harvesting an
average yearly subsidy of more than $ 24,000, according to the latest Census of
Agriculture.

By allocating an additional $ 7.6 billion, the Senate bill would bring yearly
federal payments to $ 24.2 billion, or more than $ 35,000 per farm.

Certainly some farmers have been hit hard by this year's drought, and record low
commodity prices have made other crops barely worth harvesting. Many small
family farms may be forced to default on loan payments or go even deeper in debt
to meet this year's operating expenses.

The farm bill, by increasing federal subsidies to their wealthy co mpetitors,
could make their situation worse.

The Senate could have targeted federal assistance only to those farmers who
could demonstrate a real loss of income.

Instead, it voted to provide a 100 percent increase in Agriculture Market
Transition Assistance payments for any farm with an AMTA contract regardless of
how much money it makes, whether it has lost any crops, or how much of its
income even depends on farming.

Consider the demographics of two groups whose eligibility for this subsidy is
highly questionable.

"Large Family Farms" have an average household income of about $ 118,450 per
year and a net worth of $ 925,782.

Only family-owned farms with gross sales above $ 500,000 qualify for this
category. These agribusinesses operate less than 5.5 percent of all farms but
account for 46 percent of U.S. agricultural production.

ALTHOUGH the average household income of these farms is more than twice the
average for the rest of the country, they continue to receive about $ 14,826
each in federal subsidies -- an amount that would double under the farm bill.

And that's only an average -- many "Large Family Farms" would receive even more.
According to the Agriculture Department, the top 100 recipients of farm
subsidies collect payments ranging from $ 200,000 to $ 600,000. Yet even they
will be eligible for a 100 percent increase if the agriculture bill passes.
These agribusinesses are "family farms" in the same way Holiday Inn is a family
hotel.

The second group, "Retirement and Residential/Lifestyle" farms, are little more
than large gardens or open pasture dedicated to the Conservation Reserve
Program, which pays farmers to leave their fields idle.

Residential/Lifestyle farmers (average income: $ 57,242) are individuals or
families who derive the bulk of their income from non-farm sources and who
operate farms as part of a rural lifestyle. Less than 30 percent of these
farmers turn a profit. They typically subsidize their hobby with income from
off-farm sources, including nearly $ 1,000 a year from federal taxpayers.

Retirement farms and Residential/Lifestyle farms account for 54.2 percent of all
farms enrolled in the CRP -- and yes, they too can look forward to seeing their
subsidies double under the farm bill.

No one could fault small family farmers if they suggested that the federal
spigot for competitors with six-figure incomes be turned off completely, or for
questioning subsidies for hobby farmers whose crops flood the market and drive
down commodity prices for the rest of the industry.

Surely emergency assistance should be limited to those truly in need, such as
farmers with incomes below $ 50,000 who derive at least 25 percent of that
income from farming.

Well-off corporate or "lifestyle" farmers should get off the agri-dole.

Americans are compassionate and willing to assist their neighbors when
necessary. But Congress should not abuse this generosity by extending
"emergency" assistance to those who don't need it. Taxpayers should not be
forced to subsidize hobbies, six-figure incomes or unfair competition that
threatens the very family farmers they are trying to help.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC Graphic / Illustration by PAUL LACHINE - (farmer with dollar
bills impaled on his pitchfork.)

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

IEP-RIC holds pre-budget seminar on agriculture

LENGTH: 500 words

DATELINE: New York



ISLAMABAD: Agriculture experts at a pre-budget seminar
on agriculture organized here by Institution of Engineers Pakistan,
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) called for paying greater
attention to improving the living conditions of farmers' community.


      They expressed serious concern over decline in farmers' income and
less use of advanced technology that was resulting in poor per acre yield
of various crops and growing poverty in rural areas.
      World renowned agriculture expert Shaukat Khan who had been
associated with World Bank, USAID and other international institutions
in his key-note addressed cautioned that the non-seriousness and
disintegrated approach at the government's level towards agriculture
could bring disastrous impact on country's overall economy.
      It seminar, presided over by the Chairman
IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi, said a news release issued
here on Sunday.
      Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice
Chancellor City University) also took part in the discussion, underlying the
need of paying greater attention to agriculture to get rid of poverty.
      Shaukat Khan giving detailed presentation on sustainable
agriculture development, major issues and problems related to it,
stressed that wide-income gap among bread-earners of rural
and urban areas should be bridged to maximum extend in order
to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development
of their agriculture land.
      He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public
and private sectors talked much but failed to deliver on the
ground and achieving their stipulated objectives.
      He also called for better use of modern technology for
developing efficient crops' development system. He deplored
that currently about 40-year old tractor and cultivator
agriculture machinery is in use, which shows callousness at
the level of policy-makers.
      He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce Income
inequality and poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome
certain hurdles and anomalies by adopting development plan
at Union council's level.
      Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other
sectors is also a matter of serious concern. Government, he said
needed to change the mind-set of just focusing on pro-Urban
and pro-rich policies.
      Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved
utmost priority in policy-making. He hoped that in the coming budget
prop-agriculture measures would be taken to ensure
country's better future.
      Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue
holding such events to provide professional input to the government
and other relevant institutions.
      Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the
experience and knowledge of the seniors with young
professionals. IPE, a body of seniors engineers wish to play its
positive and constructive role in the country's socio-economic
development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 17 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.


 After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.
 "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members
seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from income
tax.
 Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.
 Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.
 Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used the
occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi Ram
on his birth anniversary today.
 Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.
 Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.
 "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 17 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.


 After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.
 "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members
seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from income
tax.
 Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.
 Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.
 Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used the
occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi Ram
on his birth anniversary today.
 Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.
 Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.
 "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 17 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.


 After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.
 "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members
seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from income
tax.
 Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.
 Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.
 Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used the
occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi Ram
on his birth anniversary today.
 Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.
 Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.
 "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 16 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.


 After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.
 "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members
seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from income
tax.
 Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.
 Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.
 Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used the
occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi Ram
on his birth anniversary today.
 Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.
 Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.
 "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 16, 2016 Wednesday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: FM Jaitley

LENGTH: 368  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 16 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.


 After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
black money being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.
 "Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)." He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members
seeking the names of such persons. Agricultural income is exempt from income
tax.
 Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us." Jaitley said there
was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on farm income in view
of the agricultural situation in the country.
 Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.
 Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty. She also used the
occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party founder Kanshi Ram
on his birth anniversary today.
 Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.
 Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter. Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267
seeking suspension of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.
 "An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

"Prominent" people concealing taxable income as agricultural earning: Govt

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 15 -- Many prominent people are being probed for allegedly
concealing taxable income as agricultural earnings, Finance Minister Arun
Jaitley said on Tuesday and told the Opposition not to term it as political
victimisation if their names come out.

After Opposition JD-U, SP and BSP raised the issue of reports of huge amount of
blackmoney being masqueraded as agriculture income to avoid paying taxes,
Jaitley said if someone misuses the provisions of income tax act, they are
probed by the Income Tax Department.

"Many prominent people" are said to be involved and are being probed, he said.
"Please don't say it is political victimisation if names come out after that
(probe)."

He however refused to share details, despite the Opposition members seeking the
names of such persons.

Agricultural income is exempt from income tax.

Charging Jaitley with misleading the House, Digvijaya Singh (Cong) asked the
Finance Minister to reveal the names and "not threaten us."

Jaitley said there was no proposal before the government to levy income tax on
farm income in view of the agricultural situation in the country.

Earlier raising the issue, Sharad Yadav (JD-U) said reports suggested that Rs
2000 lakh crore of income has been concealed as agriculture earnings and sought
an explanation from the government on the issue.

Mayawati (BSP) demanded a high-level probe into generation of blackmoney in the
name of agriculture and strict action be taken against guilty.

She also used the occasion to slip in a demand for Bharat Ratna for her party
founder Kanshi Ram on his birth anniversary on Tuesday.

Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) saw a conspiracy of taxing agriculture income in reports
that huge blackmoney was being hidden as agricultural income. He warned the
government against taxing farm income.

Unsatisfied by Jaitley's reply, members were up on their feet continuing to
raise the matter.

Deputy Chairman P J Kurien said Yadav's notice under rule 267 seeking suspension
of business to take up the issue, has not been accepted.

"An important matter was raised by Sharad Yadav. Finance Minister has given a
proper reply. If you want further discussion, give notice. That notice will be
considered," he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Express Tribune

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Faltering attempts: Loopholes mar govt tax-collection efforts

BYLINE:  Shahbaz Rana

LENGTH: 473  words


The government's efforts to broaden the tax base and bring in more people into
the tax net is off to a bad start, with the vast majority not filing returns and
the few who do are claiming exempt status on grounds that their income is
derived from agriculture or remittances.

Of the 300,708 people who have thus far been served tax notices, only 37,000 (or
about 12.4%) have submitted tax returns, of which about 60% claim that their
income is from tax exempt sources such as agriculture or remittances, said
Salman Siddique, chairman of the Federal Board of Revenue.

The government has begun a drive to add more people into the income tax net by
identifying 700,000 potential high income individuals who do not file their tax
returns. In a population of around 180 million, only about two million people
are registered active income taxpayers.

Of the 60%, about 54% have declared agriculture as their source of income while
6% declared remittances as the source of their income.

"To cross check, the federal government has decided to share with the provinces
the details of those respondents who have claimed that their source of income is
agriculture," said Siddique.

The remaining 40% paid a paltry amount of a combined Rs453 million, said the FBR
chairman. Last year, 26,708 individuals paid Rs356 million in income tax while
another 10,181 persons deposited a mere Rs97 million during the first five
months of the current fiscal year, he added.

Nonetheless, Siddique claimed progress on the audit front, stating that the
withholding tax audit has already been initiated and that the government expects
to collect around Rs14 billion in December, out of the Rs27 billion it generated
in demands. Of the taxes currently subject to litigation, the FBR expects to
collect Rs1.2 billion this month.

As the government attempts to meet the Rs1,952 billion tax collection target -
which Siddique says is still achievable - the authorities are also planning to
close several loopholes.

One of the biggest problems is the adjustments people claim on their sales tax
returns, which are currently collected on a value-added basis but do not require
any identification of the counter-party against whose taxes the person is
claiming an exemption. "To plug the loophole, from January no input adjustment
would be given without disclosing the computerised national identity card number
by the claimant," Siddique said.

Another loophole to be closed is the domestic sales of export-oriented
companies, which will be subject to a 5% flat sales tax. The government
abandoned an earlier effort to do so after coming under pressure from the
commercial importers lobby, which seems to have at least partially gotten its
way even with the new efforts. Siddique said number of taxed items has been
brought down to 127 from 197 after "consultation with stakeholders."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 4, 1999 Thursday
                                National Edition

Grits plan $190-million in new aid for farmers  Amount still less than premiers'
request

BYLINE: MARK MacKINNON Parliamentary Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 496 words

DATELINE: Ottawa


Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief is expected to announce more federal aid for
farmers today, even as he continues to contest the scope of the Prairie farm-
income crisis.

After the changes, more farmers -- particularly the worst off -- will qualify
for aid, Mr. Vanclief said. The minister is also believed to be considering a
transitional fund for farmers who decide to leave the land and switch careers.

Leaked Finance Department estimates suggest that $190-million in new money has
been set aside for the Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance program
established last year. Ottawa now contributes $900-million annually to AIDA,
with the provinces kicking in another $600-million.

Mr. Vanclief refused to put a price on the changes yesterday, but made it clear
the money will fall far short of the $1.3-billion the premiers of Saskatchewan
and Manitoba want.

Last week, Saskatchewan Premier Roy Romanow and Manitoba Premier Gary Doer led a
delegation to Ottawa in an attempt to persuade Prime Minister Jean Chrétien to
come up with more money.

At the meeting, Mr. Chrétien referred to figures showing that the farm crisis --
which the premiers described as the worst since the Great Depression of the
1930s -- isn't really that bad. The figures, which were produced by Agriculture
Canada, have since been called "phantom figures" by Saskatchewan's Agriculture
Minister.

"Well, their officials were part of putting the numbers together, so they need
to discuss that with their own officials," Mr. Vanclief said. Although grain and
hog prices are still low, he said, strong yields this year have helped many
farmers.

The AIDA program, he said, was intended to be a bailout, not a long-term
solution for struggling farmers. He said the department is processing 1,500 aid
applications a week from farmers, most of them in Western Canada.

The federal government's numbers show that Manitoba's realized net farm income
for 1999 is now expected to be $197-million, three times higher than July's
estimate of $64-million. Saskatchewan's income forecast has apparently improved
dramatically over July's numbers, rising to $362-million from a net loss of
$48-million.

Don Dewar, president of Keystone Agricultural Producers, a Manitoba farm group,
said he fears the revised federal figures are based on overly optimistic
projections of grain yields that didn't materialize.

New Democratic Party Leader Alexa McDonough said the problem is that the Prime
Minister has yet to go out and visit farmers and speak to them directly. She
said the Liberal government has cut billions of dollars from farm-support
programs since 1993, and should restore some of that with the $1.3-billion the
premiers want.

"They're not prepared to put back into the farm economies anywhere close to what
they've sucked out of the agricultural-support programs," she said.

The government's handling of the crisis was the subject of a heated debate at
yesterday's meeting of the national Liberal caucus, a Liberal MP said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1999 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           FICCI Studies and Surveys

                                  May 29, 2014

Improving the Productivity of Pulses through Public Private Partnership:
Improving The Productivity Of Pulses Through Public Private Partnership Public
Private Partnership for Integrated Agriculture Development (PPPIAD)

LENGTH: 533  words


Agriculture and allied activites is an important sector for the Indian economy.
It supports more than 50 per cent of the country's population and accounts for
13.7% of gross domestic product (GDP) at constant prices (2012-13). India ranks
first in the world when it comes to production of milk and pulses, second in
rice, wheat, sugarcane, groundnut, fruits and vegetables and cotton production.
It is also a leading producer of spices and plantation crops as well as
livestock, fisheries and poultry.



A number of private sector companies are active in the field of agriculture and
agri-business, directly engaging with the farmers and improving their farm
incomes. While most of these initiatives are quite successful, they are limited
to specific geographical regions, crops and limited number of farmers. On the
other hand, the government has increased funding to farmers through variety of
schemes/subsidies for improving productivity/market linkages, etc.
Unfortunately, the outcomes do not commensurate with the quantum of government
spending, mainly due to the limited extension capabilities leading to gaps in
execution, delivery and results.

Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) has been working
on devising policies and suggestions that contribute to increasing farm income,
productivity and global competitiveness of Indian agriculture. Over the years,
through its long standing collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture,
Government of India, FICCI has worked to promote public-private partnerships in
various parts of the agriculture value chain including agri warehousing, farm
mechanisation, extension, secondary agriculture, risk management and
agri-marketing reforms.

FICCI was instrumental in developing a policy framework for public-private
partnership for integrated agriculture development (PPPIAD) jointly with the
Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India (GoI). The Ministry of Agriculture,
GoI issued the guidelines on August 14, 2012.

The main objective of the PPPIAD scheme is to facilitate large scale integrated
projects led by private sector players in the agriculture and allied sectors,
with a view to aggregating farmers, creating critical rural infrastructure,
introducing new technologies, adding value and integrating the agricultural
supply chain. The PPP model aims to reduce the transaction costs and enhance the
access to subsidies/schemes for farmers through a single facilitator i.e. the
company and motivate companies to build a profitable/self sustaining model for
improving the complete supply chain. The PPPIAD programme embodies the following
three main principles

* Combine operational efficiencies of the private sector and the investment by
the public sector;

* Quantifiable outputs with defined timelines and strategies; and

* Move away from business as usual approach replacing traditional methods of
farming by modern and scientific methods.

FICCI is engaging with the Small Farmers Agri-Business Consortium (SFAC) for
promoting the adoption of the guidelines. It is involved in increasing the
awareness amongst the private sector and various State Agriculture Departments
to implement projects under the PPPIAD framework.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 11, 2010 Monday

IFC Award to India's Jain Irrigation Highlights Development Benefits of
Sustainable Water Use

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 11 -- IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, honored India's Jain
Irrigation Systems Limited with the annual IFC Client Leadership Award, noting
the company's pioneering work to promote sustainable agriculture and raise
farmers' incomes through the efficient use of water, energy, and fertilizer.

At a ceremony in Washington, D.C., during Annual Meetings of the International
Monetary Fund and the World Bank, IFC Executive Vice President and CEO Lars
Thunell presented the award to Jain Managing Director Anil Jain. The award
recognizes IFC clients that share IFC's commitment to socially and
environmentally sustainable development and demonstrate innovation, operational
excellence, and strong corporate governance.

"We in Jain feel deeply honored," Anil Jain said. "The IFC Client Leadership
Award recognizes our groundbreaking efforts in increasing agriculture
productivity for small farmers and our vision of 'leave this world better than
you found it.' IFC's partnership as an investor and advisor is helping us
sustain our efforts to broaden this endeavor across a large spectrum of small
holders to enhance their incomes and to mitigate the environmental impact of
agriculture."

Jain introduced drip irrigation to India's agriculture and has grown to become
the world's second-largest player in the micro-irrigation industry. The use of
Jain's drip-irrigation technology has resulted in water savings equal to the
annual water consumption of more than 10 million households. In addition, it has
tailored its business model to include the poor-creating a supply chain of
25,000 small farmers, 90 percent of whom work with less than one hectare of
land. The use of drip irrigation has also led to efficiency gains that have
raised annual incomes for small farmers by up to $1,000.

Thunell said: "Jain Irrigation Systems is a global competitor whose inclusive
business model has helped raise incomes for thousands of small farmers, and
developed innovative technologies that address the challenges of water
conservation and sustainable agriculture. We are proud to be a partner to Jain
in this work."

Food production is the leading contributor to water scarcity, and it is most
affected by scarcity. Agriculture accounts for 70 percent of fresh-water usage
around the world. Finding ways to reduce the water footprint of food production
is central to addressing water scarcity. Drip irrigation is part of a
solution-its application leads to reductions of more than over 40 percent in
water use, compared with traditional flood irrigation Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFS&R), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being made to improve farm
level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for well-thought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household livelihood. Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas
like livestock, horticulture, and fisheries as well as non-farm sector would
benefit and this would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and
generate raw material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFS&R), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being made to improve farm
level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for well-thought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household livelihood. Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas
like livestock, horticulture, and fisheries as well as non-farm sector would
benefit and this would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and
generate raw material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Govt developing linkages between farm and Industry: Bosan

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFS&R), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan said Friday that concerted efforts were being made to improve farm
level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and Industry.

While addressing at "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015 in
Islamabad, the minister said they are committed to increase the existing
productivity to ensure better returns to farmers.

He said that the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory
growth to ensure food security of country's growing population, however added
that the major challenges faced have been low returns to the farmers for their
commodities because of higher costs of production.

"So this calls for well-thought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages," the
minister remarked. He said that government was focusing to develop mechanisms
for minimizing cost of production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture
and livestock.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring the new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household livelihood. Under the Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, the areas
like livestock, horticulture, and fisheries as well as non-farm sector would
benefit and this would result in overall economic betterment of rural masses and
generate raw material for our growing food industries, he observed.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC)
Dr. Iftikhar Ahmad said that investment in agriculture sector would definitely
reduce poverty from the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by 5% percent, the income in
urban areas automatically goes up by 8% percent. So there is need that proper
attention is given towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
the livestock to rid the country of the menace of poverty.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of agriculture sector. He said that US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

US envoy emphasises private sector role in agri sector uplift

LENGTH: 321 words

DATELINE: Staff Report LAHORE


Staff Report

LAHORE, April 5 -- At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, US Ambassador
Richard Olson emphasised the private sector's crucial role in expanding
Pakistan's agricultural markets.

He celebrated more than 50 years of US-Pakistan cooperation in the agriculture
sector-a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of the 1950s and
more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the last three
years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government.

These efforts are focused on creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes and
improving Pakistan's food security.

Olson emphasised that the private sector should be involved for development
assistance to be effective.

"The challenge for Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development
ultimately depends on private sector initiatives to take these programmes and
transfer them into viable commercial enterprises."

Since 2009 the US government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo the US for International Development, the US Foreign Commercial Service
and the US Department of Agriculture highlighted many of these agricultural
initiatives.

Through other US-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have received
training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40 percent by upgrading their
farming practices and increasing agricultural product sales. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                      August 8, 2014 Friday 11:54 AM  EST

SCHEMES AND PROGRAMMES FOR BENEFIT OF SMALL AND MARGINAL FARMERS

LENGTH: 661  words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 8 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Government restructured the ongoing scheme and following centrally sponsored
Mission/Schemes are under implementation from 1.4.2014:

(i) National Food Security Mission (NFSM)

(ii) National Horticulture Mission

(iii) National Mission on Oilseeds & Oil Palm

(iv) National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture (NMSA) including Micro
Irrigation

(v) National Mission on Agricultural Extension & Technology

(vi) Integrated Scheme for Farmers Income Security

(vii) Integrated Scheme on Agri. Census & Statistics

(viii) Integrated Scheme on Agriculture Marketing

(ix) Integrated Scheme on Agriculture Cooperation

(x) Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana

All these Missions/Schemes are primarily for development of small and marginal
farmers.

Government has fixed a target of Rs.8,00,000 crore for agricultural credit for
the year 2014-15.

Agricultural credit is made available to farmers at an effective rate of 4%.
This involves interest subvention of 3% for timely repayment on the concessional
interest rate of 7% applicable for agriculture sector. Further, extension of 3%
interest subvention scheme is also available to small and marginal farmers
having Kisan Credit Cards for a further period of six months.

Small and marginal farmers are encouraged to organize themselves into registered
Self-help Groups, Cooperatives, Farmer Producer Organizations (FPOs) etc. to
derive benefit of economies of scale in farming operations. Such groups are
provided credit for agricultural activities as joint liability groups.

Agriculture sector registered an average growth rate of 4.1% during the 11th
Plan period as compared to 2.5% and 2.4% during 9th & 10th Plan respectively. A
target of 4% growth in Agriculture has been envisaged during 12th Plan period.
During the year 2013-14, agriculture sector registered a growth rate of 4.7%.

Keeping in view the marketing problems of farmers, the existing Policy for
Marketing of Agricultural Produce provides for direct marketing by farmers for
getting remunerative price for their produce. State Governments have also been
advised to amend their Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Act on
the lines of Model APMC Act 2003 for eliminating the middlemen and facilitating
farmers to sell their agricultural produce directly to bulk-buyers, processors,
exporters, bulk-retailers, etc. at remunerative price.

The price support policy for farmers, under the regime of Minimum Support Price
(MSP) is recommended by Commission for Agricultural Costs & Prices (CACP) seeks
to achieve the objective of assuring fair and remunerative prices to the
farmers, annually.

Government has introduced various initiatives for the development of agriculture
and allied sectors. The focus of Government is primarily to increase farm
income, creation of non-farm income opportunities, improvement in productivity
of rainfed agriculture, increasing coverage of farming areas under protective
irrigation and establishing appropriate backward and forward linkages.

Soil assessment based crop planning is being introduced. National Adaptation
Fund is being set up to take care of vagaries of climate change and to develop
climate resilient agriculture. Government has decided to provide institutional
finance to joint farming groups of "Bhoomi Heen Kisan" through NABARD. Marketing
reforms, development of scientific warehousing infrastructure including cold
storages and cold-chains in the country, development of indigenous cattle breeds
and promoting inland fisheries and other non-farm activities to supplement the
income of farmers are some of the steps being taken by the Government.

This information was given today by Minister of State for Agriculture and Food
Processing Industries, Dr. Sanjeev Kumar Balyan in a written reply to a Rajya
Sabha question. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 3, 2001, Saturday

TOTAL FARM INCOMES FALL 25% IN 2000

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 569 words


REVISED estimates of Total Income From Farming (TIFF) in the United Kingdom
indicate a fall of 25 per cent in 2000.

TIFF represents business profits plus income to farmers, partners and directors
and those with an entrepreneurial interest in the businesses.

In real terms, TIFF is forecast to have fallen by 69 per cent since its peak in
1995.

The fall is largely due to the pressure on prices for agricultural outputs
caused by a further rise in sterling against the euro (compared to 1999).

Prices have fallen particularly for milk and cereals and also, because of
domestic market conditions, for potatoes.

Increased costs for fuel and fertilisers have contributed to the fall in
incomes.

These revised estimates differ slightly from the forecast published in November,
owing to the incorporation of further information.

Commenting on the revised estimates, Agriculture Minister, Nick Brown, said:
"These figures confirm a further significant fall in farm incomes in 2000. This
illustrates the severe difficulties faced by the agriculture industry as a
result of the dramatic fall in farm incomes over recent years. The 2000 figures
reflect the continuing strength of the pound as well as other factors. However,
it is encouraging to note that Net Farm Income for pig and poultry farms
improved in 2000/01 after two years of losses.

"As I said in November, the Government does understand the gravity of the
situation and is committed to ensuring that the agriculture industry emerges
stronger from this crisis. In partnership with the farming, food and retail
industries we have made significant progress over the past year in delivering
the Government's long -term strategy for agriculture:

l The Action Plan for Farming was launched by the Prime Minister last March. Now
backed by pounds 500 million for the next four years, the plan provides
short-term financial relief and longer-term support to help farmers find new and
better ways to make their businesses more resilient, efficient and responsive.
Good progress has been made in the delivery of the Action Plan and many of the
measures have now been implemented. Most recent highlights include:

- securing pounds 66 million of agrimonetary compensation for the dairy, beef
and sheep sectors, of which over pounds 52 million has now been paid out. In
addition, in November 2000 I announced a further pounds 34 million for the
arable sector;

- launching of both ongoers and outgoers elements of the Pig Industry
Restructuring Scheme; and,

- publication of the Better Regulation Task Force's report 'Environmental
Regulations and Farmers'.

"In November I announced three new Government/Industry Task Forces to tackle key
issues of concern - inputs to UK farming, the dairy supply chain and hill
farming in England. In December, chairmen and members of these Task Forces were
appointed and all three groups are on course to make recommendations by the end
of March. Implementation of the England Rural Development Programme, launched in
October last year, is well underway, injecting pounds 1.6 billion into the rural
economy over the next seven years. Following the severe flooding which affected
farmers in parts of the country during autumn 2000, I have been working to
secure the European Commission's agreement to greater flexibility in dealing
with applications under the Arable Area Payments Scheme."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nick Brown

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2001 Century Newspapers Limited


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                October 15, 2013

Ezekwesili Lauds Development in Agriculture

LENGTH: 289 words


Former Vice-President of the World Bank, Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili, on Friday
lauded the Federal Government's emphasis on agricultural development in the
country.

Ezekwesili told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos that the focus on
agricultural development was doing a lot to empower farmers across the country.

She added that the current emphasis had redirected the focus of more than 60 per
cent of the population into agriculture and related businesses.

"I think the emphasis that government is giving to agriculture and agribusiness
is very good. I applaud them (officials) for the emphasis on agriculture,
agribusiness and enhancing productivity.

"Because, frankly, already we have more than 60 per cent of our citizens in
agriculture.

"So, if you want to tackle poverty, go to the sector where the people who are
mostly poor are operating, and it's in agriculture.

"So, you go to that informal sector of agriculture, you provide them with the
kind of tools and the kinds of facilities, the extension services, the links to
the market, the seeds and inputs, the access to credit.

"The better business environment, all of these add together to improve their
productivity, and therefore, will improve their income.

"Because when you enhance the income of the farmers, what it means is that they
have more money that they can spend even in offering education to their
children.

"So that circle of activities is so important for taking the entire society out
of poverty.

"You don't lift people out of poverty; you give people what they need in order
to lift themselves out of poverty."

She also urged the government at all levels to make more efforts to boost
agricultural development in the country in order to reduce the rate of poverty.
(NAN)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                October 12, 2013

Ezekwesili Lauds Development in Agriculture

LENGTH: 284 words

DATELINE: Lagos


Former Vice-President of the World Bank, Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili, on Friday
lauded the Federal Government's emphasis on agricultural development in the
country.

Ezekwesili in Lagos said that the focus on agricultural development was doing a
lot to empower farmers across the country.

She added that the current emphasis had redirected the focus of more than 60 per
cent of the population into agriculture and related businesses.

"I think the emphasis that government is giving to agriculture and agribusiness
is very good. I applaud them (officials) for the emphasis on agriculture,
agribusiness and enhancing productivity.

"Because, frankly, already we have more than 60 per cent of our citizens in
agriculture.

"So, if you want to tackle poverty, go to the sector where the people who are
mostly poor are operating, and it's in agriculture.

"So, you go to that informal sector of agriculture, you provide them with the
kind of tools and the kinds of facilities, the extension services, the links to
the market, the seeds and inputs, the access to credit.

"The better business environment, all of these add together to improve their
productivity, and therefore, will improve their income.

"Because when you enhance the income of the farmers, what it means is that they
have more money that they can spend even in offering education to their
children.

"So that circle of activities is so important for taking the entire society out
of poverty.

"You don't lift people out of poverty; you give people what they need in order
to lift themselves out of poverty."

She also urged the government at all levels to make more efforts to boost
agricultural development in the country in order to reduce the rate of poverty.
(NAN)

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Olson emphasises private sector role in modernizing Pak farm markets

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 94

LENGTH: 295  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson,
Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's
agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Olson emphasises private sector role in modernizing Pak farm markets

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 94

LENGTH: 295  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson,
Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's
agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           January 26, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Easter studying farm income problem

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Farming; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 699  words


To its credit, the federal government is taking a serious look at declining farm
income levels. The task has fallen to Wayne Easter, the parliamentary secretary
to Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell.

Parliamentary secretaries are usually obscure. In the case of Easter, a former
president of the National Farmers Union, he's highly visible and well regarded.
Mitchell and Easter seem to be taking a tag-team approach to the broad portfolio
of agriculture.

These are familiar issues for Easter. The Prince Edward Island farmer is well
equipped to quantify the problem and propose potential solutions. He should be
much better versed on most issues than Mitchell, a former banker.

Easter is on the left side of the political spectrum. His views are probably
more in line with the NDP than the Liberals. But extreme views tend to be
moderated by the reality of being a part of government.

Easter is trying to stay out of the never-ending debate on farm safety nets.
There are other forums for arguing about increased government assistance and
better designs for programs like CAIS (Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization).

Despite increasing government assistance in recent years, farm income levels are
in the tank. The realized net farm income for 2003 was a negative number
nationally. That's never happened before.

Easter is focusing on the declining share of the consumer food dollar that's
ending up in the pockets of producers. Increasingly, farmers seem to lack power
in the marketplace. Even though agricultural exports have steadily increased,
farm incomes have steadily dropped.

Some are questioning the value of export-oriented policies. However, it's hard
to see how fewer exports would be a good thing for producers.

So, after Easter's investigation, what are the resulting observations and
recommendations likely to be?

Easter will probably recommend, as have others before him, that the Pest
Management Regulatory Agency (PMRA) needs to be streamlined and accountable so
that Canadian farmers have access to the same crop protection products as
farmers in competing nations.

Harmonization of product registrations has long been discussed, but other
countries still have access to less expensive, more effective products than
Canada. It shouldn't have to be that way.

Easter will also hear and subsequently report that producers need to have
influence further along the value chain. There are usually profits to be made
somewhere between the producer and the consumer. Participating in the value
chain is an important step to improve farm returns.

Concentration in many facets of agriculture has reduced competition and left
farmers with few marketing options.

One benefit of the BSE crisis is the realization by beef producers that they
need to take more control of their industry. Some initiatives will fail, but
others look promising.

Before he became a Liberal MP, Easter would probably have advocated the strong
arm of government as a way to give farmers more control in the marketplace.
After all, that's the model in supply managed agriculture and there's little
doubt that dairy and poultry farmers have enjoyed more stable income levels. In
fact, this is the type of advice coming from Easter's friends in the National
Farmers Union.

However, Easter will likely resist the temptation for government-imposed
solutions. Outside of supply management, even if a lot of producers are losing
their shirts, there's little support for government interference in the
marketplace.

The most likely result will be recommendations to encourage and support farmer
investment and involvement beyond the farm gate, while also cutting farm input
costs wherever possible.

Another important piece in the puzzle is identity preservation and product
tracing. There are high-value markets that offer farmers improved returns, but
they require specific products and assurances of quality and safety.

Hopefully, Easter's report will also contain some surprises and innovative
thinking as well as a tangible action plan. No one should expect quick and easy
solutions, but his report is being eagerly anticipated.

- Kevin Hursh is a Saskatchewan farmer and consulting agrologist. He can be
reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

Rural China likely to see subsidy rises

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 312 words


China is likely to increase agricultural subsidies as it tries to better balance
urban and rural incomes.

A recent report from Rabobank, titled "New Chinese Agricultural Policy", said
Chinese agriculture had grown tremendously over the past 35 years and policy
adjustments would address the balance of the pace of urban and rural
development.

"Agriculture has been the backbone of the Chinese economy for thousands of
years," Rabobank analyst Chenjun Pan said.

"The pressures associated with feeding a population of 1.3 billion has meant
that the domestic agricultural industry is strategically important to national
food security."

As a result, farmers' incomes were expected to grow faster than ever before, he
predicted.

He said policy-backed growth in the industrial sector from the late 1970s had
diverted resources away from agriculture, widening the economic gap between the
country's urban and rural areas.

His report said incomes in urban China were three times as high as in rural
areas and narrowing the gap had become a top priority.

In response, the Government planned to increase agricultural subsidies, thereby
boosting farmers' disposable incomes and subsequently demand for protein-based
products in rural areas.

He said China's current agricultural system was based on small-scale production,
but bigger farms were a better option.

"Increasing the average scale of household farms to a level at which modern
agricultural practices can be adopted will be key," the report said.

Because of the Government's framework for the regulation of land-use rights
transfer, areas of land could now be planted collectively, greatly facilitating
mechanisation and enhancing efficiency and productivity, he said.

"New types of farming organisations, such as co-operatives, family farms and
specialised large farms, have emerged since land-use rights transfer has become
possible."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                                 June 16, 1992

Union chief wants impact on Scots farm incomes assessed

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 313 words


THE Department of Agriculture were told yesterday that they must make an urgent
assessment of the impact on Scottish farm incomes of both the Common
Agricultural Policy reforms and the current Gatt proposals.

The demand was made by Scottish National Farmers' Union president John Ross when
he, and NFU chief executive Scott Johnston, met Scots Minister of Agriculture
Sir Hector Monro in Edinburgh.

Mr Ross said afterwards: "Despite last month's reform agreement -- widely
welcomed by Scottish farmers for its rejection of the discrimination principle
--there is still a lot of uncertainty in the industry.

"In the short-term, vital details to implement the reform package have still to
be agreed. And, in the longer term, a Gatt agreement could have profound effects
on the incomes and prospects of Scottish farming.

"The effect of these developments on farming and on Scotland's rural economy
must be constantly monitored, and we shall be keeping in touch with the
Agriculture Department in the months ahead.

"We shall also keep closely in touch with a view to maintaining a regular flow
of clear and authoritative information to our members, for CAP reform and Gatt
both raise new and complex issues for farmers to take into account in running
their businesses.

"Beyond that, we pressed Sir Hector to ensure that the Scottish Office would
commit itself to maintain a comprehensive annual statistical stock-taking
exercise on the industry -- despite the Government's intention, announced in the
Queen's Speech, to end the legal requirement to hold an annual review."

Also discussed was Government's intention to introduce legislation for the
abolition of the milk marketing schemes. Mr Ross called for Government support
to uphold the milk boards' statutory rules until the changes agreed by
Scotland's milk producers could be introduced.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1992 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Pakistan: Olson for private sector role in modernizing Pak agri sector

LENGTH: 329 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, April 6 -- At the 2nd annual Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador Richard
Olson emphasized the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's
agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Ireland's voting allies not as clear as they once used to be

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 645 words


In crude terms, the common financing of the CAP was originally put in place to
ensure a net transfer to France as a quid pro quo for opening its market to
German industrial products, says CAP expert Alan Matthews.

But he questions if France will continue to defend the CAP so strongly in the
future, because it has become a net contributor to the agriculture policy, after
decades of being a net beneficiary.

Several times during the complete reshaping of the Common Agricultural Policy
since 1992, French Prime Ministers played starring roles in summits which were
needed to get reform over the line.

Then, they were on the same side as Ireland, insofar as both countries were net
beneficiaries from the EU s agriculture policy.

Generally, what was good for France was good for Ireland, from the MacSharry
reform in 1992 through to the Franz Fischler and Mariann Fischer Boel eras.

In his latest analysis for the capreform.eu blog, Alan Matthews, Professor
Emeritus of European Agricultural Policy in the Department of Economics in
Trinity College, reveals that it is no longer straightforward for an Irish
Agriculture Minister to find allies around the negotiating table, when momentous
decisions for Irish farmers are being made.

He goes back to 2008, for example, when Denmark (home country of former
Commmissioner Mariann Fischer Boel), Austria (home country of former
Commmissioner Fischler) and France were still net winners in the share-out of
CAP funds.

The other EU-15 member states with net gains then were Greece (the biggest
beneficiary of all), Ireland, Portugal, and Spain.

On the other side, putting in more money to EU agriculture than they were
getting out were (in the order of their financial burden relative to their
national income) Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Germany, Italy,
the UK, and Finland.

Ireland therefore had a common cause with Denmark, Austria, France, Greece,
Portugal, and Spain, to continue as net winners in EU agriculture subsidisation.

Fast forward six years to 2014, and it becomes harder to see voting alliances in
big upcoming negotiations, which could include a CAP mid-term review in 2017.

In 2014, France and Austria have gone over to the CAP losers  side. Denmark was
only barely on the credit side.

The burden of paying in more than they get out of the CAP has been evened out
better, but the Netherlands is still a big contributor, compared to national
income.

From 2008 to 2014, Ireland s net gain compared to national income has fallen
from nearly 0.6% to about 0.3%.

In these more recessionary times, with several member states in precarious
financial positions, many agriculture ministers in the next big CAP negotiations
will be under strict instructions from their prime ministers not to worsen their
net position as a CAP expenditure contributor or beneficiary.

Countries are more likely to defend a high level of CAP expenditure if they are
likely to benefit from it.

In this camp are Bulgaria (now the biggest beneficiary, relative to national
income), Hungary, Lithuania, Greece, Romania, Poland, Estonia, Portugal, the
Czech Republic, Latvia, Ireland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Cyprus and Denmark.

There s a lot of money at stake.

In 2014, the amount of CAP expenditure redistributed or reallocated between
member states was  13.6 billion.

Although 12 member states were net contributors, 43% of the net contribution was
paid by Germany alone (only about 0.2% of German national income), with
significant amounts paid by the Netherlands, the UK and Italy.

France was a net contributor despite being the single largest beneficiary.

Before the next negotiations, you can expect the Irish Agriculture Minister
tospend less time in Paris, instead clocking up a lot of air miles to Budapest,
Vilnius, Athens, Bucharest, Warsaw, Tallinn, Lisbon, Prague, Riga, Bratislava,
Ljubljana, and Madrid, seeking new alliances.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 11, 2001 Tuesday Five Star Lift Edition

SUBSIDIES HELP THE RICH GET RICHER

BYLINE: Susanne Fleek, And Elizabeth Moore

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Commentary Column; Pg. C15

LENGTH: 530 words


Over the past five years, Missouri taxpayers have contributed heavily to crop
subsidy payment programs flowing to the largest growers of just seven crops:
wheat, corn, sorghum, rice, barley, oats and cotton. Moreover, the programs have
been widely exposed in dozens of investigative news stories as wasteful because
they bypass most U.S. farmers. They also steer payments largely into the hands
of the largest operators -- who then use the money to buy up smaller,
neighboring operators.

Although policymakers support these wasteful programs as the best way to "save
family farms," analysis by the Environmental Working Group shows they are having
the opposite effect.

In fact, federal farm subsidies have skyrocketed in the past several years.
Congress says that the subsidy programs are necessary to save small family farms
-- but most of the money goes to the biggest of the big farms, not to the small
and medium-sized farmers who need it the most. That is according to a new,
searchable database of 70 million USDA subsidy records at www.ewg.org that shows
every check written to every farmer in the past five years.

What money is reaching Missouri is heavily skewed to those least in need.
Between 1996 and 2000, the top 10 percent of recipients in Missouri received
more than 64 percent of federal farm subsidies flowing into the state, with an
average payment of more than $39,000 per recipient. In contrast, the bottom 90
percent of recipients in Missouri received 38 percent of subsidies, with an
average payment of a little over $1,000.

In addition, USDA reports show that 47 percent of payments go to large
commercial farms with an average household income of $135,000.

At the same time, the state's considerable -- and growing -- farmland
conservation needs have gone chronically under-funded. There is a $60 million
backlog of unfilled applications from tens of thousands of Missouri farmers who
want to implement conservation practices on their land, but have been turned
away because of a shortage in funding.

Under the conservation programs, it matters what is done to the land, rather
than which crops are grown, and payments are less dependent on the size of the
farm. The more a farmer does to slow sprawl and cut farm-field runoff into
drinking water supplies, for example, the more he is eligible to get.

Farm assistance is vital for agriculture and rural America. We need robust
programs to support farmers' incomes while helping them protect natural
resources and the environment.

Current policy has badly failed almost everyone in agriculture but the very
largest producers of a few favored crops. Most farmers and ranchers -- indeed,
entire regions of the country -- receive little or no assistance.

Five years after the last farm bill, the indictment of the status quo could not
be clearer, with farm prices and income down dramatically, greater concentration
of lands and wealth and increased bankruptcies. Farm policy needs to be
overhauled, not just tinkered with at the edges. Congress should use the $170
billion available for this farm bill to help more farmers in more states while
improving our environment.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: COMMENTARY; Susanne Fleek is director of government relations and
Elizabeth Moore is deputy director of communications at the Environmental
Working Group, Washington.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              April 7, 2013 Sunday

Pakistan: Olson emphasises private sector role in modernizing Pak farm markets

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, April 7 -- At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador
Richard Olson, Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in
expanding Pakistan's agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

Do not depend only on farming: PM Narendra Modi to farmers

BYLINE: Vishwa Mohan

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 429 words


NEW DELHI: The Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday appealed the farmers to
not depend "only on farming" but to take up other activities simultaneously to
increase their income and save themselves from the natural disaster
situation.Modi, while inaugurating the three-day 'Krishi Unnati Mela' (
agriculture development fair) here at the Indian Agriculture Research
Institute's Pusa campus, suggested the farmers to adopt three-pronged approach
towards farming to insulate themselves from crop losses and called it a "three
pillars" support system. "At present, farmers follow one pillar, that is farming
alone. When this pillar falls down due to unseasonal rains and hailstorm, their
survival is affected.

So, it is important to have our farming based on three pillars," he said.The
three pillars advised by Prime Minister are - one: to continue regular farming;
second: to grow timber on the left-over land; and third: to adopt animal
husbandry, poultry and bee keeping among other activities simultaneously."If we
base our farming activities on these three pillars, then farmers will have ways
to insulate themselves from losses due to natural calamities. Farmers will
always have other sources of income to fall back upon during crisis. And their
income will also rise," Modi said.He noted that the country has to import timber
at present and if the farmers take up the plantation for timber, it would be a
great income-generating activity for them. The Prime Minister, on the occasion,
gave away the 'Krishi Karman' awards for 2014-15 to states and farmers for their
outstanding performance in agriculture. He also launched a mobile application -
Kisan Suvidha - for farmers. This App will provide information to farmers on
weather, market prices, seeds, fertilisers, pesticides and agriculture
machinery.Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh also spoke on the
occasion and shared with farmers what all his ministry has been doing to improve
the condition of farmers and farming in the country. Chief ministers of
Rajasthan, Haryana, Chhattisgarh, Meghalaya and several state agriculture
ministers and MLAs were present at the 'Krishi Unnati Mela', showcasing modern
farming technologies, high-yielding milch cattle and different varieties of
flowers, fruits and other horticultural produces. Earlier, the Prime Minister
visited the exhibition pavilions, and was given an overview of best practices
and techniques followed by various institutions and agriculture entrepreneurs,
latest agriculture equipment, and milch cattle.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    January 14, 1991, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

$3-BILLION FARM PROGRAM: But farmers fear income insurance plan's cost

BYLINE: Johanna Powell

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 387 words

DATELINE: Edmonton,Alta.


  A new income insurance program that could provide up to $3 billion in benefits
to Canadian farmers in the 1991-92 crop year will restore confidence and
stability to the farm sector, Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowski said Friday.

But some agricultural groups expressed concern that other programs will be cut
to pay for the new plan, which will be funded jointly by the federal and
provincial governments and producers.

''The thing I'm looking at is, what's the Alberta government going to do with
the programs that they have in place such as the farm fertilizer rebate
program?'' said Ken Rempel, a director of the Alberta Pork Producers Development
Corp.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley said the provincial cabinet has agreed
to participate in at least part of the program. But he said other provincial
farm support programs will need to be reviewed because the province is trying to
balance its budget.

''Ernie basically said he would be phasing those out,'' Rempel said.

Rempel also said the new program will cost producers more than existing crop
insurance, and part of the program will not be applied to producers who are not
already enrolled in crop insurance.

The new program has two basic parts. The gross revenue insurance plan or GRIP
will operate like crop insurance, offering income insurance. It will get 42%
input from the federal government, 33% from farmers, 25% from the provinces.
There will be an optional premium at slightly higher cost to farmers.

The other part of the program is the net income stabilization account or NISA.
This will act as a trust account to build up funds for periods of reduced
income.

All provinces, including Quebec, agreed to the programs in principle last fall
and most are in the process of taking the proposal before cabinet.

The income programs, developed over 13 months by a government-industry panel as
part of Mazankowski's review of the agrifood industry, will apply to crops now
covered by the Western Grain Stabilization Program such as wheat and barley.

In Eastern Canada, it will apply to corn, soybeans, canola, oats, barley and
winter and spring wheat.

Mazankowski said the program should be acceptable under the General Agreement on
Tariffs & Trade because it will be universally available.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                January 29, 2015

Farmers Urged to Embrace Commercial Agriculture

BYLINE: Peterson Tumwebaze

LENGTH: 339 words


Farmers in Kayonza and Ngoma districts have been urged to engage in commercial
agriculture to improve their livelihoods and ensure a sustainable source of
household income.

Gerardine Mukeshimana, the Minister for Agriculture and Animal Resources, who
was speaking at the launch of new farmer co-operatives in the region, said
commercial farming is key to increased agriculture output.

The co-operatives brought together over 1,000 farmers from Rwinkwavu, Murama and
Kabarondo in Kayonza District and Remera and Kibungo in Ngoma District under the
Rural Sector Support Project (RSSP), a project that supports co-operatives.

"You have acquired appropriate skills that will help you manage your land
better; use the skills to increase productivity and, eventually, earnings,"
Mukeshimana said.

The minister assured the farmers under the project of a ready market, access to
affordable credit, as well as technical assistance, especially on sustainable
agriculture practices.

Telesphore Kagwisage, the president of Kora Imyuga Ukire Co-operative, said the
project gives co-operatives an opportunity to lay strong strategies that could
enhance production, and reduce poverty among members.

Jean Jules Nsekarije, the president of Twidika Co-operative, noted that the
Rural Sector Support project had helped many residents come out of poverty as it
helps them access markets.

"Farmers have acquired right land management skills, especially using
comprehensive land husbandry technologies, that have helped us to get good
yields and higher incomes," he said.

Jolly Dusabe, the RSSP project co-ordinator, called on farmers to work hard and
enhance crop out to transform their lives.

He said farmers in the two districts have already registered an increase in crop
produce.

"The output of beans has risen from 0.3 tonnes per hectare to two tonnes per
hectare in the past few seasons, which has boosted farmers' income.

District leaders urged the participating farmers' co-operatives to adopt good
agro-practices as one of the ways to ensure improved harvests.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

AEOS offer new lifeline

SECTION:

LENGTH: 528 words


Farmers facing severe income cuts because of the lack of a national
agri-environment scheme have been thrown a lifeline with the news that a new
AEOS scheme could open for applications within three months.

Department of Agriculture secretary general Tom Moran has indicated that AEOS 3
could be open for applications by September.

Some 10,000 farmers have finished REPS in the past 12 months and currently have
no environmental scheme to enter. REPS accounted for almost 50pc of family farm
income for many of those farmers. Meanwhile, a further 30,000 farmers are due to
finish REPS 4 plans in the next two and a half years.

Speaking to the Oireachtas Committee on Communications, Natural Resources and
Agriculture on Thursday, Mr Moran said Minister for Agriculture Simon Coveney
was considering the possibility of re-opening AEOS "either on an amended basis
from the existing scheme and/or on a limited scale".

His comments follow on from a statement by Minister Coveney in the Dail that a
limited opening of the scheme was being considered.

The new scheme would be targeted at farmers working in SAC, Natura or commonage
areas, Minister Coveney said.

"He is looking, in particular, at the possibility of re-opening for applications
later in the year with a possible closing date for applications at the end of
September and a commencement date for new participants of January 2013," added
Mr Moran.

The secretary general warned that any decision on the new scheme would be
subject to a detailed expenditure review by the Department. Farm organisations
have reacted coolly to the news, insisting that AEOS 3 will be meaningless
unless it includes farmers outside SAC and commonage farmers.

ICSA president Gabriel Gilmartin described the Department's agri-environment
strategy as being "in disarray".

"While we welcome every effort to put in place an AEOS scheme for January 2013,
the truth is that AEOS is no longer fit for purpose," he said.

"It is neither a credible replacement for REPS nor an innovative way of
delivering substantial environmental benefit on a national scale."

However, Mr Gilmartin stressed that farmers who had to put up with the
inconvenience and income loss associated with designation needed support and
needed it fast.

IFA rural development chairman Flor McCarthy called for AEOS 3 to open even
sooner than September and insisted the scheme should include non-SAC and
commonage farmers.

income

"The AEOS scheme is a vital support scheme for farmers, particularly drystock
farmers," he said.

"The Teagasc National Farm Survey has clearly indicated over the last number of
years that farmers who are in REPS/AEOS have a higher income, as the payments
make a significant contribution to overall farm income."

A spokesman for the Department of Agriculture declined to comment on whether
AEOS 3 would include non-designated farmers or what the total budget might be.

Meanwhile, the majority of the 8,773 farmers in AEOS 1 have received their 2010
payments and almost 3,500 have been paid for 2011.

However, 636 farmers still have not been paid for 2010, mainly due to
digitisation problems and incomplete capital investment claims by the farmers.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 22, 2012 Tuesday

AEOS offer new lifeline

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 528 words


Farmers facing severe income cuts because of the lack of a national
agri-environment scheme have been thrown a lifeline with the news that a new
AEOS scheme could open for applications within three months.

Department of Agriculture secretary general Tom Moran has indicated that AEOS 3
could be open for applications by September.

Some 10,000 farmers have finished REPS in the past 12 months and currently have
no environmental scheme to enter. REPS accounted for almost 50pc of family farm
income for many of those farmers. Meanwhile, a further 30,000 farmers are due to
finish REPS 4 plans in the next two and a half years.

Speaking to the Oireachtas Committee on Communications, Natural Resources and
Agriculture on Thursday, Mr Moran said Minister for Agriculture Simon Coveney
was considering the possibility of re-opening AEOS "either on an amended basis
from the existing scheme and/or on a limited scale".

His comments follow on from a statement by Minister Coveney in the Dail that a
limited opening of the scheme was being considered.

The new scheme would be targeted at farmers working in SAC, Natura or commonage
areas, Minister Coveney said.

"He is looking, in particular, at the possibility of re-opening for applications
later in the year with a possible closing date for applications at the end of
September and a commencement date for new participants of January 2013," added
Mr Moran.

The secretary general warned that any decision on the new scheme would be
subject to a detailed expenditure review by the Department. Farm organisations
have reacted coolly to the news, insisting that AEOS 3 will be meaningless
unless it includes farmers outside SAC and commonage farmers.

ICSA president Gabriel Gilmartin described the Department's agri-environment
strategy as being "in disarray".

"While we welcome every effort to put in place an AEOS scheme for January 2013,
the truth is that AEOS is no longer fit for purpose," he said.

"It is neither a credible replacement for REPS nor an innovative way of
delivering substantial environmental benefit on a national scale."

However, Mr Gilmartin stressed that farmers who had to put up with the
inconvenience and income loss associated with designation needed support and
needed it fast.

IFA rural development chairman Flor McCarthy called for AEOS 3 to open even
sooner than September and insisted the scheme should include non-SAC and
commonage farmers.

income

"The AEOS scheme is a vital support scheme for farmers, particularly drystock
farmers," he said.

"The Teagasc National Farm Survey has clearly indicated over the last number of
years that farmers who are in REPS/AEOS have a higher income, as the payments
make a significant contribution to overall farm income."

A spokesman for the Department of Agriculture declined to comment on whether
AEOS 3 would include non-designated farmers or what the total budget might be.

Meanwhile, the majority of the 8,773 farmers in AEOS 1 have received their 2010
payments and almost 3,500 have been paid for 2011.

However, 636 farmers still have not been paid for 2010, mainly due to
digitisation problems and incomplete capital investment claims by the farmers.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         February 7, 1995, CITY EDITION

Farm incomes rose by 19% last year

SECTION: BUSINESS & FINANCE; NORTHERN BUSINESS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 103 words


FIGURES released by the Department of Agriculture show that farm incomes in
Northern Ireland rose by 19 per cent in real terms last year. It took the total
income from farming to its highest level for more than 20 years.

According to the figures, product prices have been generally high, although
Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) compensation payments have risen in the second
stage of implementation of the 1992 reform agreement.

Farmers have also benefited from modest increases in their costs and despite the
rise in interest rates towards the end of the year, from the low average cost of
borrowing.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1995 The Irish Times


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 2001 Virginia Environmental Law Journal
                                  Association
                       Virginia Environmental Law Journal

                                      2001

                             20 Va. Envtl. L.J. 169

LENGTH: 8988 words

20TH ANNIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE ISSUE: ESSAY THE EMERGING MERGER OF AGRICULTURAL
AND ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY: BUILDING A NEW VISION FOR THE FUTURE OF AMERICAN
AGRICULTURE

NAME: Michael R. Taylor*

BIO: * Senior Fellow and Director of the Center for Risk Management, Resources
for the Future ("RFF"), a non-profit, non-partisan research organization, based
in Washington, D.C., that addresses natural resource and environmental issues
from the perspective of economics and other social sciences. The author is
deeply grateful for the thorough research and insightful comments and
suggestions contributed by his RFF colleague Dr. Jerry Cayford and for the
helpful comments provided by others who reviewed drafts of the essay, including
Dr. Pierre Crosson, Dr. Sandy Hoffmann, Dr. Kate Clancy, Dr. Keith Collins, Dr.
Ralph Heimlich, and Mr. Eric Olsen. All opinions contained in the essay are,
however, solely the author's responsibility.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Market liberalization has become a central theme of agricultural policy,
challenging longstanding price support programs and direct income subsidies for
farmers; conservation and environmental issues have moved from the periphery to
the center of farm policy debates; and the public is paying increasing attention
to agriculture as controversies about biotechnology, the "industrialization" of
agriculture, and globalization spill over into the mass media.  ... The pressure
for change will certainly challenge American agriculture, but it also provides
the opportunity and impetus to formulate a new vision for agriculture - one that
respects and harnesses markets, conserves our natural resources, protects the
environment, and makes the United States a positive contributor to a successful
global food system.  ... The basic idea of these laws was to maintain farm
income and keep farms in business by insulating farmers from market risks,
principally in the form of low prices.  ... Similarly, beginning in the 1970s,
producers of certain commodities (most prominently corn, wheat, cotton and rice)
have had their incomes directly supported through a system of deficiency
payments, under which the government pays farmers the difference between the
price their crops receive in the market and a government set target price.  ...
For example, nitrogen run-off into streams and rivers (the result of heavy
fertilizer use to maintain yields on nitrogen-depleted soil) imposes economic
costs on society in the form of harm to aquatic species, water purification
costs, and potential human health impacts.  ... U.S. surpluses seek outlets in
world markets through export sales and food aid, which tends to depress global
prices for basic commodities and undercut incentives for investment in
agriculture elsewhere, including in developing countries.  ... From the
perspective of long-term reform in agricultural and environmental policy, the
important contribution of the Freedom to Farm Act is that, by decoupling income
support payments and planting decisions, it provides policymakers an opportunity
to devise policies that link government financial assistance for farmers to the
achievement of other goals, including the goal of environmental sustainability.

TEXT:
 [*170]

   I. Abstract

 Over the past twenty years, a virtual revolution has occurred in the public
policy environment surrounding American agriculture. Market liberalization has
become a central theme of agricultural policy, challenging longstanding price
support programs and direct income subsidies for farmers; conservation and
environmental issues have moved from the periphery to the center of farm policy
debates; and the public is paying increasing attention to agriculture as
controversies about biotechnology, the "industrialization" of agriculture, and
globalization spill over into the mass media. This revolution is just beginning.
Change will continue to be propelled by domestic political pressure and by the
persistent logic and momentum of the increasingly global food economy. The
pressure for change will certainly challenge American agriculture, but it also
provides the opportunity and impetus to formulate a new vision for agriculture -
one that respects and harnesses markets, conserves our natural resources,
protects the environment, and makes the United States a positive contributor to
a successful global food system. This essay argues that one element of such a
vision is likely to be the continued convergence of agricultural and
environmental policy. It describes the forces pushing in that direction and
identifies some of the critical questions that underlie the construction of a
new vision for American agriculture - one that merges the economic interests of
American farmers with the public interest in an environmentally and socially
sustainable agricultural system.

   II. Introduction

 Throughout history, no human enterprise has been more  [*171]  fundamentally
important to the survival and welfare of societies than agriculture. Without
successful agriculture, there is no civilization, no Industrial Revolution, and
no food on the table. That is why, for thousands of years, organized societies
all around the world have grappled with fundamental questions of "food
security." n1 Who controls the land and other productive resources? Is enough
food being produced, consistently over time? Is it of acceptable safety and
quality? Is food physically and economically accessible to all people?

   Beyond its role in meeting basic food needs, agriculture is one of human
society's most pervasive and consequential environmental interventions.
Agriculture harnesses the natural resources of soil, water, and seed to produce
food and fiber on a massive scale. Modern agriculture achieves this production
by inserting into the environment large quantities of fertilizer and pesticides,
consuming energy from largely non-renewable sources, and building dams,
irrigation systems, and other physical infrastructure. As environmental values
have become part of the mainstream public ethos, fundamental questions are being
asked about the impact of agriculture on the environment: is agriculture
imposing unacceptably high costs on the health and welfare of society through
its intensive use of fertilizer, chemical pest control agents, and energy? Are
we using the natural resources (land, soil, water, and energy) in a way that
jeopardizes the ability of future generations to produce the food they will
need? Are there alternative ways to produce the food we need? These questions
relate to what is now commonly called "agricultural sustainability." n2

   Because society depends on agriculture for a secure and sustainable food
supply, agriculture has been and will continue to be a legitimate subject of
public policy. In a world whose economic and social structures are changing so
rapidly, it is not surprising that society's relationship with agriculture is
changing.

   We are in the midst of a virtual revolution in agricultural policy.  [*172]
Government programs to support prices, manage production levels, and provide
direct income assistance to farmers are being challenged by calls for market
liberalization, with the government having already taken some initial, albeit
halting, steps to reduce such government interventions. Conservation and
environmental protection have, over the past 20 years, moved to the center of
farm policy debates. And the public's interest in food safety, pesticides and
biotechnology are putting production agriculture in the public policy spotlight
in entirely new ways.

   The revolution in agricultural policy is indeed underway. It is a gradual
revolution, likely to be unfolding over the next decade or more. And its outcome
is far from certain. It will continue to be fueled, however, by fundamental
social, economic and political forces and by the real world intersection between
agriculture - humanity's most essential enterprise - and the environment - on
which we all rely for survival. The questions are: where is this revolution in
agricultural policy taking us? Where should it be taking us?

   This essay will briefly describe agricultural policy in the United States and
some of its consequences, the forces driving change, the nature of the change to
date, and the need for a new, positive vision to guide agriculture's future. It
will then identify some of the questions that need to be addressed to formulate
and fulfill a vision that respects and harnesses markets, conserves our natural
resources, protects the environment, and makes the United States a positive
contributor to a successful global food system.

   III. U.S. Agricultural Policy in the Past

   A. Supporting Farmer Income and Abundant Production

 Modern U.S. agricultural policy has its origins in the experience of the Great
Depression of the 1930s. Farms were failing, and people were hungry. The New
Deal government of Franklin Roosevelt settled on massive public investment and
market intervention to bring the country's economy back to life and provide a
social safety net. The Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938 n3 was part of the
recovery package and opened the modern era of extensive government intervention
in the agricultural marketplace.

   Agricultural production boomed during World War II, and the  [*173]  postwar
years brought a new concern: that expanding production in the U.S. and in
Europe, Australia and South America would depress prices and, in turn, farm
income. Congress responded with the Agriculture Act of 1949, which amended the
1938 Act and remains the permanent authority for the government's major
commodity programs. n4 Until the 1996 enactment of the so-called Freedom to Farm
Act, n5 the 1938 law and subsequent amendments provided the core conceptual
framework for U.S. agricultural policy.

   The basic idea of these laws was to maintain farm income and keep farms in
business by insulating farmers from market risks, principally in the form of low
prices. The 1938 Act and subsequent farm legislation have attempted to do this
through various mechanisms designed to manage supplies, support farm prices, and
directly supplement farm incomes. n6 For example, the prices dairy farmers
receive for their milk have often been supported above market levels by
government purchases of processed dairy products that do not clear the market at
a government determined support or "floor" price. n7 Similarly, beginning in the
1970s, producers of certain commodities (most prominently corn, wheat, cotton
and rice) have had their incomes directly supported through a system of
deficiency payments, under which the government pays farmers the difference
between the price their crops receive in the market and a government set target
price. n8 The government has also attempted to limit the supply, and thereby
bolster the price, of certain commodities through, for example, acreage
reduction programs for major crops, acreage allotments (as on tobacco), and
marketing quotas (for peanuts), or by limiting deficiency payments to crops
grown on some percentage of the farmer's "base" acres in that crop. n9

   No other sector of the American economy has received this high degree of
direct government economic support and market intervention. From 1985 to 1994,
deficiency payments for growers of feed grains (corn, barley, sorghum and oats),
wheat, rice, and cotton  [*174]  totaled over $ 75 billion. n10 Net outlays for
the dairy price support system during the same period totaled almost $ 10
billion. n11 Over the past decade, USDA has spent on average about $ 13.5
billion annually on economic assistance for farmers, with peaks in recent years
as high as $ 28 billion in response to "emergency" conditions. n12

   B. Economic Rationale

 The traditional economic argument for supporting farmers in these ways is based
on differences between farming and other businesses. Farmers are uniquely
vulnerable to weather and to unpredictable changes in market conditions
(especially prices) between the time they plant their crops and the time the
crops are harvested and marketed. Moreover, demand for agricultural commodities
is generally unresponsive to changes in price. For example, in high income
countries like the United States, people do not increase their food purchases
very much just because food is cheap. There are also practical limits on storage
of most commodities on the farm, which means that farmers have to sell into the
existing market whether prices are low or not. If farmers are left completely
exposed to the risk of low prices, so the argument goes, many will not be able
to stay in business, and the prosperity of the farm economy and our stable
supply of low cost food will be in jeopardy.

   C. Political Rationale

 Coupled with this economic justification, there are political realities in the
United States that make the government's involvement in agriculture, and its
dedication to assisting farmers, a built-in fact of American life. Our history
is deeply rooted in agriculture. When independence was declared in 1776, 90% of
Americans lived on farms. When the basic economic support programs were
established in the 1930s, about 20% of Americans still lived on farms, which
were over six million in number. n13 The demographics of agriculture have
[*175]  changed drastically since then. Now only 2% of Americans live on about
two million farms, most of which are part-time operations. In 1992, 63,000 farms
(3% of the total) accounted for over 50% of all farm sales. n14 Despite the
declining number of small family farms, Americans continue to culturally
identify themselves with farms and farmers. A substantial majority of Americans
believe it is in the country's interest to preserve small family farms. n15

   The political clout of agriculture is grounded also in basic political
science. The structure of government created by our founders gives farm states
disproportionately high representation in Congress. Only 2% of Americans live on
farms, but over half of the U.S. Senate comes from largely rural states in which
agriculture is a key element of the economy and culture. As a result, farmers
have a loud voice in Washington when they come with concerns about low prices or
the harm done by bad weather or natural disasters, and they work hard to shape
farm policy that has a direct economic impact on their lives. This adds up to
substantial political weight.

   IV. Consequences of U.S. Agricultural Policy

   A. Abundant Food at Low Cost

 By some important measures, U.S. agricultural policy is a great success.
American agriculture produces basic commodities - such as corn, wheat, rice,
soybeans, and cotton - in abundance and with high efficiency. These crops
provide key raw materials for most of our processed foods and animal feeds.
Likewise, the dairy and animal production industries put high quality protein on
American tables at low cost. All together, the productive base built up in the
United States since the 1930s ensures that Americans can count on a stable,
relatively low cost supply of food. Thus, U.S. food security, insofar as it is
affected by the physical availability of food, has been assured.

   B. Larger and Fewer Farms

 On the other hand, productivity and efficiency come at a cost in  [*176]  terms
of the basic structure of agriculture and the welfare of individual farmers.
Some argue that the system of deficiency payments for corn, wheat, rice and
cotton producers is a major contributor to the concentration that has been
occurring in agriculture over the past several decades. n16 By limiting payments
to a specified acreage planting base, it is argued, the system tied farmers to
planting the same crop year after year and made ever-increasing yield per acre
important to income growth. n17 Efficiency and yield growth have also been an
important focus of government sponsored agricultural research. n18 This drive
for efficiency places a premium on capital-intensive, high-volume, high-tech
production techniques, which in turn requires larger and larger farm sizes over
which to spread the cost. Farmers who have had the opportunity and resources to
invest in technology and expand their operations have generally done well.
Others have found it difficult to compete with the more efficient, large-scale
operations and have been left behind economically or been forced off the farm.
n19 While many social and economic factors have affected the exodus from the
farm, U.S. farm policies have played an important role. n20

   C. Environmental and Natural Resource Costs

 The intensive, monoculture approach to farming encouraged by past U.S.
agricultural policy also has an environmental and natural resource cost. It
tends to use large amounts of chemical fertilizer to replace soil nutrients and,
by increasing the vulnerability of crops to plant diseases and pests, requires
extensive use of chemical pest control agents. n21 These chemicals can affect
water quality and safety through run-off into streams and rivers and
contamination of groundwater, and they pose hazards for farm workers and food
safety that are difficult to fully  [*177]  assess and prevent. n22 Large-scale
monoculture also contributes to soil erosion and consumes water and energy in
large amounts, to the point that some question its long-term sustainability from
an environmental perspective. n23

   A similar increase in the scale and environmental impact of agricultural
operations has occurred in the production of cattle, hogs and poultry.
Large-scale, confined animal feeding operations ("CAFOs") generate large
quantities of waste in relatively small areas, which may pose serious solid
waste, water pollution, and air quality issues if not properly managed. n24

   From a policy perspective, a notable feature of the current U.S. agricultural
system is that the full environmental costs of producing food are not, in the
jargon of economists, internalized. For example, nitrogen run-off into streams
and rivers (the result of heavy fertilizer use to maintain yields on
nitrogen-depleted soil) imposes economic costs on society in the form of harm to
aquatic species, water purification costs, and potential human health impacts.
n25 These costs are not borne directly by farmers or other participants in the
food production system (and thus are not reflected in the price of food), rather
they are borne instead by taxpayers who foot the bill for cleanup or by those
whose economic activity is harmed by poor water quality. These costs are
externalities. Because the environmental costs of fertilizer use, for example,
are shifted to others, those who impose the costs and enjoy the benefit most
directly - fertilizer manufacturers and farmers - have little or no market-based
incentive to change practices. The same basic analysis applies to other resource
and environmental impacts of agriculture, such as the air and water quality
impact of CAFOs, the health costs associated with worker and consumer exposure
to pesticides in the field and in food, and the contribution of agriculture to
carbon dioxide emissions.

   D. Undercutting Market Opportunities for Developing World Farmers

 Finally, by insulating U.S. farmers from the market risk of low prices and
attendant market signals to produce less, U.S. agricultural policy effectively
subsidizes chronic overproduction of basic  [*178]  commodity crops in relation
to domestic demand. This policy contributes to a global economic structure for
agriculture that is neither efficient nor fair. U.S. surpluses seek outlets in
world markets through export sales and food aid, which tends to depress global
prices for basic commodities and undercut incentives for investment in
agriculture elsewhere, including in developing countries. n26 This system is
inefficient to the extent that public funds are being used to sustain U.S.
producers and production that would not be viable in a free market. It is unfair
to the extent that this use of American wealth is impeding the development of
agriculture in the poor countries of Africa and elsewhere. n27

   It is important to note that the United States is not alone in subsidizing
its farmers to the potential detriment of farmers in developing countries.
Indeed, countries in Europe have historically been more aggressive than the
United States in subsidizing farmers. n28 This simply underscores the fact,
however, that agricultural policy is global and the impact of U.S. policy has to
be understood and assessed from a global as well as a domestic perspective.

   V. The Beginning of Change in U.S. Agricultural Policy

 As indicated at the outset, the revolution in U.S. agricultural policy has
already begun with respect to both conservation and economic issues.

   A. Elevating the Priority of Conservation as a Farm Policy Goal

 As part of the 1985 Food Security Act, n29 Congress adopted three measures to
help combat soil erosion. The most important involved use of the Conservation
Reserve Program ("CRP") to stem erosion on millions of acres of highly erodible
land ("HEL") by paying farmers to  [*179]  take the land out of production. n30
The CRP also provides farmers economic and technical assistance to plant
vegetation that will protect idled land from erosion. According to the
Congressional Research Service, over thirty-three million acres are expected to
be enrolled in the program by the end of fiscal year 2000, at an annual cost of
$ 1.6 billion. n31 This is almost 9% of the 375 million acres being used for
crop production in the United States. n32 Since 1985, the CRP has been amended
to encompass environmental concerns beyond soil erosion, such as wildlife
habitat, surface water protection, and air quality. n33

   The other two soil erosion programs adopted in 1985 were the Sodbuster and
Conservation Compliance programs, both of which remain in place. n34 These
programs tie a farmer's eligibility for farm program benefits to his or her
practices on certain categories of highly erodible land. Under Sodbuster,
farmers who cultivate HEL that had not been cultivated between 1981 and 1985
lose eligibility for price supports and other benefits. Under Conservation
Compliance, farmers who are cultivating HEL must do so under a USDA approved
conservation plan or they lose their farm program benefits.

   The 1985 Act marked an important shift in agricultural policy because it
brought conservation and environmental issues into the heart of the farm bill
debate and, very importantly, created a direct linkage between farmers'
conservation practices and the economic benefits they receive from government.
The CRP has grown to be, by far, the largest agricultural conservation program
in terms of both  [*180]  budget and acres affected, due, no doubt, to its dual
purpose. By paying farmers to take erodible and environmentally sensitive land
out of production, the CRP not only protects the land but also provides economic
assistance to farmers in the form of price support (through reduced production)
and direct income payments. This dual purpose is politically appealing but makes
"success" more difficult to define and evaluate. On the other hand, the
Sodbuster and Conservation Compliance programs address only the goal of
conservation. Importantly, the latter sets the precedent of using economic
incentives to induce sound conservation practices on land that is being farmed
rather than inducing farmers not to farm.

   In the 1985 Act and subsequent farm legislation, Congress established many
more conservation and environmental programs on topics beyond soil erosion.
Among those with the most impact have been two programs to protect agricultural
wetlands from damage or destruction. n35 The Wetlands Reserve Program ("WRP") is
a voluntary program to preserve wetlands. Landowners can establish either
permanent or thirty year conservation easements in exchange for payments up to
the agricultural value of the land. They can also enter cost-share restoration
agreements of ten years or longer. Another important wetlands program is called
"Swampbuster." Similar to the Sodbuster program for highly erodible land,
Swampbuster forbids farm program benefits from being paid to farmers who convert
wetlands to crop production.

   Congress has also established programs to protect wildlife habitat, n36
conserve and improve private grazing lands, n37 protect rivers, streams, and
groundwater from contamination with pesticides and other agricultural run-off
(nonpoint source pollution), n38 and address waste  [*181]  management practices
at feedlots. n39 While most of these programs involve voluntary participation by
farmers and various approaches to cost sharing and technical assistance, they
further reflect the emergence of conservation and environmental issues as
important elements of agricultural policy.

   B. Producing for the Market: The Decoupling of Income Support and Planting
Decisions

 Beginning in the 1980s, farmers and policy experts realized that the system of
income support for corn, wheat, rice, cotton, and other basic commodities, which
tied payments to the continuation of established planting patterns and
government-imposed acreage reductions, hindered the ability of U.S. farmers to
respond to signals from the increasingly global market for agricultural
commodities. The result was oversupply and reduced prices for some crops and, in
other cases, an inability to capitalize on market opportunities. n40 In the 1990
farm legislation, Congress took an initial step toward building some planting
flexibility into the income support program, n41 however, in 1996, Congress made
a more significant shift toward a market oriented agricultural policy.

   In the 1996 farm legislation, dubbed the Freedom to Farm Act, Congress ended
the link between income support payments and planting decisions for "contract
crops" (wheat, corn, rice, upland cotton, grain sorghum, barley, and oats). n42
Farmers were required  [*182]  instead to enter into "production flexibility
contracts" covering the 1996-2002 planting seasons under which they would be
free to plant virtually what they want on as many acres as they want, presumably
in response to market signals. n43 Farmers would receive set payments through
2002 on a declining scale based on their historical base acreage, regardless of
the gap between the market price and what under previous law might have been the
target price. n44 In short, farmers' exposure to market risk and market
opportunity were both increased.

   One impetus for this change in income support policy was budgetary pressure.
Congress was still struggling in the mid-1990s to balance the budget, and cuts
in farm support programs were considered inevitable to accomplish that purpose.
Indeed, many proponents of reform advocated eliminating income supports
altogether, in part to save money. From the perspective of farmers, the Freedom
to Farm Act was a way to secure a predictable level of payments for seven years
rather than run the risk of losing out in a budget battle.

   From the perspective of long-term reform in agricultural and environmental
policy, the important contribution of the Freedom to Farm Act is that, by
decoupling income support payments and planting decisions, it provides
policymakers an opportunity to devise policies that link government financial
assistance for farmers to the achievement of other goals, including the goal of
environmental sustainability.

   VI. Forces That Will Sustain Change

 The changes underway in U.S. agricultural policy have been driven largely by
domestic political factors that are likely to persist in some form. Such factors
include the following: ascendancy of free market political principles, budget
pressures and public skepticism about subsidizing high-income farmers, and the
increasing ability of urban and suburban voters to bring into the agricultural
policy debate their concerns about food and water safety, as well as more
general concerns about environment quality. The contest over the future of U.S.
farm policy is, however, not over.

   Just two years after the 1996 Freedom to Farm Act, when commodity prices
fell, Congress retreated on its effort to gradually reduce direct income support
and let farmers respond to market signals. With farmers in distress from low
commodity prices, Congress  [*183]  has, for the last two years, authorized
"emergency" income support payments at record high levels. n45 The 1996 Act also
contained provisions, little noticed when enacted, that were intended to assist
farmers in timing the marketing of their commodities to gain a favorable price.
These provisions for nonrecourse marketing assistance loans and loan deficiency
payments have turned out to be a major source of direct income support at times
of low prices, thus further reflecting the struggle that persists as Congress
attempts to move away from such direct intervention. The upshot is that U.S.
farmers remain insulated from market signals to produce less.

   As the tension between reform and the status quo lingers domestically,
however, there are powerful forces operating at a global level that will
reinforce the movement in U.S. agricultural policy toward increasing market
orientation and greater focus on conservation and environmental concerns.

   A. Market Liberalization

 First, liberalization of agricultural markets by the World Trade Organization
(WTO) will likely push the United States and Europe further away from price and
income supports for farmers. The current Agreement on Agriculture under the WTO
already requires reductions in certain trade-distorting farm subsidies, and
future agreements are expected to place further limits on such subsidies. n46
The U.S. is a leader in the market liberalization movement internationally and,
to retain credibility in that role, will continue conforming its own farm
policies to the market-opening requirements of international trade agreements.
Absent a reversal, of course, by the United States in its approach to trade
liberalization generally, it will be increasingly difficult in coming years to
justify financial assistance to farmers that has the effect of subsidizing
overproduction and low price exports of basic commodities. n47

[*184]

   B. Food Security and Developing World Agriculture

 Second, there is building pressure in the international community to address
poverty and hunger in developing countries and an increasing realization that
this requires substantial improvement in the productivity and economic success
of agriculture in these countries. The United States and Europe have joined in
the commitment made in 1996 by most of the world's nations, under the auspices
of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, to cut
undernourishment in half by 2015. n48 To be credible in this commitment, the
U.S. and Europe will have to continue to steer away from subsidies that undercut
agriculture in developing countries and toward policies that are more supportive
of developing world agriculture.

   Food aid from the United States and Europe can be essential to save lives in
emergencies, but local food availability on a consistent basis and increased
income are keys to food security in the poor countries of Africa and other
developing regions. In developing countries, where as many as 80-90% of the
population are directly dependent on agriculture for their food and livelihood,
the success of agriculture is essential to the success of the economy and to
food security. To be successful, however, developing country agricultural
systems require investment at the farm level and in the relevant physical and
social infrastructure (such as transportation, legal systems, and market
mechanisms). This requires a market environment that provides farmers a fair
opportunity to earn a return. A market environment in which the prices of basic
commodities are artificially depressed by subsidized overproduction and exports
from western industrialized countries is not such an environment.

   C. Agricultural Sustainability and Long-Term Food Security

 Third, there is an emerging realization that agricultural systems in both
developed and developing countries face challenges to achieve long-term
sustainability and food security, especially in light of growing populations.
n49 The challenges vary geographically, but they  [*185]  include conserving and
improving soil, making more efficient use of water, and protecting biological
diversity. In the United States, this realization manifests itself in shifts
toward integrated pest management, more sophisticated irrigation strategies, and
organic agriculture - all techniques for reducing the use of energy-intensive,
resource-consuming, off-farm inputs, and reducing the environmental footprint of
agriculture. n50 To foster this trend, there is growing interest in the concept
of "green payments" as a policy tool for encouraging more sustainable practices.
n51 Already, sustainable agriculture is more than a policy buzzword. It is an
emerging practice that responds to both economic and public realities facing
farmers and that, if nurtured and incentivized, could gradually transform
agriculture.

   In developing countries, agricultural sustainability has an even more acute
importance. Soil erosion, poor soil quality, and poor management of water and
land resources are, in some locations, serious obstacles to increasing
agricultural productivity, and in extreme cases, to meeting the basic food needs
of today. The Green Revolution of the 1960s - which brought improved seeds,
fertilizer, chemical pest control, and irrigation to bear in developing
countries - brought enormous productivity gains to agriculture and contributed
to both food security and economic growth, especially in Asia and Latin America.
These gains, which did not reach most of Africa, are tapering off; in addition,
the environmental costs of the first green revolution are now recognized.
Meeting the long-term food needs of a global population that is growing by
eighty million annually will require a Doubly Green Revolution, one that
emphasizes both productivity gains and conservation. n52

[*186]

   D. Where Are We Going and Why?

 As political pressure continues to liberalize markets, address food security
globally, and improve agricultural sustainability, where is U.S. agricultural
policy going? What will drive the continued convergence of agricultural and
environmental policy in the United States? In this author's view, the answer is
grounded in the United States' practical political imperative to provide
financial assistance to farmers. Even as we move away from direct income
assistance and market-distorting efforts to manage prices and supplies,
politicians will continue responding to farmers' demands for assistance. Public
dollars will continue to be invested in agriculture and paid to farmers, but for
what purpose? As the policy and political reasons discussed earlier indicate, a
likely and constructive purpose would be to protect the environment and induce
more sustainable farming practices.

   This shift has already begun at a policy level, but if the public dollars now
spent on direct income support were used to develop, promote, and reward more
environmentally sustainable farming practices, the merger of agricultural and
environmental policy would become a reality. n53 Farmers' incomes would be
helped, not just as an end in itself, but also as a means of achieving a U.S.
agricultural system that is economically successful, environmentally
sustainable, and a positive contributor to the success of the global food
system.

   VII. Toward a New Vision for Agriculture: Questions Worth Asking

 The recent policy trends described in this essay have occurred in reaction to a
complex set of changed circumstances. They have not occurred in furtherance of
any coherent, shared vision of agriculture's future and the role of public
policy in implementing that vision. It is one thing to aspire toward a system of
agriculture that is economically successful, environmentally sustainable, and a
positive contributor to the success of the global food system. It is quite
another to reduce such generalities to practical policies and programs. It is
unrealistic to expect unanimity on something as inherently contentious as the
future of agriculture and agricultural policy. Nevertheless, asking the right
questions about a vision for the future can help illuminate the path and define
the issues that need to be studied and debated in coming years.  [*187]  The
following are some of those questions:

   A. What is economic success for agriculture?

 From society's perspective, the core economic function of agriculture is to
produce the food crops and other goods people need at a price they can afford.
On this view, agriculture is economically successful if it does that
consistently and affordably. On the other hand, from the producers' perspective,
economic success is measured with reference to producers' survival and income.
What is economic success for purposes of public policy? What is the public
interest in the number and size of farms or the degree of economic concentration
in agricultural production? What is the public interest in the level of farm
income? What contribution can and should agriculture make to the social and
economic well-being of rural communities? What other social or economic goods
does society want from agriculture, such as preservation of landscape and
wildlife habitat?

   B. What is society's duty to farmers?

 Family farms have been under economic pressure for many years, and the
transition to more market-oriented policies and freer trade is increasing the
pressure. What is the nature of the public interest in keeping family farms in
business? Is there a public interest in insulating family farms from the risks
of the market or keeping in business operations that are not viable in a
competitive market? What is the right "social safety net" for farmers compared
to the social safety net society provides other citizens? What is fair to expect
of farmers in return?

   C. What do we really mean by environmental sustainability?

 In broad terms, agriculture can be said to be environmentally sustainable if it
effectively minimizes negative impacts on health and environment and conserves
natural resources so that future generations can produce the food they will
need. This formulation is not meaningful for policy purposes, however, in the
absence of a more specific definition of the goals and the development of
practical tools for measuring and monitoring progress. What are the operational
elements of a "sustainable" agricultural system? What is a sustainable rate of
soil erosion? Level of water use? Input of chemical fertilizer and pest control
agents? Ratio of energy input to energy output in crop production? Development
of resistance in agricultural pests?  [*188]  How do we measure performance and
progress on these or other specific parameters of sustainability? Is
"sustainable agriculture" a journey or a destination? How do we build into the
public policy regime a recognition of geographic and temporal variability in
conditions affecting the sustainability of an agricultural operation? What is
the relationship between farm size and sustainability and how should public
policy take that into account?

   D. Who is responsible for the environmental sustainability of agriculture?

 Farmers and society-at-large share an interest in ensuring the sustainability
of agriculture, though their time frames differ. Farmers need to know they will
be able to produce a competitive, profitable crop next year and the year after.
All citizens, however, have an interest in whether agriculture will be able to
meet the needs of their children and grandchildren. Long-term sustainability is
thus, without question, a public good. Who is responsible for achieving it? In a
competitive market for agricultural goods, there is constant pressure on farmers
to reduce the cost of production and little or no economic incentive to make
investments that do not provide a clearly foreseeable return. Farmers will
readily reduce the use of chemical inputs if that will improve profit margins.
They have less economic incentive to reduce inputs in the name of long-term
"sustainability," especially on matters that are unlikely to have a direct
effect on their farm's future productivity, such as preservation of wildlife
habitat. Who should bear the costs of which aspects of agricultural
sustainability? To what extent should they be imposed on farmers through
regulation? To what extent should the costs be borne by the public through
economic incentives or subsidies to farmers or other forms of public investment?

   E. What is the proper role of U.S. agriculture in the global food system?

 As a pure business enterprise operating in a free market economy, agriculture
exists to produce the products the market demands, and by doing so, earns income
for producers and a return on investment that justifies producers staying in
business. Agriculture operates, however, in an economic environment that is
heavily influenced by public policy in the form of supply and price management,
income support, risk management assistance (through crop insurance), marketing
and export assistance, and research and development support (through USDA
research programs). These government policies and programs significantly affect
the terms of trade and the economic structure for all of U.S. agribusiness, as
well as the volume of U.S. exports of agricultural commodities. They thus affect
global agricultural markets  [*189]  and farmers in other countries. What impact
does the economic structure of U.S. agribusiness have on the functioning of the
global food system? What is the public's interest and proper role in overseeing
private decisions that affect the structure of agribusiness (e.g., the degree of
concentration at various stages of the food production chain)? What impact do
U.S. government programs have on the global food system, including agricultural
development in other countries? What is the U.S.'s interest and what is the
proper role and responsibility of the U.S. in relation to those markets and
farmers? Should the goal of U.S. policy be to promote the prosperity of U.S.
agriculture by maintaining a high level of agricultural exports? To create a
level playing field on which U.S. farmers can compete in world markets? To
encourage the success of food systems in less developed countries?

   F. What is the proper U.S. role in achieving global food security?

 The United States is committed to the World Food Summit goal of cutting the
number of undernourished people in the world in half by 2015. In pursuit of this
goal, should the U.S. see itself primarily as a source of exports and food aid
or as a partner with developing countries in building sustainable, local food
systems? How should the U.S. balance the interests of American farmers in
expanding exports with the interests of developing world farmers in expanding
their own production? Under what circumstances should the U.S. provide food aid?
Export credit assistance? Under what circumstances should the U.S. invest
directly in the development of agriculture overseas?

   G. What should be the priority drivers of U.S. agricultural policy?

 Implicit in all of the preceding questions is the need to make choices among
goals, interests, and values that, to some extent, compete with each other, and
in every case, compete for scarce resources. Given the way our pluralistic
democracy works, we can be assured that, in the end, the agricultural policy of
the United States will encompass and attempt to balance many goals, interests,
and values. Ideally, however, it will be developed not solely in reaction to
shifting political and interest group pressures but on the basis of some common
understanding of the goals, values, and priorities that should shape policy - in
short, on a vision for the future.

   For example, if global food security and long-term environmental
sustainability were the overriding goals of U.S. policy, specific policies and
programs could be developed, and budget resources allocated on that basis.
Policies intended to affect the size, number, and income of  [*190]  farm
operations, for example, would be developed and justified as means to the end of
food security and sustainability. It would still be necessary to make difficult
choices and balance competing interests, but the choices could be debated and
made with reference to the clearly articulated goals of food security and
sustainability.

   On the other hand, if the overriding goals of U.S. agricultural policy were
to maintain a diversified U.S. production base, promote the economic welfare of
American farmers, and preserve family farms, a different frame of reference and
a different set of policy choices and justifications would result.

   Of course, neither of these hypothetical alternatives captures all of the
goals and values (and potential for positive contributions) that arguably should
be part of a vision for the future of U.S. agriculture and agricultural policy.
What roles can and should agriculture play in reducing the "greenhouse effect"
and the threat of global warming (through carbon sequestration or emission
reductions)? In helping society shift toward greater reliance on renewable
energy sources (through harnessing of biomass)? In improving human nutrition and
health (by producing nutritionally-improved crops and "nutraceuticals")?

   VIII. Conclusion

 The global food system is charging rapidly into a future that has the potential
to change just about everything, including the basics of who is producing what,
for whom, and in response to what set of economic incentives and social
expectations. The United States, with the most innovative and productive
agricultural economy in the world, will continue to play a central role. But
what will that role be? What is the vision for the future? These questions are
of vital importance not only to people who work in agriculture but to the public
at large. By addressing them thoughtfully, in a way that respects the full range
of American values and interests, the United States can take care of its own
food needs in an environmentally and socially sustainable way and help build a
global food system that provides sustainable food security for all.


Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawSolid WastesDisposal StandardsGovernmentsAgriculture &
FoodGeneral OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Food security exists in a community when all people at all times have
physical and economic access to sufficient food to meet their dietary needs for
a productive and healthy life. See Food and Agric. Org. of the U.N., Report of
the World Food Summit: 13-17th Sess., pt. 1, U.N. Doc. WFS 96/REP (1997)
[hereinafter World Food Summit].





n2. " A sustainable agriculture is one that, over the long-term, enhances
environmental quality and the resource base on which agriculture depends;
provides for basic human food and fiber needs; is economically viable; and
enhances the quality of life for farmers and society as a whole." This
definition was published by the American Society of Agronomy. See Decision
Reached on Sustainable Agriculture, Agronomy News, Jan. 1989. A similar,
slightly expanded, definition was adopted the next year by Congress in the Food,
Agriculture, Conservation and Trade Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-624, 104 Stat.
3359 (1990) (codified as amended at 5 U.S.C. 3132; 7 U.S.C. 71 (2000)).





n3.  Agricultural Adjustment Act of 1938, Pub. L. No. 75-430 (codified as
amended at 7 U.S.C. 1311).





n4.  Agriculture Act of 1949, Pub. L. No. 89-439 (codified as amended at 7
U.S.C. 1421).





n5.  Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996, Pub. L. No.
104-127, 110 Stat. 888 (codified as amended at 7 U.S.C. 7201).





n6.  See generally Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., [Agric. Info.
Bulletin No. 485] The History of Agric. Price-Support and Adjustment Programs,
1933-84, (1984); Willard Cochrane, The Dev. of Am. Agric.: An Historical
Analysis (1979); Anne B. W. Effland, U.S. Farm Policy: The First 200 Years,
Agricultural Outlook, March 2000, at 21.





n7.  See Cochrane, supra note 6, at 379.





n8.  See id.





n9.  See id.





n10.  See David Peacock, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Farm Bus. Econ. Report
(ECI-1997), http://www.ers.usda.gov:80/publications/ECI1997.





n11.  See Ralph M. Chite, Cong. Research Serv., Dairy Policy Issues, Report for
Congress Issue Brief 97011 (2000), http://www.cnie.org/nle/ag-29.html# 1 6.





n12.  See Food and Agric. Section, Cong. Research Serv., Farm Bill Issues:
Overview, Issue Brief 95058 (1996), http://www.cnie.org/nle/ag-8.html. Farm
assistance varies widely, getting as high as nearly $ 28 billion in FY2000. See
Jean Yavis Jones, Cong. Research Serv., Agric. & the 106th Cong.: A Summary of
Major Issues, Issue Brief RS20452, (2000), http://www.cnie.org/nle.ag-82.html.





n13.  See Econ. Research Service, U.S. Dep't of Agric., A History of Am. Agric.
1776-1990, http://www.usda.gov/history2/text3.htm (last visited November 21,
2000) [hereinafter History of Am. Agric.]. See also Econ. Research Serv., U.S.
Dep't of Agric., Structural and Fin. Characteristics of U.S. Farms (December
1998), http.www.ers.usda.gov/epubs/pdf/aib746/ [hereinafter Structural & Fin.
Characteristics] (providing a detailed analysis of changes in farm structure,
income, and management).





n14.  See Structural & Fin. Characteristics, supra note 13.





n15.  See M.G. Dalecki & C.M. Coughenour, Agrarianism in American Society, 57(1)
Rural Soc. 48, 56 (1992).





n16.  See Rick Welsh, Henry A. Wallace Inst. for Alternative Agric.,
Reorganizing U.S. Agric.: The Rise of Indus. Agric. & Direct Mktg. (1997),
http://www.hawiaa.org/pspr7.htm; Rick Welsh, Henry A. Wallace Inst. for
Alternative Agric., The Indus. Reorganization of U.S. Agric.: An Overview &
Background Report (1996), http://www.hawiaa.org/pspr6.htm [hereinafter Indus.
Reorganization].





n17.  See Indus. Reorganization, supra note 16.





n18.  See Keith Fuglie et al., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Agric. Econ. Report No.
735, Agric. Research and Dev.: Pub. & Private Inv. Under Alternative Markets and
Inst., (1996).





n19.  See Indus. Reorganization, supra note 16.





n20.  See id.





n21.  See Tracy Irwin Hewitt & Katherine R. Smith, Henry A. Wallace Inst. for
Alternative Agric., Intensive Agric. & Envtl. Quality: Examining the Newest
Agric. Myth (1995), http://www.hawiaa.org/iaeq.htm.





n22.  See id.





n23.  See id.





n24.  See Indus. Reorganization, supra note 16. It is important to note that
small-scale operations also have environmental impacts, such as non-point source
pollution of waterways from agricultural run-off, and are not subject to the
same regulatory controls as some larger facilities.





n25.  See Hewitt & Smith, supra note 21.





n26.  See Food and Agric. Org. of the U.N., Sustainable Agric. and Rural Dev.:
Report of the Secretary-General (2000),
http://www.un.org/documents/ecosoc/cn17/2000/ecn172000-7.htm.





n27.  See Peter M. Rosset, Food First/The Inst. for Food & Dev. Policy, The
Multiple Functions & Benefits of Small Farm Agric. in the Context of Global
Trade Negotiations 15-16 (1999).





n28.  See Econ. Research Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., Estimates of Producer and
Consumer Subsidy Equivalents: Gov't Intervention in Agric., 1982-92 (1994). See
also Frederick J. Nelson, U.S. Dep't of Agric., Measuring Domestic Support for
U.S. Agric. (1997), http://151.121.66.126/Briefing/wto/AMS/august.htm; Org. for
Econ. Cooperation and Dev., Agric. Policies, Markets and Trade in OECD
Countries: Monitoring & Evaluation (1996).





n29.  Food Security Act of 1985, Pub. L. No. 99-198 (1985).





n30.  See Resource Econ. Div., U.S. Dep't of Agric, Agric Resources and Envtl.
Indicators, 2000; Jeffrey A. Zinn, Cong. Research Serv., Soil & Water
Conservation Issues, Issue Brief IB96030 (2000).





n31.  Jeffrey Zinn, Cong. Research Serv., Conservation Reserve Program: Status &
Current Issues, Report 97-673 (2000), http://www.cnie.org/nle/ag-65.html
[hereinafter Conservation Reserve Program].





n32.  Natural Resources Conservation Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric, 1997 National
Resources Inventory, http://www.nhq.nrcs.usda.gov/NRI/1997/.





n33.  See Conservation Reserve Program, supra note 31. The Farm Services Agency
uses an Environmental Benefits Index (EBI) to compare all CRP bids. The
components of the EBI are evolving, and they include attention to riparian
buffers, filter strips, wetlands, on-farm benefits, long-term benefits (e.g.
tree planting), and others. Zinn notes one of the controversial directions the
EBI may evolve: consideration of effects on sequestration of carbon dioxide. See
R. Lal et al., Managing U.S. Cropland to Sequester Carbon in Soil, Journal of
Soil and Water Conservation, First Quarter 1999; R. Lal et al., The Potential of
U.S. Cropland to Sequester Carbon and Mitigate the Greenhouse Effect (1998).





n34.  For program descriptions, see Jeffrey Zinn, Cong. Research Serv.,
Conservation Compliance for Agric.: Status & Policy Issues, Report for Congress
96-648 (1998), http://www.cnie.org/nle/ag-45.html; and Jeffrey Zinn,
Congressional Research Serv., Soil and Water Conservation Issues, Issue Brief
IB96030 (2000), http://www.cnie.org/nle/ag-18.html.





n35.  For descriptions of both, see Agric. Resources and Envtl. Indicators,
2000, supra note 30, especially ch. 6, 5, Wetlands Programs, and 4, Water
Quality Programs. See also Jeffrey Zinn & Claudia Copeland, Cong. Research
Serv., Wetland Issues, Issue Brief IB97014 (2000).





n36.  The Wildlife Habitat Incentives Program provides financial incentives to
develop habitat for fish and wildlife on private lands. USDA shares the cost of
implementing a wildlife habitat development plan. See Natural Resources
Conservation Serv., U.S. Dep't of Agric., USDA Conservation Programs,
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/NRCSProg.html. See also Zinn & Copeland, supra note 35.





n37.  The Conservation of Private Grazing Land Initiative provides technical and
educational assistance to owners of private grazing lands. See USDA Conservation
Programs, supra note 36. See also Agric. Resources and Envtl. Indicators, 2000,
supra note 30, especially ch. 6, 1, Overview of Conservation Programs and
Expenditures.





n38.  Various voluntary programs reward farmers for taking measures to protect
ground and surface water. The Environmental Quality Incentives Program ("EQIP"),
for example, provides technical, educational, and financial assistance to
farmers who implement conservation plans. Such plans may include integrated pest
management to reduce pesticide use, filter strips along streams to catch run-off
from fields, animal waste management plans, fertilizer management, wildlife
habitat, tree planting, and other measures. See USDA Conservation Programs,
supra note 36. See also, Jeffrey Zinn, Cong. Research Serv., Envtl. Quality
Incentives Program (EQIP): Status & Issues (1998).





n39.  Before the 1996 Farm Bill, animal waste issues were not explicitly
addressed by conservation programs, though some indirectly addressed them under
water quality. The 1996 bill still addresses them only indirectly, though
explicitly, through the water quality provision in the EQIP. However, in 1998
the USDA and the EPA jointly created a Unified National Strategy for Animal
Feeding Operations (draft published in Federal Register, September 21, 1998) as
part of the President's Clean Water Action Plan. Also in 1998, USDA instituted
the Task Force on Agricultural Air Quality, with a mandate to examine animal
waste management issues besides water quality. The Task Force recently issued
its report. See Air Quality Research & Tech. Transfer White Paper &
Recommendations for Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations (2000),
http://www.nhq.nrcs.usda.gov/faca/Policies/CAFO.htm.





n40.  See C. Edwin Young & Paul C. Westcott, U.S. Dep't Of Agric., The 1996 U.S.
Farm Act Increases Mkt. Orientation, Agric. Info. Bulletin No. 726 (1996).





n41.  See The Food, Agric., Conservation and Trade Act of 1990, Pub. L. No.
101-624, 104 Stat. 3359 (1990).





n42.  See Young & Westcott, supra note 40.





n43.  See id.





n44.  See id.





n45.  See Ralph M. Chite, Cong. Research Serv.: Emergency Farm Assistance in the
FY2000 Agric. Appropriations Act (P.L. 106-78), Report RS20389 (1999); Ralph M.
Chite, Emergency Agric. Provisions in the FY1999 Omnibus Appropriations Act
(P.L. 105-277), Report 98-952 (1998); Ralph M. Chite, Emergency Farm Assistance
in FY2000 Appropriations Acts, Report RS20416 (1999); Ralph M. Chite, Emergency
Funding for Agric.: A Brief History of Cong. Action, 1988-June 1999, Report
RS20269 (1999).





n46.  See Comm. on Agric., World Trade Org., Proposal for Comprehensive
Long-Term Agric. Trade Reform: Submission from the U.S. (2000),
http://www.wto.org/english/tratop e/agric e/negoti e.htm.





n47.  The trade liberalization policies pursued under the auspices of the WTO
have raised concerns about the impact of free trade on environment, worker
welfare, and other important social values, especially in developing countries.
As discussed below, these values need to be taken into account in crafting any
viable vision of the future.





n48.  The FAO estimates that 800 million people are undernourished and many more
are food insecure to some extent, meaning they do not always have physical and
economic access to sufficient food to meet their dietary needs for a productive
and healthy life. See World Food Summit, supra note 1, at 19. See also P.
Collomb & J. du Guerny, Food Requirements & Population Growth in World Food
Summit, supra note 1, at Technical Background Doc. 4.





n49.  See Gordon Conway, The Doubly Green Revolution (1997).





n50.  See Alternative Farming Systems Info. Center, U.S. Dep't of Agric.,
Sustainable Agric.: Definitions & Terms (1999),
http://www.nal.usda.gov/afsic/AFSIC pubs/srb9902.htm; Wilfrid Legg, Org. for
Econ. Co-operation and Dev., Sustainable Agric.: An Econ. Perspective (2000),
http://www.oecd.org/agr/News/index8.htm; Dennis Keeney, Sustainable Agric.:
Definition and Concepts, 3(3) J. Prod. Agric. 281 (1990).





n51.  Henry A. Wallace Inst. for Alternative Agric., Designing Green Support
Programs (Sarah Lynch ed.) (1994); Ralph Heimlich, "Green Payments" as a Policy
Option, AGRIC. OUTLOOK (June 1995).





n52.  See Conway, supra note 49. Achieving such a doubly green revolution will
require, among other things, a greatly increased investment in agricultural and
environmental research to devise locally appropriate solutions, especially to
meet the diverse needs of developing countries.





n53.  Even with such a shift in resources, much creative work would be required
to implement an agricultural policy that had environmental sustainability as its
driving consideration. See R.E. Heimlich & R. Claassen, Agricultural Policy at a
Crossroads, 27 Agric. & Resource Econ. Rev. 95, 95-107 (1998).


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            April 25, 2015 Saturday

We can overcome bad monsoon, says Radha Mohan Singh

BYLINE: Madhvi Sally

SECTION: INTERVIEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


The country has resources and technology to overcome a bad monsoon, says
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh. In an interview to Madhvi Sally, he says
planning and implementation of contingency plans for districts prone to
below-normal rainfall will prevent a crisis. Excerpts:

Is the agriculture ministry prepared to deal with a poor monsoon?

Let me assure farmers, that the Ministry of Agriculture is competent to handle
any weather vagaries. We had successfully overcome a weak monsoon last year,
when the country received 12% deficient rainfall and we will do so this year
too. But I will not comment on the monsoon until June, when a clear picture
would be available.

What is the government's plan to protect crops in case of a delayed monsoon/less
rain?

The Indian Council for Agriculture Research has identified 100 districts that
experience drought and declining water label. Resilient varieties of crops are
being provided to farmers here, apart from farming equipment and machinery
through custom hiring. In addition to crop production, animal husbandry, dairy,
fishery and forestry are also being encouraged. The identified districts have
already prepared a plan.

What is the government's plan for other parts in case of a below-normal
rainfall?

ICAR's Central Research Institute for Dryland Agriculture has prepared a plan
for more than 500 districts across the country which the Centre will share with
all state governments. The agriculture ministry can tackle any situation arising
out of a poor monsoon. We have sufficient food stocks and quick action will be
taken to tackle any situation.

What is the ministry doing to increase farmer income?

Agriculture has the potential to employ large sections of our population. The
principle of 'less land, less time, more production' has to be implemented so
that small and marginal farmers can make greater contribution. For higher
productivity and income to farmers, we need new techniques. The farmer has the
opportunity to diversify into horticulture, animal husbandry and fisheries. The
Centre has initiated the Rastriya Gokul Mission for development and conservation
of indigenous breed of cattle and Blue Revolution for accelerated increase in
production in fisheries. These are important for food security and enhancement
of rural income.

What steps have been taken to control rise of potato and onion prices?

Unseasonal rains have damaged these crops. We have written to all states,
including Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and West Bengal where there is likelihood
of increase in prices, to purchase and maintain stocks of the same. Under the
Market Intervention Scheme, the Agriculture Ministry has written to the three
states to assess onion and potato crop damage and send reports as per
guidelines.

Can you explain how the National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture (NMSA)
would address effects of climate change on agriculture?

National Mission for Sustainable Agriculture, along with recently-launched
National Soil Health Card Mission, will help climate mitigation indirectly. This
mission seeks to address issues regarding sustainable agriculture in the context
of risks associated with climate change by devising appropriate adaptation and
mitigation strategies for ensuring food security, enhancing livelihood
opportunities and contributing to economic stability.

Do you think parties are holding farmers' rallies with an eye on Bihar
elections?

Congress has no plank and is making an issue of the farm crisis. We have been
able to do what Congress didn't do in its 50 years' governance. More farmers
have benefitted from financial grants and there has also been a quantum jump in
the aid. Some state governments are not implementing schemes given by the Centre
leading to farmers' protests.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    November 2, 1985, Saturday, ALL EDITION

Saskatchewan farm income set to plummet, study shows

BYLINE: Joe Ralko

SECTION: SECTION 2, NEWS/FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: Regina,Sask.


  Saskatchewan's 50,000 farmers face net farm income at a 15-year low, averaging
only $5,000 per farmer. And Saskatchewan, it might be noted, produces about one
third of Canada's total grain production.

Data compiled by the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool predicts realized income from farm
operations in 1985 will be less than $254 million, down from $274 million in
1984 and $574 million in 1983. By contrast, net farm income in 1981 had topped a
remarkable $1.6 billion.

''It's not new news for anybody in farming today that things aren't well out
there,'' the province's Agriculture minister, Lorne Hepworth, told The Post,
''But that particular $5,000 statistic is a very dramatic way of pointing out
the hurt that is in the farm economy.''

ELECTION EXPECTED

The poor agricultural performance will ripple through the Saskatchewan economy
just as Hepworth and his fellow provincial Conservatives prepare for an expected
1986 election.

Mike Shumsky, agriculture specialist with Statistics Canada in Winnipeg, says
farm deliveries to grain elevators are down slightly from last fall because of
the late harvest. But the impact of two consecutive years of drought in
Saskatchewan has yet to be felt fully through the economy.

''I figure 1986 will be more affected than 1985,'' Shumsky says.

Meanwhile, the 1985 harvest is virtually complete.

Vern Scheidt, an industry consultant with the department of Agriculture, said
the 1985 harvest of grains and oil seeds will be about 18.3 million metric tons,
up from 16.3 million harvested in 1984.

Quality, however, is off sharply. Last year 96% of the red spring wheat was in
the top two grades but this year only 26% will grade No. 1 and 30% will grade
No. 2.

As the grade decreases, so does the value. No. 1 in Regina would fetch $3.99 per
bushel, No. 2 is 16( a bushel lower, No. 3 red spring is an additional 21(
cheaper and, if it becomes feed grade, it's only $2.93 per bushel.

Premier Grant Devine's government has been under pressure from farm lobby groups
and the NDP opposition to provide a special payment of $50 per seeded acre and a
subsidy of $100 per cow.

Instead, Ottawa and Saskatchewan have responded with a $48-million program to
help farmers feed their livestock over the winter.

Devine, at round-table talks in September with farm groups, and at a rally
sponsored by the Southwest Drought Committee, has said that special acreage
payments aren't the answer.

Problems in agriculture caused in part by a continuing drought or insect
infestations must be addressed as part of a national agriculture program, the
premier has argued.

Devine, with input from a two-day conference on the issue held this week in
Saskatoon, is developing a Canadian plan to present to his fellow first
ministers when they meet in November in Halifax.

The Conservative premier will be looking for all the help he can get from
Ottawa, since he is expected to call an election next year in which rural
support will be vital.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Times tough on the farm

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1985 Financial Post Ltd.


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Rural incomes to rise when fewer work for farm: Secretary

BYLINE: Nidhi Nath Srinivas

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 499 words


NEW DELHI: Downplaying the impact of drought in three states on national food
production, agriculture and cooperation secretary Prabeer Kumar Basu says the
number of people dependent on agriculture has to come down for rural incomes to
rise.

"We have sent our team for an assessment of the situation. None of this will
affect overall production because it will be compensated by the rest of India
where crop conditions are excellent. We will lose a little bit in coarse grain
and oilseeds. But we shall meet our overall production target of 245 million
tonnes," he said.

He expects India to meet this year's production target of 102 million tonnes for
rice, 17 million tonnes for coarse grain and exceed 84 million tonnes for wheat.
Maharashtra teeters on the brink while two other key states contributing to
grain production - Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh - have already declared a
drought, potentially exacerbating agrarian distress and adversely impacting food
prices.

Supply of pulses, sugarcane, oilseeds, soyabean and coarse grain such as bajra
and jowar, is likely to be hit, with production in the rabi season, or the
winter harvest, set to decline by 25% to 40%, compared with the previous year,
in the three states. This is on top of the decline seen during the kharif
season, or the autumn harvest.

Even in other parts of India farmers are complaining of declining incomes and
poor returns from agriculture as bumper harvests keep prices bearish while the
cost of production has sharply increased during the last year. According to the
agriculture secretary, the overall decline in net returns from farming can only
be stemmed by reducing the number of people dependent on agriculture.

"Agriculture contributes 14.5% of the GDP and supports 58% of the population.
This is unviable. Even if we double productivity it won't solve the problem.
Agriculture per se can't solve agriculture's problems. We have to reduce the
population dependent on agriculture from 58% to 40% to 20%," he said. The flip
side of good production is that the worry over food inflation is over to a large
extent.

"We have surpluses in all food items except milk, meat and some pulses like
gram. Overall, if we continue with our thrust on horticulture, dairy and meat,
there should be no funny food inflation figures in the near future," Basu said.
During the first four years of the 11th Plan, agriculture failed to meet the
target of 4%. However, striving for higher growth may be counter-productive if
it is not matched by equal increase in infrastructure and overseas market
linkages, he said.

"Even with a growth of 3.2%, we have an excess of production. Farmers are
throwing onions and potatoes on the road because there are no takers. So do we
need to grow at 4%? Where we need to focus is growth in milk, pulses, oilseeds
and meat where supply is less than demand. If we grow at 3.5%, we will be
self-sufficient and also have 5-10 million tonnes to spare for exports," he
added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Rural incomes to rise when fewer work for farm: Secretary

BYLINE: Nidhi Nath Srinivas

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 499 words


NEW DELHI: Downplaying the impact of drought in three states on national food
production, agriculture and cooperation secretary Prabeer Kumar Basu says the
number of people dependent on agriculture has to come down for rural incomes to
rise.

"We have sent our team for an assessment of the situation. None of this will
affect overall production because it will be compensated by the rest of India
where crop conditions are excellent. We will lose a little bit in coarse grain
and oilseeds. But we shall meet our overall production target of 245 million
tonnes," he said.

He expects India to meet this year's production target of 102 million tonnes for
rice, 17 million tonnes for coarse grain and exceed 84 million tonnes for wheat.
Maharashtra teeters on the brink while two other key states contributing to
grain production - Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh - have already declared a
drought, potentially exacerbating agrarian distress and adversely impacting food
prices.

Supply of pulses, sugarcane, oilseeds, soyabean and coarse grain such as bajra
and jowar, is likely to be hit, with production in the rabi season, or the
winter harvest, set to decline by 25% to 40%, compared with the previous year,
in the three states. This is on top of the decline seen during the kharif
season, or the autumn harvest.

Even in other parts of India farmers are complaining of declining incomes and
poor returns from agriculture as bumper harvests keep prices bearish while the
cost of production has sharply increased during the last year. According to the
agriculture secretary, the overall decline in net returns from farming can only
be stemmed by reducing the number of people dependent on agriculture.

"Agriculture contributes 14.5% of the GDP and supports 58% of the population.
This is unviable. Even if we double productivity it won't solve the problem.
Agriculture per se can't solve agriculture's problems. We have to reduce the
population dependent on agriculture from 58% to 40% to 20%," he said. The flip
side of good production is that the worry over food inflation is over to a large
extent.

"We have surpluses in all food items except milk, meat and some pulses like
gram. Overall, if we continue with our thrust on horticulture, dairy and meat,
there should be no funny food inflation figures in the near future," Basu said.
During the first four years of the 11th Plan, agriculture failed to meet the
target of 4%. However, striving for higher growth may be counter-productive if
it is not matched by equal increase in infrastructure and overseas market
linkages, he said.

"Even with a growth of 3.2%, we have an excess of production. Farmers are
throwing onions and potatoes on the road because there are no takers. So do we
need to grow at 4%? Where we need to focus is growth in milk, pulses, oilseeds
and meat where supply is less than demand. If we grow at 3.5%, we will be
self-sufficient and also have 5-10 million tonnes to spare for exports," he
added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

IFC Award to India's Jain Irrigation Highlights Development Benefits of
Sustainable Water Use

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 10 -- IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, honored India's Jain
Irrigation Systems Limited with the annual IFC Client Leadership Award, noting
the company's pioneering work to promote sustainable agriculture and raise
farmers' incomes through the efficient use of water, energy, and fertilizer.

At a ceremony in Washington, D.C., during Annual Meetings of the International
Monetary Fund and the World Bank, IFC Executive Vice President and CEO Lars
Thunell presented the award to Jain Managing Director Anil Jain. The award
recognizes IFC clients that share IFC's commitment to socially and
environmentally sustainable development and demonstrate innovation, operational
excellence, and strong corporate governance.

"We in Jain feel deeply honored," Anil Jain said. "The IFC Client Leadership
Award recognizes our groundbreaking efforts in increasing agriculture
productivity for small farmers and our vision of 'leave this world better than
you found it.' IFC's partnership as an investor and advisor is helping us
sustain our efforts to broaden this endeavor across a large spectrum of small
holders to enhance their incomes and to mitigate the environmental impact of
agriculture."

Jain introduced drip irrigation to India's agriculture and has grown to become
the world's second-largest player in the micro-irrigation industry. The use of
Jain's drip-irrigation technology has resulted in water savings equal to the
annual water consumption of more than 10 million households. In addition, it has
tailored its business model to include the poor-creating a supply chain of
25,000 small farmers, 90 percent of whom work with less than one hectare of
land. The use of drip irrigation has also led to efficiency gains that have
raised annual incomes for small farmers by up to $1,000.

Thunell said: "Jain Irrigation Systems is a global competitor whose inclusive
business model has helped raise incomes for thousands of small farmers, and
developed innovative technologies that address the challenges of water
conservation and sustainable agriculture. We are proud to be a partner to Jain
in this work."

Food production is the leading contributor to water scarcity, and it is most
affected by scarcity. Agriculture accounts for 70 percent of fresh-water usage
around the world. Finding ways to reduce the water footprint of food production
is central to addressing water scarcity. Drip irrigation is part of a
solution-its application leads to reductions of more than over 40 percent in
water use, compared with traditional flood irrigation. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                December 1, 2009

Farm incomes down by 28% this year

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


FARM Incomes have dropped by an average of 28% in the past year, according to
the IFA. And they say this comes on top of a 13% decrease in earnings last year.

IFA president Padraig Walshe has strongly hit out at "Government cuts, greedy
retailers and the un-competitive costs in the economy", which he says are all
contributing to the worst farm income crisis in a generation.

With many farm families facing desperate financial problems, Mr Walshe accused
the Government of being in denial over the dire income situation with their
severe cuts across vital farm schemes this year. "It is long past time that
agriculture minister Brendan Smith stood up and was counted around the cabinet
table."

The IFA president said the Minister for Agriculture must publicly address the
stark income crisis facing farmers, and reassure hard-pressed farm families that
REPS, Disadvantaged Areas and the Suck-ler Cow Welfare Scheme would be
maintained and fully-funded going into 2010. These schemes are essential to
maintain productive agriculture through this crisis, and 270,000 jobs in the
economy that depend on farming.

Padraig Walshe said the income reductions in the last two years have left the
average farm income at only

13,000 in 2009, with the income of full-time farmers at    16,000. This income
must provide for family living costs, pension payments and bank repayments, and
includes all of direct payments received by farmers.

He said average farm income is now one quarter of the average salary in the
public sector, which was on strike last Tuesday.

The IFA president strongly criticised some political and union lead-ers who he
said were living in cloud cuckoo land.

"They are misleading the public into believing that there is some crock of gold
in the private sector that can be tapped to meet the shortfall in the public
finances.

"The facts are that most farmers and small businesses are hanging on by their
fingernails and the Government must come forward with immediate action that
improves our competitiveness by reducing energy, labour, waste disposal and
bureaucracy costs."

Mr Walshe was also highly critical of the Government and state agencies,
including the Competition Authority and the National Consumer Agency, which have
been complicit in allowing the dominant retail multiples cannibalise farm
incomes and undermine the livelihoods of farm families across the country.

He said, "processors using the excuse of retailers and disastrous returns from
the marketplace is simply not good enough. Dairy and meat processors must stand
up for primary producers and stop giving away our produce to greedy retailers at
discounted prices."

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                                 July 10, 2016

Cooperative Fraternity Urged to Plant Trees

BYLINE: Samuel Nabwiiso

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: Kampala


Uganda's Minister of State for Agriculture, Christopher Kibanzanga has warned
that the attainment of the middle income status by 2020 will depend on the
extent at which the country will be able to lift a majority of her population
who depend on agriculture from the current dominant traditional methods of
farming.

"We are only remaining with 4 years to 2020, a year which the president said he
wants to see Ugandans migrate to middle income status, but with the current form
of technology being applied in agriculture especially by farmers is worrying and
we may miss that economic target unless we commercialize biotechnology
application in the sector," said Kibanzanga.

Kibanzanga sounded the warning during the Launch of the 20th Anniversary report
on commercialization of Biotechnology crops which was held in Kampala recently.

He said a majority of the country's population depends on the agriculture whose
Gross Domestic Product contribution to the country's economy is declining
because of soil infertility, land fragmentation among other catastrophes related
to climate change.

Kibanzanga said for farmers to shift into middle income status as anticipated,
they should be helped to adopt and embrace modern ways of farming which he said
require the adaptation of Biotechnology in the Agricultural sector.

President Museveni during the recently concluded general elections promised to
take Ugandans to a middle income class by 2020. To achieve this, government
pointed out sectors which will drive the country into middle income status
agriculture being one of them.

However, it is reported that the sector is performing at snail speed and if
nothing is done to boost the sectors performance; this may become an obstacle
that will hinder the government from attaining the above projected economic
status.

The poor performance within the agricultural has been attributed to outbreak of
diseases, climate change related challenges and over dependency on traditional
ways of both food and cash crop production.

Kibanzanga said over depending on traditional approaches of agricultural
production has exposed many Ugandans to food Insecurity because the yields from
their gardens cannot synchronies with demand for food at their homesteads thus
exposing many to starvation.

Citing Ruwenzori region as an example to drive his point home, Kibanzanga said
Ruwenzori region used to be the leading producer of cotton and maize but
currently there's not much produce.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            June 15, 2016 Wednesday

Mechanisms being evolved to tax agriculture income: Ayesha

BYLINE: NASIR JAMAL

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 167

LENGTH: 562  words


Punjab is developing database and putting in place efficient systems to tackle
problems in the way of proper implementation of tax on agriculture income from
2017-18.

We are working on it - developing mechanisms and putting in place efficient
systems - to levy the tax on agriculture income, provincial Finance Minister
Ayesha Ghaus Pasha told a post-budget press conference on Tuesday.

The province expects to achieve only 60 per cent of the target of Rs2.3 billion
set for tax on agriculture income this year. The target for the next fiscal year
remains unchanged.

The provinces, especially Punjab and Sindh, have drawn a lot of flak over the
past few years for their failure to effectively tax agriculture income.

In answer to a question, she said the provincial government was improving tax
administration and automating the systems to bring transparency and ease for
taxpayers and to spike collection of provincial taxes and levies.

She said the provincial tax policy aimed to tax the untaxed and under-taxed
sectors of the economy instead of increasing the burden on the existing
taxpayers.

Punjab is targeting to collect Rs184.4bn in tax revenues next year, up by 15pc
from the original estimates of Rs160.6bn for the outgoing fiscal year. Its tax
collection fell by just less than Rs10bn, or 6pc, to Rs150.8bn this year,
according to the budget documents for 2016-17.

The minister, who took pride in allocating just below 40pc, or Rs550bn, of the
provincial budget (of Rs1.452 trillion) for the next year, said it was in line
with the provincial government's 'strategic thinking' of creating jobs and woo
private investment in the province.

She repeated the details of the budgetary allocations for different sectors,
saying agriculture, clean drinking water and social sector remained priority
areas for the Punjab government.

In response to a question, she said the provincial authorities had taken up the
issue of non-payment of net hydel profits to the province. The federal
government has reached an agreement with the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government and
we are demanding our share of the net hydel profits according to that deal, she
added.

Punjab has been pitching net hydel profits as a resource in its non-tax revenues
for more than one and half decades, but the federal government is yet to pay a
single rupee to it on that count.

The provincial government had pitched Rs21bn as net hydel profits in the budget
for the present year. The amount has been raised to above Rs47bn, including
arrears of around Rs37bn in the next year's budget.

Avoiding a direct answer to the question if she had an alternate plan to offset
the impact of the shortfall in provincial revenues in case Islamabad didn't pay
the net hydel profits even next fiscal year, she said it was a constitutional
right of the province.

The minister also avoided a direct answer to the impact of the federal
requirement to produce a budgetary surplus of Rs175bn during the next fiscal
year on the provincial revenues and its development expenditure targets.

We will not compromise on our development programme and growth in the province
(under the Growth Strategy 2015-18).

Nor did she say anything on the focus of the provincial spending on large
infrastructure projects in Lahore and other cities in the central and northern
parts of the province at the cost of development in the impoverished south
Punjab.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Herald (South Africa)

                            September 3, 2012 Monday

Fewer hungry households in Eastern Cape

BYLINE: Lee-anne Butler

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 365 words



 ACCESS to food security has improved nationally and the proportion of
households in the Eastern Cape that experience hunger has decreased from 41.8%
in 2002 to 15.9% last year, a report by Statistics SA says.


 The report, GHS Series IV: Food Security and Agriculture, says the proportion
of South African households that experience hunger has steadily decreased from
23.8% in 2002 to 11.5% last year.
 About 21.1% of households still experienced inadequate access to food last year
and 6.5% reported severely inadequate access to food.
  In the Eastern Cape, 75% of households have adequate access to food while
17.3% have inadequate access and 7.7% have severely inadequate access.
 In the province, the main sources of household income are salaries (42.5%),
remittances (11.9%), pensions (1.8%), grants (37.9%) and other sources (4.9%).
One percent of Eastern Cape households have no income.
 The Eastern Cape also has the second-highest percentage of female-headed
households at 44.7%, after Limpopo's 49.2%.
 "It is disconcerting to note that 44.8% of households are poor enough to
receive various kinds of social grants," Stats SA deputy director-general for
population and social statistics Kefiloe Masiteng said.
 Households with diminished access to basic services - including the use of
unimproved sources of water and inadequate sanitation, as well as using
paraffin, wood or coal for cooking - are more likely to experience inadequate
access to food.
 The report says fewer than a quarter of households in the country are involved
in agriculture, including doing agriculture as a hobby.
 Nationally, only 1.6% of households participate in smallholder agriculture
(when households produce food to generate an income) while 18.4% of households
practise subsistence agriculture (when households engage in agriculture to
produce a main or additional source of food).
 The report says that despite being in one of the poorest provinces in the
country, households in Limpopo had better access to food than in any other
province.
 This is attributed to households in the province being more involved in
agriculture, particularly subsistence agriculture, compared to households in
other provinces.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Knight Ridder Washington Bureau

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Wealthy continue to get farm subsidies, GAO finds

BYLINE: Michael Doyle, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 763 words


Nov. 25--WASHINGTON -- Millionaire farmers continue to pluck crop subsidies they
don't deserve, federal investigators say.

At least 2,702 farmers nationwide received subsidies between 2003 and 2006 even
through they were making more than the $2.5 million gross income cutoff. The
unwarranted payments totaled $49 million and exposed enduring Agriculture
Department management problems, investigators concluded.

"USDA cannot be assured that millions of dollars in farm program payments it
made are proper," the Government Accountability Office investigators noted in
the report issued Monday.

In one case, investigators noted, "an individual with ownership interest in a
professional sports franchise received a total of more than $200,000 in farm
program payments for 2003, 2004, 2005 and 2006."

Other rich and unjustified crop subsidy recipients identified by investigators
included "a top executive of a major financial services firm," a "founder and
former executive of an insurance company" and a "former executive of a
technology company."

The department's Farm Services Agency stated in its official audit response that
it "made the best use of the resources available" and further stressed that the
reported improper payments amounted to less than 1 percent of total crop subsidy
payments.

But the critical findings do not entirely surprise activists who tried with
minimal success last year to restrain crop subsidies in the latest $286 billion
farm bill. They also underscore some of the major challenges facing whoever
President-elect Barack Obama taps as the new agriculture secretary.

"You have to have the right management team in place," former Agriculture
Secretary Ann Veneman said in an interview Monday.

No clear front-runner has yet appeared in the Agriculture Department
sweepstakes. When the new secretary takes office, he or she will find the latest
48-page GAO report figuratively sitting atop a stack of previous audits,
investigations and congressional hearing transcripts that convey a common
message.

"Without better oversight to ensure that farm program funds are spent as
economically, efficiently and effectively as possible, USDA had little assurance
that these funds benefit the agriculture sector as intended," the new report
warns.

Previous investigations likewise found loopholes and shortcomings in the
management of crop subsidies and other direct payments, which currently total
about $16 million annually. The payments favor Midwestern and Southern states
dominated by commodities such as wheat, corn, rice and cotton. Fruit and
vegetable growers don't receive direct subsidies.

California farmers, for instance, received $166 million and Florida farmers only
$11 million in 2005, according to a database compiled by the Environmental
Working Group. In wheat-rich Kansas, subsidies totaled $333 million.

The 2008 farm bill imposes some new income restrictions on these subsidy
recipients, while not going as far as self-styled reform groups hoped.

"There has been resistance to lessening farm subsidies, even when President Bush
proposed it," Veneman noted, adding that cracking down on overpayments "is also
a matter of enforcement."

Arizona, California, Florida, Illinois and Texas accounted for one-third of the
individuals receiving unwarranted subsidies, investigators found.

The new study matched IRS tax return data with payment records for 1.8 million
subsidy recipients, and also zeroed in on specific farm payments in Mississippi
and Louisiana. Of the 2,702 subsidy recipients whose average gross income
exceeded $2.5 million, 427 received potentially improper payments for every year
studied.

The improper recipients included a mix of corporations, partnerships and trusts,
although specific beneficiaries are not named.

Auditors attributed the problem in part to the Agriculture Department failing to
systematically check tax returns on subsidy recipients. Agriculture Department
officials retorted that they currently lack the legal authority to do so.

The 2008 bill changes the $2.5 million income cutoff for subsidy recipients.
Now, subsidies are banned to farmers with off-farm income exceeding $500,000 or
on-farm income exceeding $750,000.

To see more stories from the McClatchy Washington Bureau, go to
http://www.mcclatchydc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, McClatchy Newspapers
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081125-WA-FARM-SUBSIDIES-20081125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WA


                 Copyright 2008 Knight Ridder Washington Bureau


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Golden yields - Focusing on agriculture alone will not improve farm incomes

BYLINE: Shubhashis Gangopadhyay

LENGTH: 1214  words


The recent budget talked about the government's plan to double farm incomes in
the next five years. This will be done through investments in rural
infrastructure, especially irrigation. About 50 per cent of land under foodgrain
production in India is irrigated. This means that half of the foodgrain
producing land in India faces weather uncertainties and, hence, those working on
them face annual (seasonal) variations in income. These variations could be huge
- from bumper harvests to complete wipe-outs if there is a flood or drought.
Irrigation will at least mitigate the effects of a drought. Floods, however, can
wreak havoc on both irrigated and unirrigated lands. The best interpretation of
the government's promise, therefore, is one of doubling, in five years' time,
the income earned by the farmer in a normal year.



The Indian landmass has been historically described as highly fertile. However,
if we are to compare India's land productivity with that of other countries, the
picture is quite dismal. India ranks 27 in rice yield, behind Brazil and China
and 19 in wheat yield, behind China and South Africa. There is, thus, a lot of
scope in improving Indian yields; indeed, if India could reach Chinese yield
rates, we need only half of the current land devoted to rice to produce what we
are producing now. Irrigation will certainly go a long way in getting us there.

However, public irrigation alone will not work. It also needs other inputs like
fertilizers, seeds, labour and farm equipment. Farmers would also need better
storage and marketing systems to move the produce off the farm and get the
farmers sufficient value for their crops. All of these are costly and the
farmers will need to have access to, and be able to afford the costs of, these
complementary inputs. The recent budget does mention these though it is not
clear how these would be addressed. The budget does talk of a uniform and
modified Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee Act that states will be
encouraged to pass. Such an act has been in the offing for quite some time now
but, like the goods and services tax, all the states are not yet on board.

If the problem was simply a technological and marketing issue, and the
government over the next few years delivered on its commitment, the budget
promise could materialize. Unfortunately, focusing on agriculture alone may
actually reduce, rather than increase, farmer incomes. Increasing agricultural
output will lead to a fall in prices. This fall in prices is often more than the
increase in yield, leading to a fall in the revenue (price times quantity) and
hence, income, to the farmer. This is especially true for foodgrains which
suffer from what economists refer to as inelastic demand.

This can be arrested somewhat by introducing minimum support prices for each
type of crop. For the MSP to be effective, it has to be above the market price.
The government will then procure at the MSP but release the produce to the
market at a lower price. This will mean an increased subsidy bill. The MSP also
has the added problem of distorting crop choice on land. This is evident in the
falling water table experiences of Punjab which has become a major paddy
producing area though it is, traditionally, not a paddy-producing region.

Earlier, we stated that if India reaches China's yield rates, we will need only
half the land that we now devote to rice in India. If the farmers on the other
half of the land did not produce any rice, then the income of those continuing
to produce rice, on land with China's yield rates, will indeed double. Herein
lies the crux of the solution the government needs to work out to double farm
incomes. We need to reduce the number of farmers, the amount of land cultivated
and the number of landless labourers working in agriculture. The latest census
tells us that more than 55 per cent of workers are either cultivators or
agricultural labourers (sometimes both). Coupled with the observation that
agriculture and allied activities (which is more than farming) contribute 17 per
cent to the gross domestic product, it is not very difficult to understand why
agriculturalists as a class are at the bottom of the heap in India.

For those whose full-time economic activity is in agriculture, the most
important asset is land. Ambedkar, writing as far back as 1918, had warned us of
dire consequences if people were not taken out of agriculture. At that time, the
British were held responsible for India's deindustrialization and forcing people
back on to the land. Since land was the only valuable asset for a large
proportion of the population, it was also the most important inheritance.
Ambedkar was worried that, unless succeeding generations had other economic
activities to turn to, land would continue to get sub-divided and fragmented and
the farmers' lot would go from bad to worse with the passage of time. During
Ambedkar's time, 71 per cent of the Indian population was in agriculture but
many European countries also had more than 50 per cent of the population
similarly occupied.

If we are to assume that all households had the same size (number of members)
and the same number of workers, then 71 per cent of the population will mean
that 71 per cent of the workers were involved in agriculture around 1918. After
about 100 years since Ambedkar's warning, close to 70 of which has been without
the British in charge, we have reduced the dependence on agriculture to one
where 57 per cent of the workers are either cultivators or agricultural
labourers.

So, we still have a huge pressure on land and it is getting worse by the day.
This is because of two facts: (a) we have a growing population and (b) we are
not adding new land to our land mass. The average holding in India in 1970-71
was 2.29 hectares; in 2010-11 it fell to 1.15 hectares. In 40 years, or in
roughly two plus generations, the average farmer has half the land to cultivate.
India describes its farmers as marginal (owning less than one hectare), small
(between one and two hectares), semi-medium (between two and four hectares),
medium (between four and 10 hectares) and large (above 10 hectares). In these 40
years, the number of marginal farmers have increased by 156 per cent, small by
84 per cent and semi-medium by 30 per cent. The numbers of medium and large
farmers have fallen by 26 per cent and 65 per cent. And, the average holding in
each of these categories has fallen, respectively, by 4, 1, 3, 5 and 4 per cent.
In short, agriculture may not be the place where the rich are getting richer and
the poor poorer.

Focusing on agriculture alone to better the plight of farmers could become a
lost cause. Since the amount of the productive asset owned by an individual is
falling over time, the income earned by each owner is also decreasing. To arrest
this decline, these owners must be given other productive assets, like education
and skill and, of course, good health. This will enable them to sell off their
land and move into other economic activities. Only then will those remaining in
agriculture be able to earn higher incomes through higher yields. Otherwise, we
will spend public money, increase yield and see our farm incomes continue to
diminish.

The author is Research Director, India Development Foundation

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      January 14, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

NEW FEDERAL FARM AID 'COMPLETELY INADEQUATE'

BYLINE: Ken Trimble

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 646 words



$1 billion is old money in disguise


CANADIAN PRESS

RED DEER, Alta. - Ottawa will pony up $1 billion over the next two years
yesterday to help cash-crunched farmers - but critics complain it is inadequate
and even less than what the federal government is offering now.

''The dollar figure is completely inadequate - woefully inadequate,'' said
Saskatchewan Premier Roy Romanow.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief, who announced the aid program at an
Alberta farm group's meeting, must now sell it to his provincial counterparts in
Ottawa today.

In Saskatoon, Romanow was already saying the battle is not over. ''The most
immediate step is with the ministers of agriculture . . . they've got to hash
this out and see if we can change some minds,'' he said.

Ontario Agriculture Minister Ernie Hardeman said the plan is just the old AIDA -
Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance program - renewed with less money.

Farm aid money currently comes through three programs: AIDA, crop insurance and
the Net Income Stabilization Account.

'Let's do what we can with the resources we have because there is no more from
the federal government.'

Lyle Vanclief

The farm aid program, which expired at the end of December, outraged many
producers who complained that it didn't give money to those in need. And many
who did qualify are still waiting for cheques.

Manitoba Premier Gary Doer said the money is inadequate but was pleased Ottawa
will maintain the current funding formula and pay 60 per cent of the bill. The
provinces will cover the rest.

Stuart Wells of the National Farmers Union had a dire warning. ''If the next
programs are equally underfunded (as AIDA), it could be the kiss of death for a
lot of Saskatchewan farmers,'' he said from Swift Current, Sask.

Vanclief came out swinging against his critics.

''We know the situation is still a crisis situation, particularly for grains and
oilseed producers, but we also know there's a limit to resources and it is just
not an endless pot of money,'' he said on CBC Newsworld. ''Let's get on and
let's do what we can with the resources we have because there is no more from
the federal government.''

Prairie grain farmers, hammered by subsidies to foreign competitors that have
cut world commodity prices, have been facing their worst crisis since the
Depression.

'If the next programs are equally underfunded (as AIDA), it could be the kiss of
death for a lot of Saskatchewan farmers.'

Stuart Wells

Last fall, Doer and Romanow appealed to Prime Minister Jean Chretien for a $1
billion bailout, which was flatly rejected.

But now the Liberals face an embarrassment of riches with growing surpluses
expected to total $95 billion over the next five years.

The new program, when coupled with provincial outlays, will see spending on farm
safety nets rise to as much as $3.6 billion for the next two years.

In Edmonton, Alberta Premier Ralph Klein said he hopes the plan will not have a
lot of bureaucratic barriers to hinder farmers from getting the federal money.

He said Alberta has already helped its farmers with a $100-million stop-gap
program of loans last October.

Romanow and Doer also expressed concern that the plan seems to give in to
demands by Ontario for a bigger share, which could take funds away from Prairie
farmers.

''I understand Ontario for the first time in a long time will be getting a
fairer share of the dollars for the farmers,'' said Premier Mike Harris. The
premier did take exception to the farm aid package being called a disaster or a
relief package.

''This situation our farmers are facing is not due to weather. This is a trade
issue and as such the federal government needs to take the lead and I hope this
package today will do that,'' he said.

With files from The Star's Richard Brennan


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 17, 1998

Government throws lifeline to farmers;
Brown unveils emergency aid package with warning of need for shake-up of EU
agriculture

BYLINE: James Meikle

SECTION: The Guardian Home Page; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 688 words


THE Government yesterday threw hard hit farmers a pounds 120 million lifeline
but warned their future could be secured only by a shake-up in European
agriculture.

Nick Brown, the Agriculture Minister, unveiled an emergency aid package that
will provide further subsidies for livestock farmers, particularly in the hills,
and the extra use of EU funds to balance currency fluctuations.

He made clear the cash, half from the European Union, was meant to help farmers
"through exceptionally difficult times" which have seen the industry sink to its
worst depression since the 1930s.

Farmers' leaders welcomed the package as a safety net for some "teetering on the
brink of financial collapse" while conservationists warned the help was "little
more than a sticking plaster over a long-term problem".

Mr Brown accepted farmers had suffered from a marked deterioration in business
as well as poor weather that had delayed the sale of their animals to an already
overcrowded market.

The export ban on beef imposed by the EU in 1996 because of the BSE crisis had
been followed by the collapse of export markets for sheep and pigs due to the
strong pound and financial crises in Russia and the Far East.

The package comes on top of other aid, worth pounds 150 million, provided in
recent months.

Farmers get about pounds 2.3 billion a year through EU Common Agriculture Policy
arrangements. Help with anti-BSE measures accounted for another pounds 1.3
billion help over the last two years.

Government figures reveal average farm incomes dipped by nearly 40 per cent from
pounds 24,600 in 1996/97 to pounds 15,000 in 1997/98 and this financial year's
figures are expected to be much worse. Only cereal farmers are earning more in
real terms than they were in the early 1990s, and even their incomes have dived
recently.

The hill farming initiative, representing farmers across the north of England,
says the pounds 8,400 average income for cattle and beef farms in the hills
could have dropped well below pounds 4,000 before the effects of the new help
are felt.

Yesterday's measures could, for instance, increase payments to hill farmers with
adult beef cows by about a third on 1997 levels.

Mr Brown hoped EU ministers would next week pave the way for an end to the beef
export ban imposed when the then Tory government admitted a possible link
between BSE in cattle and new variant CJD in humans.

The aid demonstrated the Government's commitment to rural communities but
trading conditions would remain tough and the longer term future depended on
reform for more competitive and sustainable agriculture.

"It must reduce the burden imposed by the Common Agriculture Policy on consumers
and taxpayers and it must free resources for better targeted measures to support
the rural economy and enhance the environment," Mr Brown said.

He also made it clear that ministers were keeping a close eye on the Office of
Fair Trading's investigation into allegations that supermarkets have not passed
on big cuts in farm gate prices to consumers.

Tim Yeo, Opposition agriculture spokesman, welcomed the announcement. But he
told Mr Brown in the Commons: "The reason this second farm rescue package in a
year is needed is because the downturn in farm incomes, like the downturn in the
economy, was made in Downing Street. The level of the pound during the last 18
months has been a far more important cause of falling farm incomes than the
weather.

"Will you confirm the total value of this package barely matches the underspend
on the agriculture budget during the last two years?"

Ben Gill, president of the National Farmers' Union, said the package could not
cure the ills of all farmers. "We need continued government and Bank of England
action to put downward pressure on interest rates and sterling, particularly
against EU currencies."

He accepted farmers needed to do more to promote their own products and co
-operate in reform of EU farm policy.

The Council for the Protection of Rural England said farmers needed to be
supported as "stewards of the countryside".


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 17, 1998

Government throws lifeline to farmers;
Brown unveils emergency aid package with warning of need for shake-up of EU
agriculture

BYLINE: JAMES MEIKLE

SECTION: The Guardian Home Page; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 688 words


THE Government yesterday threw hard hit farmers a pounds 120 million lifeline
but warned their future could be secured only by a shake-up in European
agriculture.

Nick Brown, the Agriculture Minister, unveiled an emergency aid package that
will provide further subsidies for livestock farmers, particularly in the hills,
and the extra use of EU funds to balance currency fluctuations.

He made clear the cash, half from the European Union, was meant to help farmers
"through exceptionally difficult times" which have seen the industry sink to its
worst depression since the 1930s.

Farmers' leaders welcomed the package as a safety net for some "teetering on the
brink of financial collapse" while conservationists warned the help was "little
more than a sticking plaster over a long-term problem".

Mr Brown accepted farmers had suffered from a marked deterioration in business
as well as poor weather that had delayed the sale of their animals to an already
overcrowded market.

The export ban on beef imposed by the EU in 1996 because of the BSE crisis had
been followed by the collapse of export markets for sheep and pigs due to the
strong pound and financial crises in Russia and the Far East.

The package comes on top of other aid, worth pounds 150 million, provided in
recent months.

Farmers get about pounds 2.3 billion a year through EU Common Agriculture Policy
arrangements. Help with anti-BSE measures accounted for another pounds 1.3
billion help over the last two years.

Government figures reveal average farm incomes dipped by nearly 40 per cent from
pounds 24,600 in 1996/97 to pounds 15,000 in 1997/98 and this financial year's
figures are expected to be much worse. Only cereal farmers are earning more in
real terms than they were in the early 1990s, and even their incomes have dived
recently.

The hill farming initiative, representing farmers across the north of England,
says the pounds 8,400 average income for cattle and beef farms in the hills
could have dropped well below pounds 4,000 before the effects of the new help
are felt.

Yesterday's measures could, for instance, increase payments to hill farmers with
adult beef cows by about a third on 1997 levels.

Mr Brown hoped EU ministers would next week pave the way for an end to the beef
export ban imposed when the then Tory government admitted a possible link
between BSE in cattle and new variant CJD in humans.

The aid demonstrated the Government's commitment to rural communities but
trading conditions would remain tough and the longer term future depended on
reform for more competitive and sustainable agriculture.

"It must reduce the burden imposed by the Common Agriculture Policy on consumers
and taxpayers and it must free resources for better targeted measures to support
the rural economy and enhance the environment," Mr Brown said.

He also made it clear that ministers were keeping a close eye on the Office of
Fair Trading's investigation into allegations that supermarkets have not passed
on big cuts in farm gate prices to consumers.

Tim Yeo, Opposition agriculture spokesman, welcomed the announcement. But he
told Mr Brown in the Commons: "The reason this second farm rescue package in a
year is needed is because the downturn in farm incomes, like the downturn in the
economy, was made in Downing Street. The level of the pound during the last 18
months has been a far more important cause of falling farm incomes than the
weather.

"Will you confirm the total value of this package barely matches the underspend
on the agriculture budget during the last two years?"

Ben Gill, president of the National Farmers' Union, said the package could not
cure the ills of all farmers. "We need continued government and Bank of England
action to put downward pressure on interest rates and sterling, particularly
against EU currencies."

He accepted farmers needed to do more to promote their own products and co
-operate in reform of EU farm policy.

The Council for the Protection of Rural England said farmers needed to be
supported as "stewards of the countryside".


LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Ex-Secretaries Call Ag Woes Worst Since '30s

                            March 30, 1982, Tuesday

By LISA J. Mc CUE

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Four past agriculture secretaries told Congress Monday that the economic
problems of the American farmer are more severe now than they have been since
the 1930s.

The former agriculture officials agreed that the long-term outlook for
agriculture in the United States is good, but that short-term problems are
threatening to put many farmers out of business.

''It is safe to predict that percentage-wise, the loss of farms through
foreclosure and other distress procedures will be greater in 1982 than in any
year since the Great Depression,'' Charles F. Brannan, secretary of agriculture
from 1948 to 1952, told a subcommittee of the Joint Economic Committee.

Mr. Brannan told the subcommitte on agriculture and transportation that the net
income of the American farmer today is about one-third of what it was in 1952.

He said that income for American farmers in 1982 will fall between $13.5 billion
and $18 billion dollars. He compared that with the reported net income for
farmers in 1952, when average earnings equaled $14.4 billion.

Above 100% of Parity

''The consumer price index for all items has increased 350% since 1952,
therefore in constant dollars, income for 1982 will be about one-third of what
it was in 1952,'' Mr. Brannan explained.

He added that during that last year of the Truman Administration, the average
price of all agricultural products remained above 100% of parity -- a level that
Mr. Brannan said has not been reached since.

Earl Butz, secretary of agriculture for the Ford Administration, told the
suubcommittee Monday that the prices for farm products have currently dropped
7.6% below where they were last year, while the cost index for farmers has
increased 4.1% during the same period.

Mr. Butz said inflation has hurt farming more than any other business sector in
this country, adding that farmers are currently $200 billion in debt.

$6 Billion Cost Cut

''If we reduced interest rates by just 3%,'' he told the subcommittee, ''it
would mean a $6 billion reduction in farming costs.''

''It would constitute a tremendous opportunity for farmers to increase their
income levels,'' Mr. Butz said.

He added that 66% of the price of a food item goes to marketing -- to
transportation, taxes, interest costs, enery, and labor.

''We must attack innovations in marketing that drive costs up for consumers,
while not sharing profits with the food producers [farmers],'' Mr. Butz said.

Robert Bergland, who was agriculture secretary from 1977 to 1981, and Orville
Freeman, who held that post during the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations, gave
similar testimony on the plight of agriculture in the U.S.

The subcommitte hearing Monday on the state of the agriculture industry was the
first in a series of five intended to study current problems.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 471 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

Agri profit grows over 100pc; tax ratio below 1pc

BYLINE:  SALMAN ABDUHOO

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 44

LENGTH: 792  words


The agriculture sector contributes over 23 percent to the country's Gross
Domestic Production and yet accounts for less than 1 percent of the government
revenues.

The gross profitability for agriculture products such as cotton, sugar and wheat
have increased by 100, 63 and 52 percent respectively during the last two years
but tax collection from the sector remains minimal despite the fact that it
continues to enjoy subsidized inputs and freedom to charge prices above
international prices, experts said.

"Since 2008, gross profit earned on all major crops has improved considerably,
-cotton 4.5x growth, sugarcane 63 percent, wheat 52 percent and rice 21 percent-
whilst taking into account increases in costs, they said.

They observed that the taxation on agriculture sector has always been negligible
and the share of federal tax collection from agriculture sector has been only
0.12 percent of GDP in 2003-2004. Noted economist Dr Ashfaq Hassan Khan pointed
out that the low share indicated that the entire value-added chain in the
agriculture sector is nearly tax-exempted. He argued that although agriculture's
share in national income exceeds 23 percent, revenue raised from the sector is
negligible. With limited tax potential of many subsistence farmers, the land
revenue system needs to be replaced by agricultural income tax for any
significant increase in revenues from this sector.

Experts are of the view that continuous rise in fertilizer prices as well as
recently imposed taxation on agriculture inputs are cited as potential drawbacks
for agriculture sector. However it is important to understand that over the last
3 years, crop prices have rallied significantly, resulting in improved farm
payrolls of late while

Further, certain crops such as sugarcane have been known to trade above the
notified support price. For example currently it is rumoured that sugarcane
prices demanded by farmers is around Rs200 per maund instead of the defined
Rs100/maund.

Thus while the rising crop prices is beneficial for inducing modern farming
techniques, taxation of some inputs is unlikely to cause any significant dent in
crop feasibilities. Furthermore, current price trends indicate that the
input-output gap continues to widen which begs the question whether agriculture
should continue to enjoy tax benefits and significant subsidies. Given this
framework, the recently announced imposition of GST on tractors, fertilizer and
pesticides appears to be a step in the right direction -however it is late step,
Dr Ashfaq said.

Pakistan's tax to GDP still stands at a dismal 10 percent and policy framework
should start targeting agriculture, instead of imposing additional taxes on the
already taxed. Thus with FY11-12 budget around the corner, it remains to be seen
if any concrete steps are announced in this direction; for which most economic
thinktanks propose imposition of 10 percent WHT on agriculture produce as a bare
minimum, said Hamad Aslam, an economist, in a note.

He observed that overall, three major increases in fertilizer prices have taken
place over the last 2 years; gas curtailment which began on Apr10, continuation
of gas curtailment to fertilizers announced in Dec10 and last but not the least
GST applicability on fertilizers.

Although cumulatively the urea price increases has been significant, 48 percent
since Dec09, increasing crop prices allow for easy absorption of the increase.

Although crop prices have increased across the board, cotton and sugar crop
profitability have increased the most over the last 3 years. While agrarian
output prices continue to head north, it is pertinent to note that the increases
have more than offset the price increases due to increasing fertilizer prices.

Farming feasibilities have improved as a result of the widening input-output gap
which has incentivized farmers to expand agrarian practices.

Improved farming margins have aided in growth of rural incomes which continues
to be one of the most subsidized economic subsectors. As a result rural incomes
have catapulted much faster than historically witnessed. On the other hand,
Jamshaid Iqbal Cheema, an agri expert and Chairman Pakistan Agricultural
Scientists Association said that govt had assured them to impose tax on agri
income but instead of that it has imposed tax on agri inputs, which result into
reduction in yielding of crop. He said whenever crop production is decreased by
10 percent the price of it jumps by 30 percent.

He said the draconian measure of taxing-the-already-taxed for generating the
additional revenue on the dictates of IMF would give a bad name to the
government as the prices of a number of items including clothes, shoes,
fertilizers, sports goods and tractors would be going up in coming days.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

'Ensure income guarantee for all farm households'

LENGTH: 374  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 7 -- Ahead of the forthcoming general elections, farmer
organisations have demanded that the new Government ensure income guarantee and
promote ecological sustainability in farming.
 In their charter of demands being placed before all political parties for
inclusion in manifestos, over 100 farmer organisations, including the Bharatiya
Kisan Union, said there should be a guaranteed minimum living income for all
farm households.


 "The new Government should set up a Farm Income Commission to oversee and
ensure minimum living incomes accrue to all farm households," said Saroj Mohanty
of Paschim Odisha Krushak Sanghatan Samanvay Samithi. There should be a revamp
of the current price support system with correct valuation of costs incurred by
farmers, reasonable margins over such costs and to include living costs, with
procurement made effective and expansive.
 "The average monthly income of majority of the farmers is far less than their
average expenditure, making it difficult for most farm households to make their
ends meet," Mohanty said, adding that around 2,300 farmers are quitting
agriculture on a daily basis, triggering migration to cities. As a result, the
country's food security and livelihood security for the farmers are at a risk.
 Support price
 Stressing the need to make farming more profitable, Kavita Kuruganti of the
Alliance for Sustainable and Holistic Agriculture, said the Government should
intervene when prices go below the minimum support price (MSP) levels. " What is
the point in increasing food production if the farmers are not benefited by it.
The MSP should have a statutory basis. Any trading below the MSP levels should
be considered illegal," she added.
 Kuruganti said the Government should also focus on promoting ecological farming
to make agriculture more sustainable. The current intensive agriculture
practice, using high chemicals, water and energy cannot be sustained for long
and was leading to high indebtedness and turning risky, she added.
 Rohtas Rathee, National Secretary of the Bharatiya Kisan Union, said
acquisition of fertile land for setting up industry should be stopped. "We are
not against industry, but we don't want farmers to give away their fertile land"
he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 11, 1998, Friday, METRO EDITION

Farms in crisis get cash rescue $1.5 billion will ease the 'stress'

BYLINE: By Valerie Lawton Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 938 words


   OTTAWA - Canadian farmers will get up to $1.5 billion emergency aid package
to help them survive the worst crisis they've faced since the Great Depression.

"This package will go a good way towards relieving that stress," Agriculture
Minister Lyle Vanclief said yesterday after receiving cabinet approval for up to
$900 million in new federal money.

The money will be handed out over two years to farmers who have been hit the
worst by plunging prices for farm commodities, such as hogs and grain.

Vanclief had few details to offer, saying he still needs to talk to provincial
governments which will be expected to kick in $600 million.

"I'm confident at the end of negotiations that that will be worked out and
provinces will be on board with their 40 per cent," Vanclief said.

Those negotiations aren't going to be easy.

Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's agriculture minister, says his province can't
afford to bail out farmers in his province. He points out that Saskatchewan has
3 per cent of the country's tax base and 47 per cent of the farm land.

"The proportional share per capita here on a 60-40 split across this country is
way out of range with anybody else in this country," he told Canadian Press.

"This simply isn't fair. This is our ice storm. This is our cod stock loss. . .
. I'm going to continue to be stubborn on this because I am a believer in equity
across this country."

It's not yet clear when cheques will be mailed to farmers.

Vanclief has said it won't be until after farmers have filed their income tax
forms in the spring, but he suggested yesterday that talks with the provinces
may lead to some money getting out earlier than that.

Ontario Agriculture Minister Noble Villeneuve announced yesterday the province
will be putting money into the hands of Ontario's worst-hit farmers within six
weeks. The interim provincial package is worth $40 million.

Villeneuve said Queen's Park will begin paying out "advance funds" as part of
its 40 per cent share in February.

The initial payments will then be adjusted after final calculations are carried
out using income tax returns.

About 4,500 hog producers across Ontario will be eligible for $30 million by the
end of the current fiscal year, next March 31. Another $10 million will be paid
out in the year beginning next April 1.

Villeneuve said payouts will be capped at yet-to-be-determined levels, a move
that will shortchange some large, commercial farms with shareholders.

The minister said he'd hoped Ottawa would ante up $1 billion but yesterday's
announcement is "close to what we thought it should be."

Deputy agriculture ministers are expected to meet early next week. Vanclief
hopes to be able to tell farmers more about what kind of help they can expect
before Christmas.

Ken Kelly, vice-president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, said the
cash would help calm nervous farmers as well as their jittery suppliers.

"It's going to put bankability, or some solidity, into the work each farmer and
their lenders are going to have to do, whether that lender is the feed mill, or
the equipment dealer, or the bank."

A national farm group welcomed the aid, but said it won't be enough to save all
farmers.

"There will be quite a few bankruptcies," said Jack Wilkinson, president of the
Canadian Federation of Agriculture. "There are people who are already packing it
in."

Some desperate hog farmers have killed their piglets rather than go further into
debt by raising them.

The federation expects help will kick in when a farmer's gross margin - a
measure of farm income - falls to less than 70 per cent of an average over the
last three or five years.

The assistance would bring the gross margin back up to that 70 per cent level.

Bill Davies, the Chair of the Grey Bruce Drought Relief Committee calls the $40
million earmarked for Ontario farmers a "pittance."

"I can tell you, it won't even cover the losses in our little area, but at least
it's a start," he said.

Of the 1,000 farmers his committee has surveyed in an 80-kilometre radius of
Owen Sound, 80 per cent have suffered a significant impact from drought-like
conditions this year.

Davies also questions the formula of basing the relief on the farm's average
income for the last three to four years.

"Some of our farmers have had some bad years making no profit at all, 70 per
cent of nothing is nothing," he said.

Farm income in Canada is expected to be down about 20 per cent from last year.
Next year is expected to be just as bad or worse than this one.

The hardest hit provinces are Saskatchewan, where income has plunged 70 per
cent, and Manitoba, where it's down 50 per cent.

In Ontario, pig farmers are losing about $6 million a week.

Each pig that leaves the farm for market represents a $60 hole in a farmer's
pocket. It costs $120 to feed and raise an animal that's fetching $60.

World hog prices have collapsed to their lowest levels in three decades - in
large part because of economic turmoil in Asia and Russia.

Not all farmers are feeling the same pain. Chicken and dairy prices, for
example, haven't been hit.

An Agriculture Canada study released this week showed farm bankruptcies were
actually lower during the first half of this year than last year. It also showed
the average income of farm families is growing faster than that of urban
families.

Agricultural lobby groups have asked for a permanent farm income program that
would kick in each time disaster strikes.

With files from Roberta Avery and Canadian Press

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (PG A36) CP COLOUR PHOTO: LYLE VANCLIEF: Agriculture minister, pictured
yesterday, seeks provincial co-operation.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

PR GIVES DETAILS OF TAXES PAID BY PM & FAMILY

LENGTH: 253  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Federal Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid Friday gave details of income tax
paid by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and PTI Chairman Imran Khan, saying Khan by
living in glass house should not throw stones at others.

Addressing a press conference here, the Information Minister said there is huge
difference between taxes paid by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Chairman
Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf Imran Khan. Responding to allegations leveled by Imran
Khan about the Prime Minister's taxes, Pervaiz Rashid said the sugar mills of
Nawaz Sharif paid Rs 2 billion, 44 crore, 70 lac, 70 thousand, five hundred and
forty-three during 2005 and 2014. He said the Prime Minister also paid three
crore twenty three lakh fifty two thousand six hundred and sixty four rupees as
Income Tax and Agriculture Tax. Of this agriculture tax was Rs 66,74173. Pervaiz
Rashid said the family of the Prime Minister including Begum Kalsoom Nawaz and
Maryam Nawaz deposited Rs 54,65,24,500 taxes.

He said during 2014 the Prime Minister paid tax amounting to Rs 26,95,912 in
addition to Rs 20,42,000 agriculture tax.

The total tax paid by the Prime Minister during one year comes to Rs 47,38,753.
The information minister said during this period, Imran Khan who lives like King
having three palatial houses paid a meagre amount of Rs 1,94,939 as income tax.
He said Imran showed agriculture income of Rs 23,50,000 but defaulted the
agriculture tax by showing liabilities of five lakh rupees and thus "My Feudal
Lord" defaulted in the agriculture tax.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               September 18, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Investment delivers growth says Bryan;
SUPPORTING FARMING STIMULATES ECONOMY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 347 words


ADDRESSING the Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform
last week, IFA President John Bryan said the clear message from the farming
sector is that Government support for farmers provides a sustainable stimulus
for the Irish economy, which will drive export growth and job creation.

He said; "Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets,
there has been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013.
This comes at a time when Ireland is experiencing a general fall in
manufacturing exports".

John Bryan said underpinning this growth is a primary agriculture sector that is
delivering a high quality, sustainable raw material to the food sector.
Agriculture contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is of
particular importance in the rural economy. "However, farming remains a
lowincome sector, and the importance of farm schemes to farm income and
production must not be forgotten.

A combination of dreadful weather conditions which continued into spring 2013,
soaring input costs and the resulting fodder crisis impacted heavily on
profitability and output at farm level."

"  Recently published figures by Teagasc's National Farm Survey estimate that
average family farm income in 2012 fell by 15% compared to 2011. Many farmers
have come under severe cashflow problems as a result.

In addition, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts, and cuts to
farm schemes in particular, is challenging the viability of thousands of low-
income family farms. Cuts to farm schemes impact directly on farm income and
have a negative knock-on effect on production decisions on-farm.

Total funding for the agriculture budget has been reduced by a greater
percentage than any other major Government department. Since 2008, total funding
for agriculture has been cut by 41.2%, compared to an average reduction across
all Government departments of 12.6%.

The facts are that the proportionate spend on the agriculture since 2004 has
fallen by 25% (from 3.04% in 2004 of the total national budget to 2.26% in
2013).

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Speed up transferring of agri tech to land from lab: Agriculture Minister

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: New York






    New Delhi: Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh on Saturday called upon
farm scientists to speed up efforts to transfer technologies from the lab to the
grassroots level in an effort to double farmers' income in the next five years.



    Addressing the 88th Foundation Day of the Indian Council of Agricultural
Research (ICAR) here, Singh said, "Our government has targeted doubling farmers'
income by 2022. We will focus on not only agriculture but allied sectors to
achieve this goal."

    Stating that integrated farming is solution for raising farmers' income, the
minister said the government will promote this in 101 ICAR institutes spread
across the country and showcase farmers its benefits.

    "A family can save up to Rs 3 lakh a year by doing integrated farming," he
said.

    Emphasising on the role of technology in raising the farm output, the
minister said, "We have to speed up efforts to transfer the technology from lab
to land. I urge all scientists and institutes to focus on this and ensure
marketing of new products in a big way."

    He also said allied activities like poultry, fishery and dairy will be the
focus area for supplementing the farm income.

    Three ministers of state for agriculture Parshottam Rupala, S S Ahluwalia
and Sudarshan Bhagat, and ICAR Director General Trilochan Mohapatra were
present.

    These ministers also gave away 2016 ICAR awards in 19 categories to 119
scientists, farmers and journalists.

    It may be noted that the award ceremony saw some lack of staff coordination
and preparedness, with officials scrambling to find the recipients concerned for
their awards.




LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                October 15, 2013

Ezekwesili Lauds FG On Devt in Agriculture

LENGTH: 282 words

DATELINE: Lagos


Former Vice-President of the World Bank, Dr Obiageli Ezekwesili, on Friday
lauded the Federal Government's emphasis on agricultural development in the
country.

Ezekwesili said that the focus on agricultural development was doing a lot to
empower farmers across the country.

She added that the current emphasis had redirected the focus of more than 60 per
cent of the population into agriculture and related businesses.

"I think the emphasis that government is giving to agriculture and agribusiness
is very good. I applaud them (officials) for the emphasis on agriculture,
agribusiness and enhancing productivity.

"Because, frankly, already we have more than 60 per cent of our citizens in
agriculture.

"So, if you want to tackle poverty, go to the sector where the people who are
mostly poor are operating, and it's in agriculture.

"So, you go to that informal sector of agriculture, you provide them with the
kind of tools and the kinds of facilities, the extension services, the links to
the market, the seeds and inputs, the access to credit.

"The better business environment, all of these add together to improve their
productivity, and therefore, will improve their income.

"Because when you enhance the income of the farmers, what it means is that they
have more money that they can spend even in offering education to their
children.

"So that circle of activities is so important for taking the entire society out
of poverty.

"You don't lift people out of poverty; you give people what they need in order
to lift themselves out of poverty."

She also urged the government at all levels to make more efforts to boost
agricultural development in the country in order to reduce the rate of poverty.
(NAN)

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 6, 2000 Thursday Final Edition

Ottawa, provinces give $5.5B in farm aid: Package intended to take some of risk
out of farming

SOURCE: CP

BYLINE: Chris Morris

SECTION: Canada; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: Fredericton

Canada's agriculture ministers have signed a multibillion-dollar agreement
designed to take at least some of the uncertainty out of the risky business of
farming.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief said Wednesday the three-year
agreement will provide federal and provincial funding worth as much as $5.5
billion and establish a framework for stability on the farm.

"Although there's still more work to be done, I believe that today's agreement
marks an important milestone in farm income support," Vanclief said during the
annual meeting of agriculture ministers in Fredericton.

The agreement, which comes into effect this year, isn't complete. The ministers
still have to work out the details of an income disaster program to compensate
farmers devastated by natural catastrophes such as floods, drought and the
vagaries of commodity markets.

"Agriculture is a very risky business and we need to have these kinds of
programs in place so when disaster strikes, the government can react," said Ty
Lund, Alberta's agriculture minister.

The need for such protection was underscored this week by a sudden, intense rain
storm that flattened crops in parts of the Prairies.

The southwestern Saskatchewan village of Vanguard was inundated with 333
millimetres of rain, more than a year's worth in just 10 hours.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Dwain Lingenfelter, who announced this week he
is quitting politics, said it's too early to say if flooded farmers will qualify
for the new farm safety net program.

But Lingenfelter, like the other provincial ministers, was enthusiastic about
the aid package.

"This framework will add hope and optimism to the farm community in
Saskatchewan," he said. "It's not perfect, but it will go a long way to help
meet the needs."

Ottawa will provide $3.3 billion and the provinces up to $2.2 billion over the
next three years for a variety of safety net programs, such as crop insurance,
cash advances, an income stabilization account, income disaster protection and a
number of programs aimed specifically at certain provinces.

All farm support programs are cost-shared between Ottawa and the provinces. For
every $60 Ottawa puts in, the provinces must add $40.

Ernie Hardeman, Ontario's agriculture minister, said the agreement finally
recognizes Ontario's demand for a fairer share of safety net funding.

Over the past year, the province has fought for a bigger piece of the pie, based
on the fact Ontario contributes almost 25 per cent of Canada's agriculture and
food production.

Ontario agriculture officials fear some farmers in the province could go out of
business because of unusually wet weather that has wreaked havoc with crops.

In Innisfil, Ont., some fields were under a metre of water this week after a
record 92 millimetres of rain fell Sunday.

The new agreement means about $225 million will be available annually for
Ontario's core safety net programs.

The amount of money in each province varies according to the size of the
agriculture industry. In New Brunswick, for instance, Ottawa will contribute
$5.3 million annually, while the province's share will be about $3 million.

Manitoba will have to find about $75 million a year to fund its share of the
safety net.

Some provinces are unhappy Ottawa has reduced its share of the disaster fund
allocation from $500 million to $435 million.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   The Blair Press (Blair-Taylor, Wisconsin)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 17, 2011

Wisconsin foods are healthy

BYLINE: The Blair Press-Taylor staff

LENGTH: 393  words


As Americans we are fortunate to live in a country where we spend just 9.8
percent of our disposable income on food - less than any other country,
according to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) National Food
Check-Out Week, February 20 through 26 brings to light that the average American
has already earned enough money to pay their grocery bills for all of 2011.

Christine Lindner, 63rd Alice in Dairyland,

Wisconsin's Agricultural Ambassador shares how it takes just 37 days for the
average American to earn enough income to buy all the food they will consume for
the year - both at home and in restaurants.

Food Check-Out Week, we celebrate the many benefits Wisconsin's $59 billion
agriculture industry brings to the health of every resident and our economy.

American consumers continue to get a good buy with their food dollar thanks to
our productive and efficient farmers. As we celebrate Food Check-Out week, the
productivity of our farmers, we must recognize a farmer's cost of production is
increasing with higher prices for inputs like energy, feed and fuel. Thanks to
new technology, science and tools used by producers on the farm today one farmer
feeds 155 people vs. 50 years ago when one farmer fed just 26 people in the
United States. Consumers in other countries are still working for food long
after Americans. As countries in Europe spend more than twice what U.S.
consumers spend on food costs.

As shoppers look for the greatest nutritional impact for their dollar spent,
Wisconsin locally grown and produced products, like Wisconsin dairy, beef,
cranberries, carrots, honey and potatoes provides that impact.

For example, Wisconsin dairy products provide a powerful package of nine
essential nutrients - that helps keep bones strong and bodies healthy. Studies
show dairy foods, when consumed as part of a healthy diet, improve overall diet
quality and may help to reduce a cluster of conditions that can lead to heart
disease and type-2 diabetes. To translate that to the pocketbook, according to
the National Dairy Council, if adult Americans increased their intake of dairy
foods to three to four servings a day, over $25 billion could be saved in
unnecessary healthcare costs in just the first year.

Buying locally produced Wisconsin foods from cherries to cheese is an investment
into our state's continued strong future.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Value Added Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BLP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2011 The Blair Press Taylor


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 5, 1985 Wednesday

Farmers' income rises by 30%

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 401 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
 Farm income rose by an average of 30 per cent in 1984, but farm spokesmen
 say the increase was too small to set the industry back on its financial
 feet.

"The bankruptcy figures are still well above normal," said David Kirk,
executive secretary of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. "Farmers  will
need two or three more years like this to pay off their debts."     Mr. Kirk was
commenting on Statistics Canada figures showing that  farmers took home
$4.25-billion in 1984. This topped 1983's realized net  income by $1-billion and
was nearly $400-million higher than the previous  record set in 1981.

Manitoba farmers received the greatest increase - 76 per cent - but
 farmers in Quebec, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia and
 Newfoundland will all earn 40 per cent more on average than they did in
 1983.

Farm incomes rose by 13 per cent in Ontario, the lowest increase of any
 province.

Prairie incomes were far higher than federal economists expected thanks
 to government payouts that compensated for damage caused by a disastrous
 drought last summer. Farmers received $223-million from the federal
 Western Grain Stabilization program and an extra $100-million in crop
 insurance.

Markets remained dismal for many western grains, but that wasn't the
 case for all commodities. The price of canola rose to record highs, giving
 western farmers an extra $217-million in take-home pay. Eastern Canadian
 farmers benefited from the buoyant markets in hogs, poultry and milk.

Saskatchewan and Alberta farmers also raised their cash flow this year
 by deferring $100-million in taxes and by drawing down their grain
 inventory by about $350-million.

Mr. Kirk said the financial state of the industry has not improved as
 much as the income figures would indicate. The 1984 income is the lowest
 since 1971 if inflation is taken into account.
    "Thank goodness, the grain payments came through," he said. "The basic
 farm outlook is still very poor."
    Wayne Jones, an economist with the federal Department of Agriculture,
 said the income figures were misleading because they followed two years
 when incomes were very low.

Realized net income fell to $3.3-billion in 1983 from $3.9-billion in
 1981.

The number of farm bankruptcies is still higher than normal,
 particularly in the west. However, the crisis appears to have passed in
 Ontario and Quebec, and the financial situation is improving.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Farming Life

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Minister must act on falling farm incomes - Byrne

LENGTH: 173  words


SDLP Spokesperson for Agriculture and Vice Chairman of the Agriculture
Committee, Joe Byrne MLA has called for the Agriculture Minister to take urgent
action to counter the falling income of the province's farming industry.

Mr Byrne highlighted the turmoil of dairy industry as particularly concerning
for agriculture.

He said: "I have a major concern for the drop in farming prices that is creating
uncertainty and great financial stress for many farmers. I am particularly
anxious that our largest sector dairy farming which has seen a drop of 6% last
year.

"I have requested that the Agriculture committee write to Commissioner Phil
Hogan in Brussels and press for the introduction of a new intervention scheme
for dairy products.

"This is an essential step  if milk prices are to be stabilised and restore a
sense of order in the markets across Europe.

"It is also crucial that Michelle O'Neill lobbies effectively in London with the
DEFRA Minister, Liz Truss, in order to create a sense of urgency for the dairy
sector in NI," he added.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INFL


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 30, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: PR GIVES DETAILS OF TAXES PAID BY PM & FAMILY

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 30 -- Federal Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid Friday gave
details of income tax paid by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and PTI Chairman Imran
Khan, saying Khan by living in glass house should not throw stones at others.

Addressing a press conference here, the Information Minister said there is huge
difference between taxes paid by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Chairman
Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf Imran Khan. Responding to allegations leveled by Imran
Khan about the Prime Minister's taxes, Pervaiz Rashid said the sugar mills of
Nawaz Sharif paid Rs 2 billion, 44 crore, 70 lac, 70 thousand, five hundred and
forty-three during 2005 and 2014. He said the Prime Minister also paid three
crore twenty three lakh fifty two thousand six hundred and sixty four rupees as
Income Tax and Agriculture Tax. Of this agriculture tax was Rs 66,74173. Pervaiz
Rashid said the family of the Prime Minister including Begum Kalsoom Nawaz and
Maryam Nawaz deposited Rs 54,65,24,500 taxes.

He said during 2014 the Prime Minister paid tax amounting to Rs 26,95,912 in
addition to Rs 20,42,000 agriculture tax.

The total tax paid by the Prime Minister during one year comes to Rs 47,38,753.
The information minister said during this period, Imran Khan who lives like King
having three palatial houses paid a meagre amount of Rs 1,94,939 as income tax.
He said Imran showed agriculture income of Rs 23,50,000 but defaulted the
agriculture tax by showing liabilities of five lakh rupees and thus "My Feudal
Lord" defaulted in the agriculture tax

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 24, 1991 Tuesday

Farmers' income   seen rising 23%   Government subsidies to double

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 327 words


The Globe and Mail
Canadian farmers can expect a 23-per-cent rise in net income next year,
thanks to a doubling of government subsidies. Even so, they will earn far
less than they did in the late 1980s before commodity prices crashed
around the world.

In its annual income forecast, economists with the federal Department
of Agriculture said realized net farm income will reach $4.15-billion in
1992, compared with $3.36-billion this year and $4.7-billion in 1987 and
1988.

But the economists warned that the income rise expected in 1992 does
not signal a recovery in the farm sector. Instead, they pointed to a big
jump in farm subsidies.

In 1992, they said, farmers will receive about $4.4-billion in direct
government cash payments, nearly double the $2.3-billion they were paid in
1991.

The government cash subsidies will account for 20 per cent of total
farm revenue in 1992 and will be nearly $300-million greater than the
projected net income.

These figures include government payments from crop insurance, income
stabilization programs and dairy subsidies, but do not include the host of
hidden programs, tax writeoffs and benefits that most farmers receive.

Realized net income is the most commonly used measure of farm income.
It refers to net income after depreciation, before changes in inventory.

The income forecasts are less optimistic if inventory is included in
the calculation. Agriculture Canada estimated that total net income would
rise by only 9 per cent in 1992 to $3.96-billion.

This compares with $3.6-billion in 1991, $4.4-billion in 1990 and $4.9-
billion in 1989, when farmers sold off their inventory in grain and
livestock to raise extra income.

Patrice Dube, a spokesman for the Canadian Federation of Agriculture,
said the income figures show how badly hurt farmers are. They need the
heavy subsidies next year, he said, to make up for their losses in the
past few years.

Farmers have survived, he said, by selling their inventory and this
cannot continue for ever.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 15, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Food spending figures have flavor of fact

BYLINE: Ciara O'Rourke AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 705 words


Noting that Americans are "blessed with bargains at the grocery store," state
Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples wrote that "right now, on average,
Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food."

"Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent, and
Russia, 37 percent," he said in an op-ed column posted on the San Antonio
Express-News website Dec. 29.

Bryan Black, a Texas Department of Agriculture spokesman, initially pointed us
to the U.S. Department of Agriculture website to buttress Staples' claim.

A table created by the USDA's Economic Research Service outlines the proportion
of an individual's disposable personal income spent on food from 1929 through
2009, when individual adults and families reportedly spent 9.5 percent of their
total disposable personal income on food - 5.5 percent eating in and 3.9 percent
eating out.

According to the table, the percentage of disposable income spent by Americans
on food has dropped over the decades. In 1929, it was 23.4 percent. Since 2000,
the share of such income spent on food has run between 9.4 and 9.9 percent.

Every year, the Economic Research Service uses data primarily from the U.S.
Department of Commerce and U.S. census, which collects data from all retailers
that sell food, to measure total food expenditures in the United States and
estimate how much food is eaten at and away from home.

Ephraim Leibtag, a USDA senior economist, told us the percentage of income that
individuals in the U.S. spend on food has dropped because "as income and wealth
rises in a given country, less of that income needs to be spent on food in
percentage terms."

Black also pointed us to a July 2006 article on Salem-News.com , a website that
describes itself as the "most unique and interesting news group in the nation"
and "the first exclusively Web news organization in the world." The article
lists "the percentage of disposable income spent on food at home" in various
countries, statistics the article attributes to the USDA. According to the
article, consumers in Mexico spent 21.7 percent of their disposable income on
food at home; in Russia, 36.7 percent; and in China, 28.3 percent.

But we noticed that these statistics for foreign countries, which aren't dated
in the article, focus only on money spent on food prepared at home, whereas the
USDA data also accounts for money spent eating out. The statistics on the
Salem-News website are also at least three years older than the USDA's most
recent measure of how much disposable income Americans spend on food.

We followed up with the Texas Department of Agriculture about these
distinctions. In an e-mail, Black said, "USDA's ERS numbers are constantly
changing, so there are many different sets of statistics floating around."

He also sent USDA data comparing U.S. food costs with those of other countries.
In 2005, according to the ERS table cited by Black, food accounted for 7 percent
of total household expenditures for goods and services incurred by U.S.
households. For households in Mexico, food expenses were 24 percent; Russia, 33
percent; and China, 36 percent.

Separately, USDA economist Annette Clauson noted more recent data comparing the
same food costs. In 2009, U.S. households spent 6.9 percent. In Mexico,
households spent 24 percent; Russia, 28 percent; and China, 32.9 percent.

Those figures look similar to the ones cited by Staples when he compared how
much of their disposable income American households spend on food versus how
much households in other countries spend. But it appears that the USDA looks at
only total household expenditures - not disposable income - when comparing
relative food costs in foreign countries. That's not an apples-to-apples
comparison.

Still, available indicators support the thrust of Staples' statement, which is
that Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food,
and the other three countries spend two or three times as much.

We rate his statement Mostly True.

corourke@statesman.com

Todd Staples
 Statement: "On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their
disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22
percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent."



LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                     July 25, 2001 Wednesday, Final Edition

BRINGING HOME A HEALTHY HARVEST;
A popular federal program helps Maine seniors buy fruits and vegetables.

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: SACO


Bob Thomas likes his vegetables, but his fixed income limits the number he can
buy.

His grocery budget got a boost this year from a federal program that gives him
$100 of credit toward fresh fruit and vegetables grown at nearby farms.

"The $100 helps out. It's helping out right now, especially with the fresh
vegetables coming into season," Thomas said.

Thomas is one of about 17,000 senior citizens throughout the state benefiting
from the Senior FarmShare Program. Potential participants and farms had to be
turned away because the project filled up so fast, officials said.

The project, funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, is designed to help
the state's low-income seniors eat better.

It also gives Maine farmers new customers and a monetary incentive to increase
their production of fruits and vegetables.

The state learned in January that it received a $769,500 grant for the program,
and approximately 150 farmers signed up to participate, said Deanne Herman,
marketing manager with the Maine Department of Agriculture.

Some farms asked for one $100 share, while others asked for thousands, she said.
None received more than 200 shares.

Herman said she is still getting calls from seniors and farmers who have heard
about the program and want to participate.

"We didn't know how many people would be interested in this," she said. "Maine
got a very large grant, but we found out pretty quickly it wasn't big enough."

Once shares were assigned, farmers received grant money to pay for the necessary
materials and labor.

"They made commitments to supply, and they were paid for the produce in
advance," Herman said.

Farmers were allowed to work out delivery or pickup terms with customers.

"We thought if we could help seniors and farmers to find each other, they would
have ongoing relationships," she said.

Thomas stopped by the Saco Farmer's Market twice last week to pick up fresh
summer squash and corn on the cob from the Harris Farm stand. He said he likes
to see members of the Harris family without making a long drive to Dayton.

"My wife walks down, and some of the ladies walk down. I'll stop in the car and
pick up what we need," he said.

In other cases, farmers deliver produce to a senior housing center or a person's
home.

Rachel Harris of Harris Farm said most of the 28 seniors she contracts with go
to the Saco Farmer's Market.

Once there, they pick out their produce and give their names. The amount of the
sale is deducted from the customer's line of credit; no money or coupons change
hands.

Harris said seniors started calling her as soon as the state announced the
program.

"I had to turn a lot of people away," she said.

Shirley Skoczenski of Saco is participating in the program along with a friend.
The two made their first trip to the Saco Farmer's Market last Wednesday, and
liked the selection of corn, beans, beets and cucumbers.

"It helps with the bills, and it helps the farmers," she said.

Snell Family Farm in Bar Mills received 80 of the $100 shares, said John Snell
Jr. His wife, Ramona, spoke at nursing homes and elderly housing units to let
seniors know about the program, and many of the residents ended up calling.

Customers come to the farm or its stands at farmers' markets in Saco and
Portland.

Snell said he'd participate again if the program is funded again next year.

"People need to write to their congresspeople and try to get this program
expanded and continued," he said. "Not only does it support local farming, but
it supports elderly folks from a food point of view."

Staff Writer Grace Murphy can be contacted at 282-8228 or at:

gmurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo
Bob Thomas of Saco shops for produce at the Saco Farmer's Market. A program that
gives low-income senior citizens $100 in credit at farm stands is popular: The
seniors appreciate the chance to eat better, and farmers get an incentive to
increase production.

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    February 7, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Farmers face worst income year ever: Mad cow devastates Prairies

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Michelle Lang

SECTION: News; Pg. A1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 868 words

Farm income in Alberta and across the country plunged to a devastating low last
year as the mad cow crisis and a rising Canadian dollar crushed ranchers'
paycheques, Agriculture Canada said Friday.

Alberta producers lost an estimated $230 million in 2003 -- a 124 per cent drop
in earnings from the year before -- despite massive government aid packages
designed to stem the economic fallout from the brain-wasting illness.

Agriculture officials released the forecast one day after animal welfare
officials seized a herd of cattle that were allegedly starving on a
Lethbridge-area ranch that has been hit hard by the crisis.

The statistics, which include depreciation, suggest the ranch was far from alone
in its troubles as farmers around the province toughed out one of the worst
years ever to face agriculture.

"It's disastrous," said John Buckley, who owns a ranch west of Calgary. "We've
experienced a huge shortfall in income."

Farmers' earnings in the rest of the country weren't much better. For the first
time in the nation's history, Canadian producers lost money last year, about $13
million nationally, as income declined 100 per cent from 2002 levels.

The strong Canadian dollar, which climbed 17 per cent in 2003 against the weak
U.S. greenback, hurt the value of agriculture exports. A lingering drought on
the Prairies was a second factor.

But it was mad cow disease that had the most dramatic impact on farmers,
particularly in Alberta where beef production is the mainstay of the province's
agriculture industry. A single case of the disease, discovered May 20, led 34
countries to shut out Canadian beef and cattle.

"There is no question farm income took a tremendous hit, particularly in the
meat sector," said Kurt Klein, an agricultural economist at the University of
Lethbridge.

Agriculture Canada estimates the country's beef and cattle revenues declined
about 30 per cent, as marketings dropped 25 per cent and average cattle prices
slipped 10 per cent.

The statistics would have been far worse had the cattle industry not experienced
nearly six months of normal conditions before mad cow hit.

A series of government bail-out packages also softened the blow to income. In
total, Ottawa and the province forked over almost $1.5 billion in aid to Alberta
farmers last year -- a 42 per cent increase from 2002, itself a record year.

Farm expenses in this province remained steady compared to previous years at
about $6.3 billion.

Only Saskatchewan suffered a worse blow to farm income than Alberta. Faced with
the double whammy of drought and mad cow disease, Agriculture Canada predicts
producers in that province lost $465 million last year.

Ontario farmers also lost about $43 million. The magnitude of the national loss,
however, was mitigated by profits on farms in Quebec, which earned about half a
billion dollars last year, and in Manitoba, where producers earned about $113
million.

The losses facing Alberta in Friday's forecast are drastic, but the Canadian
Cattlemen's Association points out they don't account for the hit farmers took
as the value of their herds plummeted. Rob McNabb, of the association, said
cattle on most Alberta farms are worth only half of what they were a year ago, a
situation difficult for sales and for securing critical operating loans.

"I guess somebody who is detached from the situation looks at it as a number,
but I'm not sure this truly reflects the hurt that is out there," he said.

Equally tough for farmers, added McNabb, is the uncertainty over when their
paycheques will improve.

Agriculture Canada wasn't able to answer that question Friday. The agency didn't
make its usual farm income forecast for the year ahead because it is still
unclear when the beef trade will fully resume.

"The (mad cow) situation has resulted in much uncertainty and, consequently, the
forecast has been postponed until this becomes more clear," said Lambert
Gauthier of Agriculture Canada.

The United States, Canada's largest beef and cattle customer, has partially
opened its border to some cuts of meat. That country's own case of the disease,
however, has set back Canadian efforts to reopen the border to live animals
after officials discovered the sick cow, found in Washington state Dec. 23, was
born in Alberta.

It isn't clear when American regulators will lift the ban, although U.S.
officials have suggested it won't be this spring.

In the meantime, McNabb insists Alberta's cattle industry won't collapse, in
spite of the deteriorating farm incomes. Then again, he said, it won't be the
same.

"The industry isn't at a point where it will fall down," he said. "We have too
many people who won't let that happen. But restructuring -- that's another
story."

-------

Realized Net Income on Farms for 2003

Canada: -$13.4 million

Alberta: -$230 million

B.C.: $43 million

Saskatchewan: -$465.3 million

Manitoba: $113.1 million

Ontario: -$43.8 million

Quebec: $552.2 million

New Brunswick: - $1.1 million

Nova Scotia: $400,000

P.E.I. $10.5 million

Newfoundland: $7.1 million

Source: Calgary Herald Archive

mlang@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Ted Jacob, Calgary Herald; John Buckley works his ranch
about 50 kilometres west of Calgary. Producers endured a 'disastrous' year.;
Photo: Ted Jacob, Calgary Herald; John Buckley feels the crunch of the mad cow
crisis while working his Quarter Circle X Ranch about 50 kilometres west of
Calgary.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Strahl faces major challenges

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Kevin Hursh; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 636  words


To understand the challenges ahead, newly minted Agriculture Minister Chuck
Strahl needs to look no farther than the new farm income forecasts released by
his own department.

Posted with no fanfare or advance notice on the federal department's website,
the numbers are sobering, even for an industry that has become accustomed to
declining returns.

Nationally, realized net farm income averaged almost $2.3 billion a year from
2000 to 2004. In 2005, realized net income dipped to $1.9 billion despite record
high farm program payments of $4.9 billion.

For 2006, the economists and statisticians expect farm support payments from
government will decline to about $4.2 billion, still the fourth highest on
record.

The reduction is due mainly to the termination of special assistance programs
for the cattle industry as BSE problems diminish.

Realized net income is expected to drop much more dramatically due mainly to
increasing operating expenses. Nationally, realized net income is forecast at
only $875 million for 2006, a drop of 54 per cent from last year and a drop of
62 per cent from the previous five-year average.

The picture varies from province to province, depending upon the type of
agriculture.

In Strahl's home province of British Columbia, realized net farm income for 2006
is projected to be $233 million, about on par with last year and a whopping 54
per cent above the 2000 to 2004 average.

Strahl's Fraser Valley constituency is dominated by dairy and poultry
operations, in which income levels are relatively stable. Although he has no
farm background, Strahl will no doubt appreciate the value of supply management
in maintaining the financial health of that sector.

In Quebec, where supply management is even more dominant, 2006 realized net
income is forecast at $655 million. That's down from 2005, but above the
average.

Things aren't so rosy in Ontario. Realized net income for 2006 is projected to
drop to $117 million, more than 60 per cent below average. Alberta is also well
below average at $247 million.

The forecast drops into negative territory in P.E.I. (-$17 million), Manitoba
(-$195 million) and Saskatchewan (-$203 million).

Program payments are projected to total more than half a billion dollars in
Manitoba and more than $1 billion in Saskatchewan this year, and yet it won't be
enough to bring producers up to break-even.

Strahl's first official function as agriculture minister was to provide payment
details for the previously announced $755 million that will flow to grain and
oilseed producers across the country. The payment was set to go out at the end
of January, and then a decision was made to increase the first instalment from
the program so that producers get more money sooner.

The payment is based on net average grain sales from 2000 to 2004. The payment
factor for the first instalment was going to be 5.81 per cent. That has been
increased to 7.47 per cent. A producer with $100,000 in net average grain sales
will receive $7,470.

While increasing the payment level is a good idea, it does create some potential
problems. There's more danger the program will go over its $755-million spending
cap. Alternatively, there may be such a tiny amount to distribute in a final
payment that the cheques this fall may look like a joke.

The dismal farm income forecasts have already factored in the $755 million. One
of the Conservative election promises was an additional $500 million a year for
farm safety nets.

Trouble is, it would take an additional billion dollars just to get Canadian
farm income back to the level of 2005, a level that everyone agrees was
inadequate.

Strahl will be besieged by farm groups providing advice. Often that advice will
be contradictory. However, if he can find ways to improve the incomes within
primary agriculture, he'll have a lot of supporters.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Impoverished farmers/fisherfolk

LENGTH: 793  words


Here is a similarity between the 44 murdered PNPSAF commandos and the six
million impoverished farmer/fisherfolk families. They are both subjected to
suffering they do not deserve.

But while a Board of Inquiry was created to get an accurate picture of what
really happened in the Mamasapano tragedy, there is no need to create any new
board to look at the causes of rural poverty.

There is already a publicprivate sector body created in 1987 to do this: the
National Agriculture Fisheries CouncilNAFC (also known as the Philippine Council
for Agriculture and Fisheries). With units at the regional, provincial and
municipal levels, the AFCs can identify and recommend solutions relevant to the
poverty statistics below provided by the Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA):

Poverty Incidence 2009 (%) 2012 (%)

National average 26.3 25.2

Farmers 38.0 38.3

Fisherfolk 41.3 39.2

Urban residents 12.6 13.0

The PSA calculates poverty incidence estimates using the Family Income and
Expenditure Survey every three years. The next will be this year.

There is an assertion that poverty dropped by 3 percent in 2013 from 2012 level.
However, Jose Ramon Albert of government think tank Philippine Institute for
Development Studies (PIDS) disagrees. He says the analysis behind this assertion
looks at two sets of data using different methodologies that cannot be compared.

In an article published on Nov. 19, 2014, he wrote: "We do not have yet evidence
of decreased poverty or income distribution. Measures of inequality such as the
share of the bottom on the national income and the Palma ratio (defined as the
ratio of the income of the top 10 percent to the bottom 40 percent) have been
unchanged from 2009 to 2012."

The table above shows farmers and fisherfolk have a poverty rate of 3041
percent, worse than the national average of 25 percent. It is also triple the
poverty incidence of urban residents.

For 2013 and 2014, the growth in industry was 9.3 and 7.5 percent, respectively.
This is about 400 percent the growth in agriculture of 1.1 and 1.9 percent,
respectively. This is unfortunate, considering that the Department of Trade and
Industry budget was less than 6 percent of the Department of Agriculture budget
for both years. Consistent with the poverty table, it appears the rural sector
is again left behind.

We do not need a board of inquiry to find out why agriculture grew so slowly at
only half of the government's growth target of 3.54.5 percent. All we need is
for the NAFC to fulfill its mandated function, a key recommendation of AF2025.

In its website, the NAFC states its two most critical functions: (a) serve as a
consultative/feedback mechanism on the policies, plans, and programs of the DA
and monitor agriculture and fisheries programs of all government agencies."

Under the Aquino administration, the NAFC has done better than under the
previous one. Its secretariat is both competent and committed. However, other DA
officials should show much more support for Agriculture Secretary Proceso
Alcala's goal of private sector participation in agriculture governance. This
can be done in three ways:

NAFC publicprivate sector councils should be harnessed to perform their mandated
two functions instead of being relegated to the background.

An P85billion DA budget the year before national elections constitutes a
temptation to misuse the funds "in aid of elections." The AFCs at the local
level should identify the sources of rural poverty, and recommend ways to use
these funds properly. They have the added advantage of being legally mandated to
monitor fund use, although their monitoring budget was cut this year. It should
instead be increased to show the government's sincerity in pursuing inclusive
growth.

Importance should be given to the AFCs. Only last year, the NAFC Committee on
Yolanda unanimously decided to end its efforts because its members were never
allowed to join a DA meeting on this issue. This was a violation of an agreement
reached before the NAFC committee was created.

Another indication is the lowlevel representation the government sends to the
AFC meetings. Representatives lower than a division chief level often respond to
suggestions from heads of farmer and fisherfolk federations and agribusiness
organizations. As a result, many of the private sector leaders have stopped
attending these meetings.

In conclusion, there is no need for a board of inquiry to find the causes and
suggest solutions for the continued poverty of farmers and fisherfolk. All that
is needed is political will. Courage is needed to fully activate the AFCs at the
national and local levels. This will allow private sector leaders to participate
in the fight against poverty. It will then give substance to PNoy's statement:
"Ikaw ang boss ko."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: Agriculturists should file returns, wealth statements

LENGTH: 714  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, March 30 -- Foreign investors on Friday proposed elimination of
exemption given to the agricultural income and people engaged in this sector
should be asked to file their income tax returns and wealth statements.

In its budget proposals for 2014-15, the Overseas Investors' Chamber of Commerce
and Industry (OICCI) - a body of 196 foreign companies belonging to 35 countries
and having presence in 14 different sectors of Pakistan economy - said that till
the exemptions are withdrawn, the authorities should force agriculturists to
file the income tax returns and wealth statements. "This will assist in
documenting a significant portion of our economy," according to the proposals.

Sources said that the OICCI presented the proposals at the meeting with Tariq
Bajwa, chairman of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR).

The chamber said that the biggest exempted sector is agriculture, which did not
make any contribution to the national exchequer, despite the fact that over 65
percent of Pakistan's population is directly or indirectly linked with the
agricultural sector.

The original rationale of keeping agriculture out of the tax net is to
facilitate small agriculturists. "However, due to non-implementation of land
reforms, the benefit of the tax exemption is being availed of by big landowners
earning huge incomes," the OICCI said. "Income and wealth is also transferred by
unscrupulous elements who transfer their income and wealth to businesses
fronting as agriculture sector," it added. On the recommendation of the OICCI, a
new provision 236G was introduced in the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 for bringing
the agriculture produce and raw materials into the tax net. "However, there is
still a need to widen the tax net on the agriculture income considerably," it
said, and suggested: "The scope of section 236G should be extended to other
sectors of the agro-based economy also."

The foreign investors' body advocated broadening the tax base instead of levying
additional taxes on those who were already paying. "The increase in tax
collections should be made from those entities and individuals who have evaded
paying their due share of taxes to the national exchequer," it was suggested.
Furthermore, the OICCI suggested that the culture of amnesty schemes and
exemptions through statutory regulatory orders (SROs) should be stopped. "All
exemptions given for tax and duty payments, other than those specifically
tailored to attract foreign direct investment (FDI) and for the benefit of the
poorest segment of the population should be withdrawn."

To attract investment, the body suggested that a five-year tax and revenue
enhancement strategy should be evolved with the approval of the parliament. "Tax
policies should be suitably protected to ensure a five-year phasing out period
so that an investor is not adversely impacted by change in policy."

It recommended the effective utilisation of Nadra database and other documented
sources available to the FBR for broadening the tax base.

The OICCI said that there is a huge tax evasion by a cross section of high
earners such as doctors, artists, lawyers, dress designers, models, event
managers, sales and marketing people running different businesses from their
homes or offices in the back streets or just through the cell system, etc.
"Taxing the correct income of all these professionals has the potential to add
significant revenues to the government treasury." The OICCI recommended that the
FBR and the State Bank of Pakistan should work jointly to make a framework to
ensure all customers of financial institutions having turnover in excess of Rs1
million during a year, have filed tax return and wealth statement. However, the
body opposed giving access to bank accounts to any FBR official. Some years ago,
the idea of Electronic Cash Registers at every retail outlet was introduced but
the government backed away when the retailers agitated. The OICCI recommended
that registration of retail outlets and electronic cash registers should be made
mandatory at all retail outlets without any turnover thresholds

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Irish farming needs to get smart;
'Climate-smart' farming will boost incomes while safeguarding food supply in the
face of climate change, writes Joseph Curtin

SECTION: FARMING;NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 998 words


GLOBAL agriculture is at a crossroads. The climate is changing, impacting food
production, farming practices, and the environment.

A growing global population needs to be fed, yet food production itself is a
major contributor to a changing climate. How we deal with these challenges is
the starting point for climate-smart agriculture - the latest thinking on how
farmers and policy-makers can boost farm productivity in an environmentally and
socially sustainable way.

Climate-smart agriculture is about boosting farmers' income while strengthening
their resilience to climate change, and reducing agriculture's climate footprint
by curbing greenhouse gas emissions and increasing carbon storage.

It relies on farmers' own ingenuity to meet the consequences of climate change,
like floods and temperature rises, by adapting their farming practices. But, on
a broader level, climate-smart agriculture depends on policy decisions that meet
global challenges like fighting world hunger and increasing food production. It
is the big idea whose time has come.

To help us better understand attitudes to climate-smart agriculture, the
Institute of International and European Affairs and the RDS, supported by
Glanbia Ingredients Ireland, Diageo, and several other public and private sector
partners, conducted a survey of stakeholders in Ireland and internationally. The
survey respondents ranged from farmers to policymakers, non-government
organisations (NGOs) to www.agribusiness.No one agrees what country is the
global leader on climate-smart agriculture, according to the survey. That means
there is an opportunity for Ireland to position itself as a leader in
climate-smart agriculture, and in the production of carbon-efficient food.

Agri-food in Ireland is a sector on the move. The dairy industry is evolving
towards new and innovative food products, with higher value added.

We are connecting local communities across the country to vast and diverse food
markets around the globe. The Government's latest strategy for the sector, Food
Wise 2025, aims to increase the value of our agri-food exports by 85pc to
(EURO)19bn over the next decade.

This target cannot be achieved without increasing emissions over a period when
Ireland will be legally bound to reduce these gasses.

Unsurprisingly, our survey shows that 8opc of stakeholders consider this a major
challenge. But it is an opportunity, too, with 86pc saying that establishing
Irish leadership on climate-smart agriculture could benefit the agri-food
sector.

Ireland is well placed to lead in climate-smart agriculture because of our
competitive advantages in farming, including a temperate climate and fertile
land that favours carbon-efficient grass-based livestock production.

We have world-leading agri-food businesses and excellent Government and agency
support for the sector. Already, we have success stories like the Origin Green
Programme.

Survey respondents were clear that domestic action is key to establishing a
leadership position on climate-smart agriculture.

They identified better use of fertiliser, boosting research and innovation, and
optimising land use as among the most important success factors.

Almost nine out of 10, or 87pc, identified economically and environmentally
optimising our land resource, between dairy, beef, tillage and forestry, as a
key climatesmart strategy.

How this can be achieved in practical terms will be a central focus of future
work under the Leadership Forum.

Establishing an international leadership position will demand that all
stakeholders in the sector pull together in the common good.

A huge majority of all stakeholders, whether NGOs, farmers, government,
independent experts or agri-business, identified the three pillars of
climate-smart agriculture as important for Ireland - increasing farm incomes and
productivity, reducing emissions, and building resilience to climate impacts.

While some differences emerged - farmers and agribusiness understandably focused
on farm incomes and productivity while NGOs tilted towards reducing emissions -
the common ground we identified is very encouraging.

With world population expected to reach nine billion by 2050, food production
needs to increase by nearly 70pc just to keep pace with demand. This must happen
in an increasingly carbonconstrained world, with emissions dramatically reduced
in order to avoid the worst impacts of dangerous climate change that would hit
the world's poor hardest.

Negotiations Survey respondents were clear: we must consider this challenge in a
global context. If Ireland is to be a global leader, we must lead in
international negotiations, especially in the EU, and build climatesmart
relationships with development partners.

Our survey of international experts showed they believe developing countries
should focus on building resilience to the impact of climate change, followed by
boosting productivity and farm incomes. In developed nations, the sample
identifies cutting greenhouse gas emissions as the most important pillar,
followed by building resilience to climate change impacts.

This shows that climatesmart agriculture can mean different things in different
contexts. Our work is focused on agreeing what it means for Ireland.

The next phase of global agriculture is likely to be dominated by the
climatesmart agenda. In Ireland, there is a case for climatesmart food
production to emerge as a key goal for the domestic economy.

But we must continue to look outwards, too, making our expertise available to
partner governments around the world. How we respond to new challenges in
agriculture will be a measure of our leadership capacity, as well as our ability
to seize opportunity.

Joseph Curtin is a Senior Research Fellow at the Institute of International and
European Affairs and a member of the Government National Advisory Council on
Climate Change.

There is an opportunity for Ireland to position itself as a leader in climate
smart agriculture and in the production of carbon efficient food

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CALAMITY: Farmers rush to transplant paddy on a flooded field amid
heavy rainfall in Hunan province, China last week. Approximately one million
people have been affected by severe downpours in several Chinese provinces,
causing collapsed houses, decimating crops as well as blocking highways.
REUTERS/CHINA DAILYSUPPORTS: A farmer plants saplings in a paddy field on the
outskirts of Agartala city in India last week. India is to buy oilseeds and
pulses directly from farmers for the first time this year, in addition to its
existing purchases of wheat and rice. The plan aims to boost production and
close a supply gap that has driven country's annual import bill up to $12bn
((EURO)10.9bn). REUTERS/JAYANTA DEY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Bundle o' bills Child-rearing costs exceed $12G per year

BYLINE: BY MEERA JAGANNATHAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 381 words


THIS JUST IN: It's still really, really expensive to rear a child in the United
States.

The cost of raising a kid born in 2015 - for the typical middle-income American
family, that is - totals $233,610 from birth through age 17, or about $12,350 to
$13,900 per year, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture's annual
Expenditures on Children by Families report.

And that's before any college costs enter the equation.

The expenditure breakdown, per the report released Monday: About 29% goes to
housing; 18% to food; 16% for child care and education; 15% for transportation;
9% for health care; 7% for personal care, entertainment, reading materials and
other miscellaneous items; and 6% for clothing.

Costs vary by region: Middle-income, married urban Northeasterners will pay the
most ($253,770), followed by the urban West ($235,140), urban South ($221,730)
and rural areas ($193,020).

Expenditures also vary by income level: Lower-income households will pay
$174,690, but the highest-earning families will spend $372,210.

When the report was first issued in 1960, "housing and food were the two highest
expenses, just as they are today," Angie Tagtow, executive director of the
USDA's Center for Nutrition Policy and Promotion, said in a statement. "But
while housing costs have increased over time, changes in American agriculture
have resulted in lower food costs, and family food budgets now represent a lower
percentage of household income."

The current estimate isn't directly comparable to previous figures due to
changes in methodology, the USDA said.

A small silver lining: Child-rearing expenditures increased only 3% from 2014 to
2015, slower than the historic annual increase of 4.3%. And as families grow,
cost per-child tends to decrease - the "cheaper by the dozen effect."

"As families increase in size, children may share a bedroom, clothing and toys
can be reused, and food can be purchased in larger, more economical packages,"
said Center for Nutrition Policy economist Mark Lino.

Graphic: BIG $ ON LI'L ONES

The spending breakdown, according to Dept. of Agriculture report Monday:

Housing 29%

Food 18%

Transportation 15%

Health care 9%

Clothing 6%

Miscellaneous (e.g., personal care items,

entertainment and reading materials) 7%

Child care & education 16%*

*College not included

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INFOGRAPHIC;STATISTIC, ISTOCKPHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Daily News, L.P.


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Senate body suggests 15 amendments

BYLINE:  IMRAN ALI KUNDI

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 287

LENGTH: 618  words


At length, Senate Standing Committee on Finance on Thursday completed its
reports on the Reformed General Sales Tax (RGST) Bill with dissent notes seeking
instead taxation on agriculture and otherwise wealth holding to increase the
revenue.

The Committee met under the chair of its chairman Senator Ahmed Ali had
completed its recommendations report on the RGST bill, which would be tabled in
the upper house of the Parliament today. The Committee had recommended 15
amendments in the bill for consideration of the Senate.

According to the report, the Committee unanimously recommended for giving
exemption to food items, stationery for education purposes and medicines.
However, few Senators including Prof. Khurshid Ahmed, Haroon Akhtar Khan, Ilyas
Ahmed Bilour and Ahmed Ali written their dissenting notes in the RGST Bill.

In his note, Senator Haroon reiterated that all agriculture income must be taxed
in the same manner as on other incomes in the country. As a provincial subject,
he said, the provincial governments should pass a legislation enabling them to
impose income tax on agriculture sector in the same manner, as they have to pass
legislation to impose general sales tax on service. "This will not only generate
Rs 100 billion but it will document the entire agriculture economy in the
country", he added.

He further said in his note that legislation must be introduced to protect the
farm workers by giving them the protection of minimum wages, social security and
health insurance benefits.

Prof Khurshid Ahmed, in his note of dissent, stated that provincial legislation
and resolutions from the assemblies under Article 144 were a constitutional
requirement before any legislation could be made in the parliament in respect of
Sales Tax on Service, which did not happen. The government brought the bill in
haste, as no homework had been done in this regard, he added.

"I strongly oppose the whole concept of one rate system of Sales Tax. I have
strongly pleaded for two or three tax rates differentiating between essential
commodities and others," he wrote in his note. After the approval of RGST bill,
700 new items will come the under tax and inflation will increase further.

He said that the government did not cut its expenditures while it opted for an
easy course of taxation affecting all and sundry in the name of flood charges
and has not touched those vested interests and elite class.

Senator Ilyas Ahmed Bilour, reiterating his principled position, gave a note of
dissent stating that his recommendation of taxing agriculture income has not
been accepted.

Senator Ahmed Ali in his dissent note said that the zero-rated regime for
textile exporters should be maintained and one-time agriculture income should be
imposed by provinces as, according to the Constitution, it is a provincial
subject.

Ishaq Dar of PML-N said that his dissension note is the same as the letter
written to President by Nawaz Sharif, and he further added that Rs 400 billion
corruption should be eliminated and Rs 300 billion deficit should be decreased.

Later, talking to the media, Committee Chairman Senator Ahmed Ali said that MQM
would not support RGST, as it will increase burden on people. He was of the view
that this was not reformed tax rather it is deformed, which would hit the poor
masses.

He said that all the parties have not changed their principled stance on the
RGST and it should be reiterated in the committee report.  He said if the
agriculture tax were not levied, it would show that the government was not
interested in reforming the taxation system. The poor people of the country are
already suffering and the RGST will further increase their miseries due to high
inflation, he added.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan: Hina says she pays GST, income tax regularly

LENGTH: 364  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 28 -- Minister of State for Finance and Economic Affairs Hina
Rabbani Khar said on Thursday that she was paying her due taxes in shape of
General Sales Tax (GST) and Income Tax regularly as she paid Rs0.8 million alone
on account of GST last month.

"I paid Rs0.8 million GST last month from a restaurant owned by me. I am also
paying my income tax out of my drawn salary regularly," she told media here at
the Parliament House.

The minister further said that she was also paying 'abiana' on her owned land
regularly.

It is generally believed that the feudal lords have been opposing the
agriculture income tax so the governments irrespective of military or civilian
rule always remained unable to move ahead in last 63 years on the pretext that
agriculture income is provincial subject and the Centre cannot tax this income.
But political analysts say that it requires political will of the government, as
if it wants to move ahead it takes steps to bring GST on services by evolving
consensus among the chief ministers of four provinces at Council of Common
Interest (CCI) so why not such efforts could be made for bringing agriculture
income into tax net. They say that the next programme of the IMF will certainly
fold a condition to impose tax on agriculture income and thus devising of
mechanism will not remain problematic area.

However, Minister Hina, who has known feudal background, said that she holds
National Tax Number (NTN) and is paying all due taxes without any delay. She
said that the low contribution in shape of GST from restaurants was known but
she was paying due taxes honestly.

This whole debate triggered after a meeting of Senate Standing Committee on
Finance meeting here at the Parliament House on Thursday when a senator asked
the minister that some cabinet colleagues were paying Rs8,000 tax per annum but
they were asking the nation to accept RGST and other taxes. And on this point,
Hina replied that she paid Rs0.8 million GST last month alon Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           October 28, 2009 Wednesday

Agriculture groups warn against further cuts in spending

BYLINE: SEÁN MacCONNELL Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Other Stories; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 381 words


FARM LEADERS have complained to the Taoiseach that they have already taken a
disproportionate amount of cuts and that the Government risks damaging the
sector even more by further reductions.

During a meeting of the social partnership, Mr Cowen was told that the sector
had already lost EUR 100 million, from the most vulnerable farmers through the
closure of the Reps 4 scheme, the suckler cow welfare scheme and disadvantaged
areas scheme.

Mr Cowen, who was accompanied by Minister for Agriculture Brendan Smith, was
told by Irish Farmers  Association president Pádraig Walshe that incomes would
drop on farms by between 40 and 50 per cent because of the cuts.

Jackie Cahill, president of the Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association, said
the Taoiseach had explained the EUR 4 billion would come from public service
pay, social welfare cuts and cuts in services. The ICMSA had emphasised the
absolute necessity of developing the exporting sectors without which no economic
recovery was possible.

Mr Walshe said in a statement following the meeting that the Government should
be focused on cutting costs and improving competitiveness.  Instead, Government
cutbacks have contributed to the farm income crisis, particularly for dry stock
farmers.

The farm organisations told Mr Cowen their sector had already been hit
disproportionately and they were already EUR 100 million down because of various
cuts.

Mr Walshe told the Taoiseach that the only response the IFA had received to
proposals identifying savings in the agriculture budget was from the Department
of Finance, which reflected a lack of awareness of the seriousness of the farm
income crisis and the role of the productive agriculture sector.

Senior civil servants were totally out of touch with the critical role farming
played as a productive sector in sustaining economic activity and jobs.

Michael Gowing, president of Macra na Feirme, made a plea for more support for
young farmers and because of the critical role of education, more funding for
Teagasc, which delivers farm eduction to young people.

Mr Gowing also called for continuing State support for the rural transport
programme.

The Irish Cattle and Sheepfarmers Association said it had impressed on the
Taoiseach the danger posed to the sector by more cuts in schemes.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                          September 16, 1999, Thursday

CALL FOR RURAL INCOMES FUNDING

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 260 words


Landowners have called for a Government pledge that cuts in farm support
payments will be invested in creating rural jobs and incomes.

The Country Landowners Association has urged Labour to back Agriculture
Secretary Mr Nick Brown's plans to redirect established funding linked to food
production into other rural support strategies.

In a Ministry of Agriculture consultation paper, A New Direction for Agriculture
, Mr Brown set out proposals to transfer funding into agri -environment schemes,
which reward land managers for conservation and developing non-farm enterprises.

In its response, the CLA has warned that over-regulation is a major obstacle to
farmers' efforts to recover from the collapse in incomes.

Three Counties CLA regional director Mr Geoffrey Hopton, representing
Worcestershire, Herefordshire and Gloucestershire, said: "Mr Brown does have the
future of farming and the rural economy at heart, but his proposals must be
backed by concrete commitments.

"The consultation document makes the case for a re-direction of the Common
Agricultural Policy towards supporting agri-environment schemes and rural
development.

"But we are concerned by the absence of any firm undertaking to provide the
necessary resources for such a switch.

"Farming is being asked to consider giving up support for agriculture with no
assurances that sufficient resources will be redirected to agri-environment, or
to developing environmentally-sympathetic businesses and jobs to replace those
destroyed by agricultural recession."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday

The area's farm economy harvests the growth; Farmers, related businesses find
success, concerns about the future

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Business; Pg. b1

LENGTH: 770 words


A year of exceptionally strong commodity prices has pumped vitality into the
local farm economy, but farmers and the businesses that depend on them wonder
what is around the corner.

Already, grain, cattle and milk prices have come down from impressive highs
earlier this year. In 2003, beef cattle prices hit record highs, and milk prices
set a record earlier this year.

"I would say, in general, 2004 was a good year," said Steve Johnson, a farm
management specialist with Iowa State University Extension. "I think we're going
to see a lot of variability in farm income in northeast Iowa, primarily due to
the extreme weather conditions on crops. But the good news is we have near
record hog prices and good demand for hogs and cattle."

With the highest corn price in eight years, and soybeans reaching a 15-year high
this year, Johnson expects farmers could reap record crop receipts this year.

In 2003, American net farm income hit a record $59 billion, according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture. That was up 59 percent from 2002 earnings, and
about 24 percent above the average of the preceding 10 years.

For 2004, crop receipts are forecast to establish a record on the strength of
high corn and soybean prices. Livestock receipts are forecast to be down nearly
$5 billion, due principally to a decline in beef export demand and a projected
drop in cattle prices.

Area agribusinesses have noticed the turnaround in the farm economy.

"We're having a real good year, probably the best in three or four," said John
Roeder, manager of Roeder Implement in Dubuque. "For a while there dairy was up
so we're selling a lot of hay equipment."

"It's been a pretty decent year," agreed Willis Schmitt, president of Schmitt
Implement, a John Deere dealer in Holy Cross, Iowa. He said forage equipment has
been on many dairy farmers' shopping lists.

"In the spring we were selling a lot of tractors. Now they're starting to look
at combines," Roeder said.

The Association of Equipment Manufacturers reported for the first eight months
of the year tractor sales in the United States were up 13 percent compared to
2003. Year-to-date combine sales leaped 42 percent last year.

Brisk sales at area businesses are a reminder that farming still underpins much
of the tri-state region's economy, said Karen Steinhart, co-owner of Steinhart's
Farm Service in Platteville, Wis. As commodity prices rose, so did Steinhart's
sales of livestock feeding and manure handling equipment.

"It's helping our business," he said. "Without the farmer there would be a lot
of people without jobs."

Business owners believe the buying spree is the result pent-up demand,
accumulated during years of low commodity prices.

"People are buying more new instead of repairing," Steinhart said.

"A lot of farmers were just trying to catch up from what they didn't make in the
last two years," Schmitt said.

"They realize when they have exceptional years it's a good time to strengthen
their balance sheets and pay down some debt," said Steve Krogmeier, senior vice
president for agricultural lending at Dubuque Bank and Trust. "Most farmers are
pretty conservative and the first thing they'll do is reverse debt."

Krogmeier said low interest rates also have been a positive factor in the farm
economy.

Good year or bad, though, farmers must still pay electricity and fuel bills, and
buy feed, seed and fertilizer. But business owners hope stronger commodity
prices will put farmers in the mood to also buy big ticket items, such as
tractors, combines and buildings.

"Those are some of the things that if we do have a good year we might see a
little more spending," said Dale Lattz, a farm management specialist at the
University of Illinois.

That could change quickly. Commodity markets are notoriously volatile, and
predictions of a record large 2004 corn crop and increased soybean production
have pushed prices lower.

"Even though the price has dropped to disappointing levels, the bushels go a
long way to compensating for that," said Iowa State University economist Robert
Wisner.

With prices lower, he still looks for the total value of the corn crop in the
United States to decline around 0.7 percent from 2003, while soybean revenue is
projected to fall about 16 percent.

Wisner does expect some post-harvest price recovery for corn and soybeans.

"Whether we see further strength beyond that depends on the size of the South
American crops," he said.

At the same time, farm profit margins continue to shrink.

"I think the concern now is, are we getting into inflation with input costs?"
Lattz said.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: mugs - Steve Krogmeier, Robert Wisner
Heath Felderman, of Michel's Trucking, unloads a tractor at Roeder Implement in
Key West, Iowa. Roeder Implement is one of many facets connected to the area's
agricultureal economy that has seen benefits from the sector's recent growth.

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday

Steady rise in assets of four NCP mayors: Affidavits

BYLINE: ajay khape

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: Pune


THE Ruling NCP in Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) had given an opportunity to
four of its corporators to hold the coveted post of mayor and become first
citizen of city in the last five years. Interestingly, the election affidavit
submitted by them for the 2017 civic polls shows a considerable rise in their
wealth in the same period.

Watch What Else is Making News

A first time corporator, Vaishali Bankar, was appointed as mayor in 2012 and she
had declared total asset of Rs 81.62 lakh during her first civic election. Now,
contesting the elections in Hadapsar Gaothan-Satavwadi electoral panel, her
affidavit shows that the total assets of her family has increased to Rs 2.58
crore, which includes Rs 1.68 crore of movable assets and Rs 90 lakh of
immovable assets.

The annual income total of her entire family is Rs 9.84 lakh. Bankar has a
personal annual income of Rs 5.77 lakh despite declaring herself as housewife
while her husband Sunil has an annual income of Rs 4.06 lakh being employed. She
and her husband own different vehicles. Bankar owns agriculture land in Raigad
district and her husband has agriculture land in Pune district. She also has a
house registered on her name in Fursungi while her husband does not have a house
registered in his name.

After Bankar, Chanchala Kodre was appointed as the mayor of city and is now
contesting from Mundhwa-Magarpatta city electoral panel. Her assets of Rs 8.01
crore declared in 2012 has now increased to Rs 13.97 crores. It includes movable
assets of Rs 1.82 crore and immovable assets of Rs 12.15 crore. The annual
income of her family is Rs 13 lakh. She is a housewife and has an annual income
of Rs 1.2 lakh while her husband runs a business and has annual income of Rs
11.83 lakh. Kodre does not have any immovable property or vehicle in her name
while her husband owns agriculture land in Baramati and Mundhwa and a commercial
property in Erandwane, apartment on Prabhat Road and has vehicles worth Rs 1.27
crore.

Dattatraya Dhankawade, who held the post of mayor in 2015, is contesting from
Balajinagar Rajiv Gandhi Nagar electoral panel. Dhankawade, while declaring
business as his profession, had furnished that he had an asset of Rs 7.01 crore
in 2012 while his present assets is Rs 27.14 crore, which includes movable
assets of Rs 6.41 crore and immovable assets of Rs 20.72 crore.

Annual income of Dhankawade is Rs 1.02 crore, Rs 96 lakh -self and Rs 6 lakh -
wife. He owns vehicles worth Rs 87 lakh and have jewellery worth Rs 26 lakh (of
the family). Dhankawade has 28 plots of agriculture land registered in his name
that are spread across city and Pune district while wife owns 13 plots of
agriculture land within and outside city limits. Both of them own a commercial
property each while Dhankawade has four apartments and wife has one apartment in
the city. The former mayor has loan of Rs 76 lakh and his wife has a loan of Rs
25 lakh from various financial institutes.

During the end of the current term, the NCP got 38-year-old Prashant Jagtap
elected as the mayor of city. Jagtap had declared Rs 1.05 crore during 2012
civic elections but his assets increased marginally to Rs 1.16 crore in last
five years as disclosed in the affidavit. The assets include Rs 16.52 lakh of
movable asset and Rs 99.89 lakh of immovable asset. He is the sole earner of
family and has an annual income of mere Rs four lakh. Neither Jagtap nor anyone
from his family owns a vehicle. He owns agriculture land and a house in Wanwadi.
The family has a loan of Rs 56 lakh from financial institutes.

Incidentally, former corporator Ratnaprabha Jagtap, mayor's mother, is also
contesting the polls, along with her son and her declaration in 2007 civic polls
was Rs 58.68 lakh, which is now Rs 12.88 crore, including Rs 1.25 crore of
immovable assets that include agriculture land, non-agriculture land, commercial
property and houses.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'A shot in the arm'

BYLINE: Tom Harkin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 361 words


Farmers across the country are well into their spring planting, and Congress is
completing work on a new farm bill that will be a shot in the arm to nutrition
assistance to low-income Americans, agricultural conservation, renewable energy
and rural economic development, while continuing essential farm income
protection.

To meet soaring worldwide demand for food and energy crops, millions of acres of
land are being brought into production. To address this challenge, the new bill
would expand and strengthen the Department of Agriculture's conservation
initiatives that reward farmers and ranchers for their sound conservation
practices.

All-time high gasoline prices are wreaking havoc with family budgets. The new
farm bill would give a major boost to expanding the supply of clean, homegrown,
renewable energy made from biomass and crop byproducts other than grain. We
would support farmers in growing energy crops and help build plants to convert
biomass to fuel.

Because of the economic downturn and rapidly rising prices for food staples,
millions of low-income Americans have joined the ranks of the hungry and "food
insecure." The farm bill would reform and strengthen other federal nutrition
assistance.

This bill would also make significant reforms to traditional farm income support
programs -- for instance, by imposing eligibility caps based on the level of
farm income. Yes, many of us wanted more significant changes, but we have had to
compromise.

There is too much good in this bill to have it fail because it falls short of
politically unachievable standards.

The Senate passed the farm bill with a strong bipartisan majority of 79 votes.
Yet the administration has been missing in action on this bill, refusing to help
negotiate a compromise acceptable to the president.

Like any compromise bill resulting from hard bargaining among regional and other
interests, this farm bill is far from perfect. But it includes real reforms as
well as major advances in conservation, renewable energy, rural economic
development and nutrition. It deserves the president's signature.

Tom Harkin, a Democrat from Iowa, is chairman of the Senate Agriculture
Committee.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 14, 2007 Wednesday

2 PC CONTROL 45PC LAND IN PAKISTAN

LENGTH: 627 words


KARACHI - The agriculture sector in Pakistan is characterised by strong
inequality in the distribution of assets particularly land and water, as two per
cent of the households in Pakistan control more than 45 per cent of the land
area. The influential farmers have also captured the subsidies in water and
agriculture, as well as the benefits of agricultural growth.

The World Bank disclosed this in its report on agriculture sector in South Asia.
Agriculture credit schemes have also mostly benefited large farmers who have
capitalised the implicit subsidies through higher land prices and cheaper access
to mechanization rather than labour, said the bank.

More than two-thirds of Pakistanis live in rural areas, of which about 68 per
cent are employed in agriculture (40 per cent of total labour force). The
agriculture sector accounts for about 22 per cent of the national GDP and has
enjoyed steady growth for almost three decades, substantially contributing to
poverty reduction during the 1970s and 80s.

However, recent trend of agriculture incomes is far less encouraging and rural
poverty was back to 38.9 per cent by 2002, the same level where it was at the
beginning of the 1990s. This has occurred despite generally favourable policies
on prices and markets, and a relatively liberalised environment. While
consecutive droughts have certainly played a detrimental role in the performance
of the sector, it also faces significant structural constraints that hinder the
sector's contribution to economic growth and poverty reduction.

According to World Bank, more than 60 per cent of the poor rural households are
not farm households, with no access to land or water while 38 percent of small
landowning farmers are also poor. Incomes from non-farm activities, including
agricultural products processing, trade, construction, and transport services
already account for 63 per cent of total rural incomes. Well-functioning factor
markets to facilitate access to assets (land, capital, water) and linkages with
non-farm sector are crucial for the growth.

The capacity of the agriculture R&D system has declined sharply during the last
decade, and both the adoption of Green Revolution technologies and the extension
of irrigation have reached saturation levels. Technology for rain fed areas and
livestock is needed while the past focus has been the irrigation sector.
Livestock has been the fastest growing sub-sector, and now comprises almost half
of the agricultural GDP. Another constraint comes from inefficient output
markets and rent seeking in the supply chain systems, with value being captured
by intermediaries. Liberalised markets and the new WTO regime could offer new
opportunities for growth if the Government adopts an effective diversification
strategy.

Irrigation is the single most critical component of water management in the
country. However, it shows signs of inefficiency and degradation:

i) low conveyance efficiency at 45 per cent and deferred maintenance cause both
considerable water losses (though much of that goes back into the aquifer) and
deterioration of major infrastructure (barrages);

ii) illegal pumping from canals and inaccessibility to water by the tail-enders
result in unequal water distribution;

iii) the lack of transparency of the actual water flow causes inter-provincial
water allocation clashes and inefficient water management systems;

iv) supply-driven system cannot accommodate farmers' specific needs;

v) cost recovery is low because of bureaucracy and lack of accountability by the
service provider (Irrigation Department);

vi) water logging, salinity, pollution, and land degradation are becoming
significant; and vii) storage management and water scheduling should be improved
for water shortages.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             July 7, 2004 Wednesday

Free market;
Coupons for seniors offered

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 349 words


If you're at least 60, you may be eligible for coupons that can be redeemed for
free produce at Springfield's downtown farmers market.

Project LIFE Area Agency on Aging will have a sign-up table at the Old Capitol
Farmers Market today and July 14. To be eligible, a senior in a one-person
household must have an income of no more than $17,224. For a family of two, the
maximum household income is $23,107. When you sign up, you'll need to declare
your income, but you don't need to bring any documents to prove it.

The Senior Farmers Market Coupon Program is a nationwide U.S. Department of
Agriculture initiative. In Illinois, it is administered by the Illinois
Department of Human Services.

Project LIFE Area Agency on Aging handles the coupons in Sangamon County. This
is the third year that the program has been offered here.

Each coupon booklet contains 14 coupons, each worth $2. The coupons can be
redeemed for locally grown fresh fruits and vegetables at the stands of
participating vendors. (Those stands will display signs.)

Applicants do not have to live in Sangamon County to qualify. Coupons are valid
through the last day of the Springfield farmers market, Oct. 31.

Last year, Project LIFE distributed 1,989 coupon booklets worth $55,692. If
coupons remain available after July 14, Project LIFE staff may add additional
sign-up dates at the market.

Seniors may receive only one booklet per season.

The Old Capitol Farmers Market is open from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesdays and
Saturdays on Adams Street between Third and Fifth streets.

The coupons also can be redeemed at the Jacksonville Farmers Market at Lincoln
Square (7 a.m. to noon Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, 901 W. Morton Ave.)
and at the Chatham Farmers Market in Chatham (4 to 7 p.m. Thursdays on the
village square).

For more information about the program, contact Project LIFE Area Agency on
Aging at 787-9234 or (800) 252-2918.

In Morgan County, the coupons are distributed by the Prairie Council on Aging,
which can be reached at 479-4600 Ext. 247, or (800) 862-4464.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           March 19, 1997, Wednesday

DANI PUBLISHES FARMING FIGURES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 274 words


The Department of Agriculture for Northern Ireland has published its Statistical
Review of Northern Ireland Agriculture 1996 and Farm Incomes in Northern
Ireland, 1995/96, their release timed to coincide with that of the corresponding
national publication, Agriculture in the United Kingdom 1996.

The Statistical Review includes a wide range of economic and physical data which
presents a comprehensive picture of Northern Ireland agriculture in 1996 and
enables comparisons to be made with earlier years.

It contains details of the 1996 aggregate agricultural account which was
released in a summarised form on January 31 and showed a six per cent decline in
total income from farming.

Farm Incomes in Northern Ireland is based on data collected in the annual Farm
Business Survey and contains information on returns, costs, subsidies,
borrowings and investments for the main types of farm business in 1994/95 and
1995/96, plus sections on enterprise gross margins and fixed costs.

It includes findings on improvements in net farm incomes in 1995/96 on five of
seven types of farms covered, exceptions being general cropping and cattle and
sheep (lowland) farms, with pig and poultry showing the largest increase.

Net farm incomes are forecast to have declined in 1996/97 for all farm types
apart from pigs and poultry.

Almost half of farms had no bank borrowings in 1995/96 and only seven per cent
pounds 50,000 or more. Gross margins for dairy cows, lowland and DA suckler
cows, pigs, cereals and LFA breeding ewes improved in 1995/96 but those for SDA
suckler cows, lowland breeding ewes and potatoes declined.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1997 Century Newspapers Limited


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                            December 1, 2015 Tuesday

Will the hoe economics deliver growth?

BYLINE: Ismail Musa Ladu & Dorothy Nakaweesi

LENGTH: 1307  words


The issue. Even as government defends the President's decision to distribute
hoes, many Ugandans doubt how they  will deliver the country's 2020 agenda of
attaining a middle income status

The National Resistance Movement (NRM) government has a gigantic plan: A plan to
deliver Uganda to a middle income country by 2020. Uganda, according to an April
Credit Suisse report, is a low income country with an estimated average income
per adult of $674 (Shs2.5m). World Bank specifics put middle income earners at
between $1,036 (Shs3.8m) and $12,615 (Shs47.3m). In August President Museveni
told Ugandans in a message that "owing to NRM achievements, especially bringing
peace, the historical league and party structures seconded me to pick nomination
forms for NRM chairman and presidential flag bearer 2016 with a mission of
leading Uganda to a middle income country by 2020." The message, though short on
details, asked Ugandans to "join me (President Museveni) on this rewarding
journey", which, according to National Development Plan (NDP) specifics would,
in the next five years, give every Ugandan an average monthly income of $1,033
(aboutShs3.8m). However, the irony is the lack of any tangible or immediate plan
that could miraculously pull the more than 64 per cent of unemployed Ugandans to
a level where they can earn President Museveni's planned Shs3.8m monthly income
in just five years. More exposing are the recent campaign promises that fall
short but only promise to give Ugandans hoes to promote agriculture as well as
establishing industries where there is no electricity supply.

In a letter, that appeared to have shocked many, President Museveni, on November
20, directed Prime Minister Ruhakana Rugunda, to expedite a Cabinet discussion
that had pledged to deliver 18 million hoes to six million smallholder farmers.
The hoes, which are rudimentary by nature, according to experts can hardly
deliver on government's agenda of commercialised agriculture but President
Museveni argues they will guard against food insecurity. Government, will in the
2016/17 Budget, need Shs180b, which is almost 30 per cent of Shs417b allocated
this financial year to the ministry of Agriculture, to buy 18 million hoes at an
approximated cost of Shs10,000 each. The amount is on the assumption that it
will be free of bureaucratic exaggerations and the supplier will be chosen on
the supposition of the lowest price quotations. The hoes agenda is a departure
from a 2006 pledge by government to deliver "walking tractors" with harrowing
implements to farmer groups at parish level to boost agriculture production.
Disappointing Interviewed for this article, former agriculture minister,
Victoria Ssekitooleko, just like many Ugandans, questioned why in this day and
age government would even be talking of hoes, which as she said: "When I hear of
farmers being promised hoes I feel like fainting. "It is only fair and prudent
that they (farmers) be provided with tools that will help them increase
production but not hoes," she said. Equally shocked is Charles Ogang, the
president of Uganda National Farmers' Federation, who upto now does not believe
that President Museveni genuinely made such a promise. "This must be a political
statement made at a spur of the (political) moment. Farmers deserve better if
they are to move to the next stage," he said. But beyond the politics is a
seemingly disillusioned farming population whose problems, according to Daniel
Lukwago, a researcher and economist with Nanner Consult, are beyond the hoes.
"People (farmers) can afford that (hoes). The problems are market, post-harvest
handling and need for information that can help farmers yield better crops." And
for this Musa Muwanga, the National Organic Agricultural Movement of Uganda
chief executive officer, believes farmers' issues should look at a more serious
approach that will make it easier for them to afford more than hoes. "We are
doing very badly in terms of storage. At the airport (Entebbe) there is only one
storage facility that is normally filled by a single company. Let's address such
issues and creating sustainable market and people will be able to buy hoes for
themselves." Therefore, according to Yona Kanyomozi, an economist and retired
politician, President Museveni should desist from making such jokes considering
that "the cost involved (Shs180b) is outrageous", and "this money should be used
to strengthen farmers' cooperatives or invested in agricultural research." Right
move But to those in government President Museveni's message could have been
misconstrued as Joseph Muvawala thinks tractors cannot deliver in isolation.
Muvawala, who is the National Planning Authority (NPA) executive director, says
"even if you have a tractor you cannot use it to dig a hole - so you cannot
phase out hoes". The hoes, he says, are just but part of the larger strategic
plan that seeks to pull the rural poor out of poverty. The strategic plan, as
drawn out in NPA's agenda, involves distribution of other farm inputs including
seedlings and fertilisers, among others. Such initiatives, Aggrey Bagiire, says
are necessary and it is the President's discretion to choose what to give and
not to. "I am now on ground and as you may want to know, farmers borrow hoes
from neighbours. If the President, in his wisdom, thinks it is okay, then why
not, he is the President," Bagiire who was until recently the state minister for
agriculture, said. But beyond the President's desires, according to Ezra Suruma,
a Presidential Advisor and former finance minister, is the need to rethink
strategies because "we tried using hand tractors which we imported from Thailand
and China but did not work. People still need hoes". But challenged to explain
whether this was not a departure from government's agenda of attaining a middle
income economy, Suruma said: "Modernisation of agriculture takes time. We can't
get there in one day. And I believe people still need hoes because it is an
important tool." Justified Therefore, Suruma, just like others in government,
believe it is commendable that President Museveni boldly thought and made a
decision to procure hoes for the rural poor, because as he says, farmers "have
previously been provided with tractors but instead used them for transport
purposes". But to others, such as Gideon Badagawa, the Private Sector Foundation
Uganda executive director, the hoe only but demonises farming. "Whatever number
of hoes is procured will not lead this country into a middle income status come
2020," he said. Alternatively, Badagawa, says farmers should be organised into
groups through which they can be provided with advanced implements such as
tractors in order to achieve commercial agriculture. Aly Khan Satchu, a Nairobi
based markets analyst, thinks the challenge of sub-Saharan Africa agriculture is
land sub-division, therefore, "I think the President being cognisant of the
existing landscape is targeting this important small-holder farmer community."
Failing to do enough Some of President Museveni's promises, according to
analysts, could be out of touch and unrealistic to the current challenges.
Uganda is currently grappling with massive youth unemployment which the Uganda
Bureau of Statistics recently put at more than 80 per cent. Majority of Ugandan
youth are not involved in gainful employment and few, if any, have taken the
trouble to engage in agriculture due to its rudimentary nature. However, much of
this is blamed on government's failure to invest in the sector. For instance,
analysts argue, government has not invested enough, especially in research which
could help to promote commercial agriculture. Government, has since 2003, failed
to implement the Maputo Declaration which requires that African governments
allocate 10 per cent of their budgets to agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2015 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           January 22, 2011 Saturday

Amarinder bats for shift in Punjab's farm policy

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: Gurdaspur


Gurdaspur, Jan. 22 -- Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee (PPCC) president Captain
Amarinder Singh on Friday called for a paradigm shift in the State's agriculture
policy to revive the State economy. He said, while the population was increasing
the land holdings were decreasing and the income declining resulting in poverty
among the farmers.

Addressing a mammoth rally at the PUDA ground, Captain Amarinder regretted that
the current Akali-BJP Government had done nothing worth the name for agriculture
sector. "In fact, it did nothing for anyone, be it agriculture, the industry or
the educated youth", he observed while saying the industry was moving out and
the agriculture incomes were shrinking.

Former Chief Minister pointed out that during his previous tenure he had ensured
the commitment of big industrial groups, including the Reliance Industries, to
invest in farming so that the income of the farmers could be enhanced. "But this
Government for petty politics cancelled all those projects," he said.

Lashing out at the SAD leaders, he pointed out that they had devastated Punjab
bringing it down from number one position much below the worst performing
states. He said that the Akalis had no vision for the progress of Punjab, but
were instead obsessed with getting themselves rich.

He asked, "How is it otherwise that while Punjab and Punjabis are getting poorer
and poorer day by day, the Badals were getting richer and richer building malls
and hotels?"

He said, theirs was a team of thieves and robbers who had robbed Punjab and its
people of sand mining, liquor trade, transport business, cable networks and
everything else."

Replying to Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Badal's offer that the Congress should
give the names of 30,000 workers who have falsely been implicated in various
cases, Captain said: "We have submitted the copies of over 20,000 FIRs
registered against the Congress workers to the Election Commission of India on
the eve of Parliamentary elections."

Addressing the rally local MP and senior party leader Partap Singh Bajwa
promised full support to Captain Amarinder Singh. He said, "This region will
give you the maximum number of MLAs to ensure that you become the Chief Minister
of Punjab once again." He said that the mammoth gathering at Gurdaspur had
marked the beginning of the end for the SAD-BJP Government. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East African Business Week (Kampala)

                               December 21, 2014

Uganda Faces Agriculture Output Drop

LENGTH: 972 words


Researchers say since agriculture generates relatively low incomes for its
workers, this puts a policy question on the productivity of jobs held in the
sector. In their recent published findings, they say being the major sector in
Uganda, a small contraction in agriculture employment leads to a very large
negative effect on growth so that the positive effect in services and industry
could not offset it, writes

.

Agriculture is repeatedly described as the backbone of Uganda's economy. But in
terms of productivity, it has the lowest output per worker researchers say.

According to Edward Bbaale, a researcher with Centre for Basic Research and
School of Economics at Makerere University, it implies that the majority of
workers in Uganda are holders of low paying jobs.

This is an issue, which means that there are low prospects of overcoming the
problem of poverty by those employed in agriculture.

"Even when Uganda records growth in the agricultural and manufacturing sectors,
youths remain jobless while growth in the services and industrial sectors is
generating jobs for them.

"So, is it necessary for so many Ugandans to engage in agriculture? Especially,
at this point in time, when the demographic changes of the population are
generating a window of opportunity to raise per capita income and thus reduce
poverty?" Bbaale said.

Bbaale, in his research paper entitled 'Is Uganda's Growth Profile Jobless?',
points out that more people should be engaged in other productive activities and
sectors rather than agriculture if Uganda has to reduce on its poverty levels
and create jobs for the young people. He however, cautions that agriculture
still remains important because it is a major employer in Uganda.

His paper sets out to establish the link between economic growth and employment
in Uganda for the period 2006 to 2011. Data is from World Development
Indicators, Uganda National Household Panel Survey (2011) and United Nations
Statistical Data Base. Researchers adopted the Job Generation and Decomposition
(JoGGs) Tool of the World Bank during the analysis.

One notable finding is that there are now fewer dependents per working age
adults and this trend is likely to continue.

"If East African governments are to cope with the pace at which new young
entrants will come into the job market in the next decade, there is an urgent
need for new innovative approaches to accommodate this youth bulge," Eugenia
Kayitesi, Executive Director of the Institute of Policy Analysis and Research
(IPAR-Rwanda) said.

Overall, the promising sectors for poverty reduction through productivity and
employment generation in Uganda by order of importance are; services sector,
industrial sector and manufacturing. If adults manage to engage in these
sectors, the demographic shift will have an important poverty reducing impact.

The services sector was employing over 2 million Ugandans, that is 19% in 2006
and 22% in 2011 of the labor force. It had all its contributions positive;
contributed 39% to output per worker and 14% to the growth in employment.

Since agriculture generates low income for its workers this puts a policy
question on the productivity of jobs held in the agricultural sector.

Apparently, agriculture contributes to a decline in the employment rate by 6.5
percentage points. But there are positive increments noted in the services and
industrial sector with 1.73 and 0.5 percentage points, respectively.

Of the -20 US dollars registered in per capita output, agriculture and
manufacturing contributed negatively with -29 and -0.8 US dollars, respectively.

Services and industry contributed positively 7.7 and 2.1 US dollars,
respectively.

These findings combined with high productivity in services and industrial
sectors give a great prospect to these sectors in an effort to reduce poverty
via employment creation.

Agriculture being the major sector in Uganda, a small contraction in employment
led to a very big negative effect on growth such that the positive effect in
services and industry could not offset it.

IPAR-Rwanda in collaboration with Canada's International Development Research
Centre (IDRC) convened a high level conference on innovative approaches to
incorporate youth into labour markets in the East African region in November
2014 in Kigali, Rwanda.

In his presentation at the conference, Bbaale said at least 25% youth could not
find suitable work and 64% were discouraged from looking for work because they
thought that a job search would be a futile effort. 9 percent did not know where
to seek for work.

For those who managed to get employment, 52% did not have a contract with the
employer, they had an oral contract with an unlimited duration. Some youth were
self-employed and most of them raised their own start-up capital for their
businesses.

Most youth's reason for becoming self-employed were voluntary because they had a
desire to become independent and more flexible hours of work, said Bbaale of his
research.

Bbaale says governments in East Africa should be mindful of the influx of the
youth to urban centres. And the education systems should orient towards
relevancy to the job market.

Arjan de Haan, the Program Leader of IDRC's supporting inclusive growth
programme said, "Supporting youth to find productive employment is a global
priority, the situation in Africa could not be more urgent."

He also found out that very few young people have benefited from the government
youth fund. The majority of the youth also argued that government programmes
were not addressing youth unemployment and were not innovative.

"Research and evidence coupled with experience sharing between countries in the
region, and giving the youth a voice are all critical ingredients to providing
policy makers and practitioners with the tools that are needed to address this
growing challenge," Arjan de Haan said.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

AusAID boost women forum

BYLINE: By Seniorl Anzu

SECTION: RURAL INDUSTRY; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 394 words


The funding support of K100,000 by AusAID towards the roundtable talk between
the PNG Women in Agriculture Development Foundation (PNGWiADF) and key
stakeholders in the agriculture sector last week was to ensure PNGWiADF has a
strategic plan which is agreed and supported by the stakeholders.

The development of the plan was a major outcome of the meeting with defined
vision and mission statements and values, which were drafted by members of the
new organisation.

AusAID agricultural program manager Hazel Mamae said the support was also to
have PNGWiADF develop partnerships and collaborations with the stakeholders so
that they all can work together in finding answers to improve food security and
increase income.

Partnership and collaboration is the way forward to develop the agriculture
sector owing to its diversity and the stakeholders involved in the various
stages of the production and value, Ms Mamae said.

The meeting took place at NARI, Bubia from March 29-31. It was facilitated by
the Consultative Implementation Monitoring Council, Rural Industries Council and
AusAIDs Agricultural Research and Development Support Facility (ARDSF).

Chief Secretary Manasupe Zurenuoc was the keynote guest while chairman of NARI
Council, Dr John Kola, Deputy Secretary for Department of Agriculture and
Livestock Francis Diank and other representations from commodity boards,
agricultural research and development organisations, partners and NGOs attended.

Ms Mamae said AusAID recognised the significance and potential of PNG
agriculture sectors contributions towards food security and income generation
for the rural majority and would continue to support the development of the
sector in a more strategic manner owing to its complexity. And because women had
been the mainstay of agriculture, supporting their participation in the sector
was vital, she said.

She said the strategic plan will create a new chapter in womens efforts to
improve food security and income and should set a direction for womens
contribution in the agriculture sector.

Ms Mamae also highlighted AusAIDs strategic programs in agriculture in PNG ARDSF
($38 million 2007-2012), Collaborative Agricultural Research for development
program with the Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research ($9.5
million 2008-2012), and PNG-Australia Quarantine Twinning Scheme ($2 million
2006-2010).

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             April 8, 2010 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

AusAID boost women forum

BYLINE: By Seniorl Anzu

SECTION: RURAL INDUSTRY; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 394 words


The funding support of K100,000 by AusAID towards the roundtable talk between
the PNG Women in Agriculture Development Foundation (PNGWiADF) and key
stakeholders in the agriculture sector last week was to ensure PNGWiADF has a
strategic plan which is agreed and supported by the stakeholders.

The development of the plan was a major outcome of the meeting with defined
vision and mission statements and values, which were drafted by members of the
new organisation.

AusAID agricultural program manager Hazel Mamae said the support was also to
have PNGWiADF develop partnerships and collaborations with the stakeholders so
that they all can work together in finding answers to improve food security and
increase income.

Partnership and collaboration is the way forward to develop the agriculture
sector owing to its diversity and the stakeholders involved in the various
stages of the production and value, Ms Mamae said.

The meeting took place at NARI, Bubia from March 29-31. It was facilitated by
the Consultative Implementation Monitoring Council, Rural Industries Council and
AusAIDs Agricultural Research and Development Support Facility (ARDSF).

Chief Secretary Manasupe Zurenuoc was the keynote guest while chairman of NARI
Council, Dr John Kola, Deputy Secretary for Department of Agriculture and
Livestock Francis Diank and other representations from commodity boards,
agricultural research and development organisations, partners and NGOs attended.

Ms Mamae said AusAID recognised the significance and potential of PNG
agriculture sectors contributions towards food security and income generation
for the rural majority and would continue to support the development of the
sector in a more strategic manner owing to its complexity. And because women had
been the mainstay of agriculture, supporting their participation in the sector
was vital, she said.

She said the strategic plan will create a new chapter in womens efforts to
improve food security and income and should set a direction for womens
contribution in the agriculture sector.

Ms Mamae also highlighted AusAIDs strategic programs in agriculture in PNG ARDSF
($38 million 2007-2012), Collaborative Agricultural Research for development
program with the Australian Centre for International Agricultural Research ($9.5
million 2008-2012), and PNG-Australia Quarantine Twinning Scheme ($2 million
2006-2010).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 March 13, 1999

Scrap support - barley baron

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: CAP, Pg.25

LENGTH: 382 words


THIS week's European agreement on reform of the Common Agricultural Policy is a
cop out, according to leading critic of farm subsidies, Oliver Walston.

The controversial Cambridgeshire barley baron, whose recent four-part series on
BBC2 attacking the largesse of the EU towards farmers sparked off a storm of
protest, told the annual dinner in Aberdeen of the North-east Scotland Farm
Management Association that all farm subsidies should be phased out over the
next five years.

He said: "It won't happen, of course, because politicians haven't got the guts
to do it, but British farmers would be the net gainers in a subsidy-free Europe.

"We would eat the rest of European farmers for breakfast because of the stronger
structure of farming in the UK compared with other European countries."

Mr Walston said the world had changed since the immediate post-war years when
food self-sufficiency was the primary aim and there was a need to improve the
income of European farmers to match industrial workers and stop them voting for
Communism.

Mountains

He said: "The CAP has been brilliantly successful in meeting those objectives.
We have mountains of butter, beef and grain in Europe and Communism is dead."

Attacking EU farm ministers for failing to grasp the nettle of reform under the
Agenda 2000 proposals, Mr Walston said this week's agreement was unsustainable
because it would cost too much, failed to meet the demands of the World Trade
Organisation and did not take account of EU enlargement.

Subsidies should be phased out - with two exceptions. Farmers in less favoured
areas should receive an annual cheque to recognise their natural disadvantages
which prevented them from competing in a free market and "green" subsidies
should be paid for looking after the countryside in an environmentally-friendly
way.

"All other subsidies should be abolished," Mr Walston maintained. "The trouble
is you are all subsidy junkies and you have convinced yourselves you can't live
without taxpayers' support."

New chairman of the NEFMA is Bruce Mackie, of Netherhill, St Fergus.

The new vice-chairman is Philip Benzie, Gairnieston, Turriff. Alan Sinclair, of
W D Johnston and Carmichael, Thainstone Centre, has succeeded Jane Mitchell,
Clydesdale Bank, Inverurie, as secretary.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 1, 1986, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Livestock prices cited as factor for slight rise in farm incomes

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - Rising livestock prices will mean a slight improvement in net
farm incomes this year but the situation remains bleak for grain growers, the
agriculture department says.

Canadian wheat sales at mid-1986 were down $321 million from a year ago, the
department said this week in its quarterly report, with further declines
expected because of the strike-lockout of grain handlers at Thunder Bay.

The outlook for consumers remains good, however, with food price increases
expected to remain in the 4 per cent range.

There will be higher pork and chicken prices for the rest of the year, the
report stated, and fresh fruit and vegetable prices won't drop as much as usual
this fall.

The department said farm income will be marginally higher than the $4.22 billion
forecast in June. Higher livestock prices and lower feed costs are helping beef,
hog and poultry producers but grain, cash crop and horticulture growers are
suffering from lower prices.

The lower grain prices and exports are also hurting the country's balance of
trade in agricultural products. It is expected to drop to between $1.5 billion
and $2.5 billion compared with the $3 billion level of last year.

The department said it expected wheat production to reach 31.3 million tonnes.
The average price for wheat will be $177 a tonne for the crop year which began
Aug. 1 compared with $249 last year.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1986 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 13, 1988, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Farm incomes predicted to decline after record high

BYLINE: Frances Philips

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 452 words


  Farm incomes are expected to fall, grain prices should remain buoyant and
retail food prices will rise only slightly next year, according to Agriculture
Canada.

''The central message is one of uncertainty,'' said Douglas Hedley, at
Agriculture Canada's Outlook conference yesterday. Hedley is director general of
Agriculture Canada's planning and co-ordination branch.

After hitting a record high of $5.24 billion this year, realized net farm income
(after deducting farm expenses and depreciation) is forecast to decline nearly
16% next year to $4.43 billion.

Lower cash receipts from the grains sector - where wheat yields are down 40%
from 1987-88 - and higher labor, transportation, animal feed and fertilizer
prices will contribute to the decline.

These increased costs will push farm operating costs up 9% and cost farmers an
extra $1 billion next year, according to Agriculture Canada. The forecast
includes government subsidy payments and an expected rise in interest rates in
1989.

However, for those farmers with grain in the bin, the outlook is not quite so
dismal.

Low world grains and oilseeds stocks could result in a volatile commodity market
in 1989-90. Production problems in any major grain-producing areas next year
would send prices shooting up again, warn Agriculture Canada economists.

The prospect of a buoyant market will put about 10% more wheat acreage into
production in Canada next year. On a global scale, world wheat production is
expected to increase by 4.5%, to 525 million metric tons next year.

Over the longer term, however, economists warn that the 62-year downward trend
in real wheat prices (adjusted for inflation) will continue after several years
of good harvests and stockpiles are replenished.

Higher feed grain costs have cut margins for livestock producers, and some
forced cattle sales over the summer depressed carcase prices. But slightly lower
production next year should bolster prices again.

Surprisingly, the drought is expected to have a marginal impact at the retail
counter in 1989, with economists pegging food inflation at just 3% to 5% higher
in 1989 than this year. Higher wages, packaging and transportation costs are
responsible for a major portion of this increase, according to Agriculture
Canada.

Although the drought pushed up feed costs for egg, chicken and turkey producers
- resulting in higher retail prices late last summer - food inflation will be
only 2.8% this year, down from 4.4% in 1987.

The food retailing sector should see increased sales and stronger demand in
1989. Spending on food, beverages and tobacco is forecast to rise by about 2% -
about in line with the 1988 trend.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graph: Net farm income: illion

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 Financial Post Ltd.


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

A good deal for farmers

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 469 words


The agreement by EU agriculture ministers this week on proposals to reform the
Common Agricultural Policy (Cap) represents one of the early successes of
Ireland's EU presidency term. For Minister for Agriculture Simon Coveney, who
chaired two days of talks that saw 25 of the 27 member states support a common
negotiating position, it was a considerable achievement. As council president he
needed to find a compromise that other member states could accept. And as
Minister he was no doubt mindful of Ireland's specific concerns, though
precluded from representing them. The draft agreement has been broadly welcomed,
both by the European Commission and by Irish farming interests. Next month
discussions will start with MEPs, who, for the first time , have co-decision
powers in this area.

The commission's original proposals for reform favoured a change in the current
payments system to farmers, where the most productive farmers have received the
highest payments. Under the single farm payment scheme in Ireland this meant the
average income of farmers on the east coast, where farms are larger and land
more productive, has been higher than those on the west coast, where farm sizes
are smaller, land is of more limited use and of poorer quality. The commission
had proposed that by 2019 every farm owner would receive the same payment per
acre, without regard to a farm's output or to a farmer's reliance on it for
income. This move towards the equalisation of farm incomes would produce winners
and losers, with gains for small farmers and losses for large farmers.

EU agriculture ministers have now proposed that member states be allowed greater
flexibility in making the transition to a flat rate system for the single farm
payment. And they also favoured a voluntary, rather than mandatory, minimum
payment to farmers, regardless of their farming activity. The IFA had, quite
rightly, argued that mandatory payments could result in a redistribution of
funds to inactive farmers, from the country's most productive farmers.

Past decades have seen a sharp fall in agriculture's share of the EU budget.
When Ireland joined the EEC in 1973, agriculture spending accounted for over
four-fifths of the annual budget. This year the figure will be some 40 per cent.
That reflects both the decline in agriculture and, with the expansion of the EU
to include more member states, came the need for increased spending in other
areas of economic activity. With global food prices continuing to rise and set
to increase by 40 per cent by 2030, the utility of Cap in protecting the
interests of producers and consumers, as prescribed in the Treaty of Rome in
1957, remains. That requires a fair standard of living for farmers and
reasonable prices for consumers, something which the much-maligned Cap continues
to achieve.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

SINDH COLLECTS RS 12.85B REVENUE IN EIGHT MONTHS

LENGTH: 536 words


KARACHI - The Sindh government has collected 86 per cent tax and non-tax revenue
during the first eight months of current financial year, sources in Sindh
finance department told The Nation on Wednesday.  The collection of tax and non
tax receipts of current financial year amount to Rs.12.853billion (86%) which
are higher in comparison with the same period of last fiscal. The total tax
receipts target of current FY 2006-07 had been fixed at Rs.21.808 billion.

The tax revenue target in current FY 2006-07 was 15.103 billion and in eight
months the collection of revenues amounted to 9.267 billion, which stood at 92
percent tax receipts target. The Agriculture Income Tax and Land tax was main
tax but the collection of said tax was below expectation like the past many
years.

The target of Agriculture Income tax in current budget was set at Rs 450
million, the official of finance department said and disclosed that Sindh
government has collected only Rs.82.803 million during last eight months, which
stood at 28% of total tax target. According to official report the revenue
collection in terms of agriculture income tax of eight months should have been
Rs.300million.

The official said that the poor return in agriculture income tax was repeating
the history and this poor performance also continued in the current FY.
Meanwhile the revenue collection in terms of land revenue was Rs.56.370million
(77%) in eight months against the target of Rs.73million in budget. The total
land revenue target was set at Rs.110million in current FY.

The revenue was collected Rs.370.378million (79%) in terms of transfer of
property tax (registration) against the total budgetary target Rs.700million of
current financial year. This tax is received from the transfer of property and
allotment or on handing over attorney powers.

The tax receipts of electricity duty was Rs.91.553million (27%) in last eight
months from the tax target of Rs.500million in current budget.   The revenue
collected from stamp duty stood at Rs.2.425billion (76%) in last eight months,
while the overall target of the collection revenue from this head was projected
at Rs.4.800billion in the current budget. The stamp duty is being collected from
air tickets and judicial papers.

The tax collection in terms of motor vehicles was 99% and cotton fees collection
was 86% in eight months. While the tax receipts from the hotel tax was only
Rs.10.363million (11%) from budgetary target of Rs.140million in current
financial year. Whereas the non tax receipts target was set Rs.6.705billion in
current and total amounted received was Rs.3.289billion (74%) in the first eight
months. The non tax receipts are those which being received on services
government provides to its citizens in education, health, public health, police
and other various sectors.

The non tax receipts of eight months were also below the target of eight months.
The receipts on examination fees received in educational institutions in eight
months was only 37%, fiscal administration audit was Rs.7.093million, receipts
from police departments was Rs.251million, 1.668 million from prisons,
139million from health while Rs 6.429 million were raised from fisheries
Rs.6.429.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sub-National/Local Taxes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     July 21, 1999 Wednesday Final Edition

FARM INCOMES PLUNGING: STUDY;
FEDERAL AGRICULTURE DEPARTMENT SAYS PRAIRIES HARDEST HIT BY FLOODS, LOW GRAIN
PRICES, RISING EXPENSES CUTTING FARM INCOME THIS YEAR BY ALMOST HALF.

BYLINE: SANDRA CORDON, THE CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


You don't have to tell Bob Thomas that farm incomes are plunging this year -- he
lives with it every day.

Most of Thomas's farm near Milestone, Sask., has been underwater.

Floods and a decade of low grain prices has forced many of his neighbours to
find jobs off the farm. And it could eventually drive them right off the land,
he says.

"We are in a crisis."

Nationally, net farm income will be cut by almost half this year, dropping to
$1.78 billion from an average of $3.33 billion a year from 1994 to 1998,
according to Agriculture Canada projections released yesterday.

Besides the direct hit on farmers, grocery and hardware stores, gas stations and
other services that rely on farm business will also feel the crunch.

"We are going to see a crash in our economies ... everyone's going into survival
mode," warned Thomas, who was able to seed only 25 per cent of his land this
year.

"On the Prairies, we're just forgotten."

Worst hit will be flood-plagued Saskatchewan and Manitoba, where farmers will
likely end this farm year deeply in the hole.

The two provinces have taken several hits: the wrath of Mother Nature, coupled
with plunging prices for grain and oilseed crops while prices go up for
fertilizers, pesticides and other expenses.

"It's all had a devastating impact," said Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's
agriculture minister.

On Monday, Ottawa and Saskatchewan announced flood relief of $50 per unseeded
acre for waterlogged farmers in that province. A similar deal is being
negotiated with Manitoba.

Still, Saskatchewan farmers are projected to lose $89 million this year,
compared with an average net income of $760 million a year the previous four
years.

In Manitoba, producers will be hit even harder, likely down $100 million in 1999
compared with an earlier average income of $335 million a year.

Alberta farmers will see their net income drop to $545 million this year from an
average $729 million a year between 1994 and 1998.

Net cash income looks more positive, falling nationally to $5.85 billion this
year from an average $6.2 billion. But that clouds the true position of farms
since it doesn't include dropping inventories and depreciation.

That was a factor in falling net farm incomes in Ontario and Quebec, says
Agriculture Canada, which consulted the provinces before making projections.

Livestock inventories have been dropping dramatically in central Canada as the
industry is now at the bottom of its economic cycle, officials say. Higher
livestock expenses mean that area is likely to under-perform grains by 2001,
they add.

Total net income that averaged $498 million a year in Ontario over the past four
years will drop to a projected $302 million in 1999.

Quebec farmers may not be hit quite as hard, falling to $738 million from $764
million.

Even these income projections may be on the rosy side, farmers warn.

Agriculture Canada expects the picture to brighten by 2000 with a total national
net income rebounding to $3.77 billion -- higher than the annual average in 1994
through 1998.

But that's based on the assumption that Ottawa's $1.5-billion farm support
program pays out its full kitty.

Critics say the program is too complex and won't hit many of the needy.

Farm income projections are brighter in British Columbia and Atlantic Canada,
which relies heavily on potato crops.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 31, 1987 Saturday

Latest forecast puts farm income for this year considerably   higher

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 494 words


Staff and Canadian Press
  Canadian farm incomes will be considerably higher in 1987 than was
predicted in December, according to a new forecast from the federal
Department of Agriculture.

The department yesterday released an updated and considerably more
favorable forecast of Canadian realized net farm income that takes into
account Ottawa's $1-billion program to partly compensate grain growers for
dropping prices on world markets.

The previous forecast by the department's economists, which they issued
in mid-December, indicated that 1987 net farm income would drop 18 per
cent from that of 1985.

But that prediction did not take into account the $1-billion Special
Canadian Grains Program announced by Prime Minister Brian Mulroney after
the Government's initial estimate was prepared.

Taking that program into consideration, the department said, its
economists consulted Statistics Canada and the provinces and came up with
a new forecast of 1987 realized net farm income of $4.74-billion, little
changed from last year.

The extra $1-billion will raise total farm cash receipts to $20.4-
billion this year, the department also said.

In addition to the special program, the federal Government is committed
to paying farmers substantial amounts under the Western Grain
Stabilization Program , which was designed to bail out farmers in tough
times.

That program is about $200-million in debt, and farm analysts say as
much as $1-billion will be paid out this year under the plan's formula,
with Ottawa having to cover the deficit.

The Canadian Wheat Board is also expected to suffer major losses
selling grain on world markets again this year - money that will have to
be picked up by Ottawa.

The main impact of the special grains program will be felt on the
Prairies where the importance of the grain and oilseed crops is highest,
the Agriculture Department said.

According to the latest forecast, Saskatchewan's 1987 realized net farm
income is expected to be 34 per cent higher than in 1986. However, it
said, 1986 was a low income year for that province.

Farm incomes are expected to decline in Manitoba - by 21 per cent - and
in Alberta - by 29 per cent. On all three prairie provinces, the
department said, 1987 estimated farm income will be down 5 per cent from
the estimated 1985 level.

The department predicted, moreover, that the $1-billion special program
will have little impact on production decisions in 1987, so its crop and
livestock forecasts were unchanged.

It said farm depreciation costs in 1987 will be marginally higher than
originally reported since some of the $1-billion will be invested in
machinery and structures, raising the value of farm capital stock.

It also suggested that the program may stimulate modest increases in
farmers' spending on goods such as fertilizer and on repairs to machinery.

Partly offsetting those increases, a department statement said, "should
be a decline in interest costs as the more financially vulnerable
recipients reduce their outstanding debt."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 4, 2007 Sunday

Proposed changes to farm bill shouldn't impact most local farmers

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 823 words


Feb. 4--WATERLOO -- Agriculture experts say they would be surprised if Northeast
Iowa farmers experience a negative impact from proposed changes to the farm
bill.

If President Bush's administration has its way, subsidy payments will be tied to
income, not commodity prices. Under the proposals, producers who make more than
$200,000 a year after expenses -- including income from off-farm jobs and
investments -- would not be eligible for government help.

U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns told farmers Thursday at the Iowa
Power Farming Show in Des Moines that the next farm bill will help eliminate
wasteful spending. At the same time, he said the bill will not take away the
safety net for producers.

Johanns, who grew up on a dairy farm near Osage, announced the plan a day
earlier.

An estimated 80,000 subsidy recipients nationwide would no longer be eligible
for payments, officials said. Two Iowa State University farm bill experts said
it's possible, but unlikely, Northeast Iowa farmers would be disqualified.

Roger McEowen, ISU agricultural law professor, said large farmers and
corporations in the South that earn hundreds of thousands of dollars annually in
subsidies are the real target.

"There won't be much impact on Midwest agriculture. We're not structured that
way," McEowen said. "The primary impact is on cotton and rice. It's nonfarm
investors trying to shelter income through farm investments and get subsidies."

Linking payments to income is the most significant proposed change, experts
said. The existing income cap is $2.5 million, but that can be waived if 75
percent or more of the money comes directly from production agriculture.

The administration also wants to further restrict abuses of the farm program by
eliminating the three-entity rule. That way farmers can't create new
corporations to skirt payment limit rules and all payments would be attributed
to a person. The proposed cap is $360,000.

"That's a huge change if adopted," said Bruce Babcock, an ISU economics
professor and director of the Center for Agricultural and Rural Development.

The impact would be limited.

"... The average farmer is probably not affected," Babcock said.

The average net income for Iowa farmers was $31,592, according to the 2002
Census of Agriculture. Black Hawk County producers made slightly more at
$34,075. The average market value of production per Iowa farm is just under
$130,000, far from the income cap.

As far as subsidy payments, only 37 Iowa farmers exceeded the $360,000 proposed
cap in 2005, according to government statistics. None were in Black Hawk County.
In Arkansas, though, where rice and cotton reign supreme, 80 farms exceeded the
proposed payment limit.

One local farmer the proposed rule changes could affect is Dr. Victor
Lawrinenko. According to the Internal Revenue Service, the doctor made $2.1
million in 2002. He also is involved in grain and livestock farming near La
Porte City.

Lawrinenko said he hasn't studied the particulars of the proposed farm bill
changes and isn't sure how they might affect his farming operation. In 2005,
Lawrinenko and his wife, Kristine, received $50,908 in subsidy payments,
according to government figures supplied by the Environmental Working Group.

"The farm is self-supporting and pays wages to employees. It's a separate
entity, and I don't draw a salary from it," Lawrinenko said. "I may even have to
separate more from it."

Other proposals of interest to Northeast Iowa producers in the proposed farm
bill include:

-- Changing to revenue-based counter-cyclical payments.

-- Maintaining and/or strengthening direct commodity payments for corn and
soybeans.

-- Adding $7.8 billion for conservation efforts.

-- Providing $1.6 billion in new funding for renewable energy research,
development and production.

-- Targeting nearly $500 million in funding to support specialty crops.

-- Providing more assistance to beginning farmers.

The proposals would cut farm spending by $18 billion during the next five years.
The plan would cost $87.3 billion, not counting food stamps and other nutrition
programs.

"We listened closely to producers and stakeholders all across the country and
took a reform-minded and fiscally responsible approach to making farm policy
more equitable, predictable and protected from challenge," said Johanns in a
prepared statement.

McEowen said farmers shouldn't be too concerned or happy just yet. Proposals are
just that, he said, not law.

"Congress writes farm bills, not the administration," McEowen said.

The 2002 Farm Bill will expire at the end of the year.

Contact Matthew Wilde at (319) 291-1579 or matt.wilde@wcfcourier.com.

Copyright (c) 2007, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070204-OO-0204-Proposed-changes-to-farm-bill-shouldn-t-impact-most-local-farme
rs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2007 Waterloo Courier


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                  February 27, 1999 Saturday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Farm relief deal as rich as it could be

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. D06

LENGTH: 234 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


If farmers don't take advantage of every penny of a government disaster relief
program it means they don't need it all, said Lyle Vanclief, the federal
agriculture minister .

'If they can't take advantage of the full $900-million, it will be because
probably the markets have improved and certainly that's what we want to happen,'
he said.

The $900-million refers to Ottawa's share of a $1.5-billion program to cope with
low grain and livestock prices.

Agriculture Canada projections have suggested average net incomes on Canadian
farms could fall by as much as 70% in 1999.

Grain and hog prices have already started to improve, but critics of the farm
aid package say its structure will leave some needy farmers out in the cold.

Nova Scotia refused to sign on Monday when the final touches were put to the
deal in Victoria. The lone dissenting province maintains the three-year
averaging of incomes is too short a period for farmers in that province.

Payments are to be made when the current year's gross margin falls below 70% of
the previous three-year average. Gross margin is defined as gross farm revenue
minus cash operating expenses.

Mr. Vanclief says farmers might have wanted more money, but the package was as
rich as he could make it considering international trading rules.

He said he expects Nova Scotia may reconsider its decision to participate in the
program.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Farmers' income to double in five years: BJP leader

LENGTH: 339 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Aug. 4 -- Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) state vice-president Vijesh
Lunawat said that it is for the first time that the problems of farmers have
been detected and with the ongoing efforts being made in the interest of farmers
by the Narendra Modi-led Central Government and Shivraj Singh Chouhan-led State
Government the income of the farmers would be doubled in coming five years.

Lunawat in a statement here on Wednesday said, "It is saddening that the average
monthly income of a farmer in the country is less than a skilled laborer. The
average monthly income of farmer is '6426.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Central Government and Chief Minister Shivraj
Singh Chouhan's State Government have very well understood the problems of
farmers and started working on the strategy to double the income of farmers."

Lunawat further said that it is the erstwhile Congress regimes blindness towards
the farming community that is responsible for the plight of farmers in the
country and state.

Congress preferred industries and business and put agriculture on fringe.

In Madhya Pradesh mass agricultural production is obtained by giving top
priority to agriculture due to that farmers of the State became prosperous, he
added.

He said that the State Government by providing interest free loans to farmers,
constituting agriculture cabinet, direct bank transfer of grants, liberty to
purchase agriculture instruments on grant funds and by bearing 10 percent cost
of the seeds and manure made farmers of the state prosperous.

After coming to power Modi Government of the centre started Prime Minister crop
insurance scheme, Prime Minister irrigation scheme and others to increase the
income of the farmers.

Central and State Governments have come forward to share the risk if farmers
this would for sure bring smiles on the face of farmers of the country.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 30, 1987 Tuesday

Farm income seen rising   to $5.56 billion this year

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 230 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
  Farm incomes will be higher than predicted this year largely because of
substantial government support programs, the federal Department of
Agriculture says.

Net farm income in 1987 will be a record $5.56-billion, although 'it
still represents an income level, after accounting for inflation,
substantially lower than in the 1970s,' the department said in its latest
farm outlook projection.

For consumers, food price increases will remain in the 3 to 5 per cent
range, the report said.

The department predicted earlier this year that net farm income would
be $4.87-billion, about half coming from government payments.

But lower farm operating costs and a marginal increase in cash receipts
have resulted in the new projection, which is almost $700-million higher.

The government payments and higher livestock prices are 'expected to
more than offset the significant declines forecast for market receipts for
grains and oilseeds.'
   'Higher incomes are forecast in all provinces, ranging from less than
5 per cent in Alberta and Ontario to more than 35 per cent in Saskatchewan
and Prince Edward Island.

'PEI has had improved potato prices and Saskatchewan's increase  follows very
low incomes in 1985 and 1986 due to two consecutive years of  drought.'
Income from wheat, oats and barley will be about 10 per cent lower as  higher
sales offset big price drops.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              July 18, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

FCC posts $642M net income

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 407 words


Farm Credit Canada (FCC) posted net income of $642 million on interest income of
$1.16 billion in the 2013-14 fiscal year, according to its annual report. That
compares with net income of $503.6 million on interest income of $1.12 billion
in fiscal 2012-13, the Regina-based federal Crown corporation reported Thursday.

For the fiscal year ended March 31, FCC disbursed $7.7 billion to farmers,
processors and suppliers through more than 46,000 loans. As a result, FCC's loan
portfolio grew by $1.1 billion to $26.2 billion, while impaired loans - as a
percentage of loans receivable - decreased by 0.1 per cent to 1.2 per cent,

"FCC's financial performance reflects a vibrant agriculture industry," said
Michael Hoffort, FCC president and CEO, who took over from outgoing CEO Greg
Stewart earlier this year.

Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz said, "FCC continues to provide leadership in
responding to the needs of producers and the entire agriculture industry."

In January, FCC helped more than 16,000 customers across Western Canada affected
by the grain transportation backlog, which caused delays for producers to
convert their crops to cash, by offering more flexible loan-payment plans.

Other 2013-14 financial highlights include: a $50.3-million dividend payment to
the federal government, versus $56.4 million in 2012-13;

improvement in the allowance for credit losses to two per cent from 2.5 per cent
of closing loans receivable, reflecting reduced risk in the loan portfolio;

debt-to-equity ratio improved to 5.7:1 from 6.7:1;

$156.3 million in venture capital investments.

FCC supported 128 learning events that provided Canadian producers and
agribusiness operators with information and training to help advance their farm
management practices. FCC also invested more than $1 million to support rural
capital projects as well as promote farm safety and Canada's two official
languages.

"We have a responsibility to contribute because it's the right thing to do,"
Hoffort said. "Whether it's buying a new fire truck or contributing to a
community project, we are helping to support rural Canada and enabling positive
and lasting change where our customers live and work."

In 2013, FCC marked the 10th anniversary of its Drive Away Hunger campaign by
collecting a record 6.5 million pounds of food for largely rural food banks
across Canada with the help of its partners and customers.

The FCC annual public meeting is Aug. 20 in Boucherville, Que.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   November 27, 1993, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

OTTAWA TO REVIEW FARM PAY SAFETY NET

BYLINE: DONALD CAMPBELL

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E11

LENGTH: 353 words


GRIP program badly flawed, says agriculture minister

The federal government wants a massive and comprehensive overhaul of Canada's $
4 billion farm income safety net in the next 12 months, federal Agriculture
Minister Ralph Goodale announced Friday.

The government's ballooning deficit was one reason Goodale wants to find greater
efficiencies. He said GRIP (the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan) was so badly
flawed that it has to be replaced.

"We need to look at the whole basket of programs and determine the amount of
dollars we've got to put toward safety net issues and try to work together to
find a way to spend that pot of money," he said.

Goodale said the federal government does not, at this point, have a firm figure
that it wants to save from that pot of money as a result of the re-organization.

Walter Paszkowski, Alberta agriculture minister, said the move is needed due to
changing international trading relationships.

He said the current system is vulnerable because it provides income support for
specific kinds of agricultural products, and that it could be challenged by
trading partners under new rules being negotiated for the General Agreement of
Tariffs and Trade (GATT).

"We are going to have to get away from funding commodities on a commodity
basis," Paszkowski said.

Canada spends nearly $ 4 billion a year on its farm safety net, including an
estimated $ 1.4 billion to $ 1.9 billion on GRIP for wheat farmers in 1993,
according to figures released by the national grains bureau. Alberta spends
about $ 850 million annually on its program payments.

Ray Schmitt, retiring president of the Alberta Wheat Pool, said Goodale is
taking the right approach by seeking reforms. But he warned Ottawa that now is
not the time to use the reforms as a means to get out of the safety net.

"They probably see this as an opportunity to back out. But until things get
turned around and producers get better prices, we still need the safety net," he
said.

Goodale said he was leaving this week for Europe for meetings on the GATT deal,
which has a December 15 deadline.



LOAD-DATE: November 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday

Multi-pronged strategy to promote agriculture, allied sectors: Mir

LENGTH: 742 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, March 15 -- Minister for Agriculture Production Ghulam Hassan Mir today
said that Government has launched multipronged strategies to promote agriculture
and its allied sectors on scientific lines. He said that agriculture being the
backbone of State's economy, all the resources are being pooled to give fillip
to production and productivity.

Replying to the discussion on demand of grants of his department, the Minister
said that the Department has shifted its focus from the cultivation of food
grains to total diversification in agriculture produce.

The Minister said that high income generating crops like fruits, flowers,
vegetables, medicinal plants and allied activities like sericulture have been
incentivized and encouraged. He said this will increase agriculture income and
help to generate gainful employment in farm sector.

The Minister said that first time a mechanism has been adopted for close
coordination between research and extension departments of SKUAST with
agriculture and its allied sectors to percolate the benefit of new crop and
fruit plant research to common farmers. He said that stress is being given to
revival of indigenous varieties of the State, adding that SKUAST-K has launched
a pilot project for Muskbudej and Kambad for its revival as it has huge market
potential at national and international level. He said that steps are being
taken to bring other indigenous varieties under this ambit.

With the strenuous efforts of agriculture department, Mir said Seed Replacement
Rate (SRR) of the State has gone up over the last four years from 10% to 24.78%
in Paddy and from 10.79% to 29.77% in wheat and efforts are on to reach the
level of 33%, the national benchmark.

Saying that saffron is heritage cash crop of the J&K, the Minister said that an
ambitious National Mission for the rejuvenation of saffron in the State, with an
investment of Rs.372.18 crores has been launched. It is expected that production
of saffron would double in the State by the end of four years. He said under the
mission more and more areas are being covered under the saffron cultivation and
SKUAST-K has been asked to find the feasibility of other areas in valley where
this heritage crop would be cultivated for boosting the rural economy.

Mir said that Department of Agriculture, Jammu has taken up market intervention
for the last two years to prevent distress sale of their food-grains produce by
farmers. He said Agriculture Department Jammu facilitated an all-time high
procurement of 92,499.45 quintals of wheat grains and 36,118.95 qtls of paddy
grains by FCI with the active involvement of the CAPD Department.

The Minister said the Chakroi Seed Multiplication Farm is being developed and
upgraded at a cost of Rs.30 crores in Jammu Division for production of high
quality Basmati seeds of traditional variety of R.S. Pura. Besides in order to
further increase the production/ productivity of local Basmati variety of R.S.
Pura, measures are also being taken under various Centrally Sponsored Schemes
like Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana, National Food Security Mission and Macro
Management of Agriculture. So far an amount of Rs.11.5 crore stands utilized on
this account, he added

The Minister said under Command Area Development, 16 projects are under
execution in J&K State with total command area of 1,68,922 hectares, out of
which 69,536 hectors have been covered by way of construction of field channels
and field drains.

Saying that Sericulture continues to be a subsidiary occupation for rural
families of the State, the Minister said annually 900 MTs of cocoon are being
produced to generate an income of Rs.11.93 crore for silkworm rears. The income
generation has shown an increase of 24% over the previous years.

year ending March 31, 2014.

Fifteen members took part in discussion on the grants. They include M. Y.
Tarigami, Prof. Chaman Lal Gupta, Irfan Shah, Hakeem Mohammad Yasin, G. M.
Saroori, T. Namgyal, Prof. Gharu Ram, Javid Ahmad Dar, Ch. Sukhnandan Kumar,
Harshdev Singh, Aijaz Ahmad Jan, Ashok Kumar, Ashwani Kumar, Charanjeet Singh
and Er. Abdul Rashid.

Later, the members withdrew the cut motions they had moved after the
satisfactory reply by the Minister.

The House, later, passed the grants by a voice vote. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

Nabard meet: Focus on doubling farmers' income

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Oct. 21 -- A regional conference "Doubling Farmers' Income" was
conducted by Nabard State office here on Thursday. Union Ministry of Agriculture
and FW Additional Secretary Ashok Dalwai was the chief guest on the occasion.

Agriculture Principal Secretary Manoj Ahuja and Joint Secretary Dr B Rajender
graced the occasion as guests. Representatives from Government departments,
universities, research institutes, banks from the eastern States such as Odisha,
West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Andaman & Nicobar attended.

Nabard Chief General Manager Dr KC Panigrahi extended a warm welcome to the
dignitaries and participants, and during his welcome address emphasised on
thinking beyond food security and giving back to farmers a sense of income
security.

Quoting Prime Minister's suggested seven-point strategy to double farm incomes
by 2022, he highlighted the issues faced by the farming community, especially
the small and marginal farmers and mentioned the various means by which the goal
could be achieved.

Chief Guest Dalwai congratulated Nabard on the occasion and appreciated it for
its continuous support and active involvement in developing the rural sector. He
laid emphasis on focusing on input management and supply chain management. He
also opined that by shifting focus from production to income in agriculture and
liberalisation of the sector, farmers' income can be doubled. He expressed his
concern over decline in Gross Capital Formation in agriculture and spoke on
leveraging private investment as an option.

Concentrating on non-cost inputs such as capacity building, transfer of
technologies, use of Information Communication Technology (ICT) etc. could help
us achieve the goal by 2022, he said.

Ahuja talked about structural changes and indicated that Odisha has immense
potential of natural resources which could be exploited for increasing the
farmers' income.

This was followed by presentation on State specific strategies and panel
discussions. OUAT Vice-Chancellor Surendranath Pasupalaka

and Dr B Rajender chaired the session.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

China eyes supply-side reform to boost agriculture

SECTION: POLICIES

LENGTH: 558 words


BEIJING -- For thirteen years in a row, China's "Number One Central Document"
has focused on agriculture and rural issues. This year it identified supply-side
reform as a way to boost agricultural modernization.

The document is the first major policy document released every year. Agriculture
is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation, featuring problems
including low farmer income, pollution and ineffective supply of farm produce.

"To a certain extent, supply of agricultural products, specifically, failed to
meet the changing demand, while off-loading of capacity needs to be applied to
some other products," said Chen Xiwen, director of the central agricultural work
leading team office on Thursday.

Total grain output increased 2.4 percent year on year to 621 million tons in
2015, the 12th-straight year of growth. As a result of supply and demand
imbalance, however, and price differences between domestic and foreign farming
products, China's grain imports soared.

The phenomenon of high grain output, rich inventories and increasing imports
means it is high time for structural reform measures in the agricultural sector.

Supply-side structural reform in agriculture was thus emphasized and the
importance of innovation was also underscored in the document, which was
published Wednesday. The measures aim to better provide for high-quality goods
and services as well as to address problems such as overcapacity.

Production structure must meet diverse consumption demands with enterprises
encouraged to "go overseas" to balance exports and imports, according to
Wednesday's document.

Upholding an innovative, coordinated, green, open and shared development
concept, the authorities called for faster transformation of agricultural models
and vowed "marked progress" in agriculture by 2020 to ensure the society becomes
moderately prosperous.

Although Chinese farmers' per capita disposable income increased 8.9 percent
year on year in 2015 to 11,422 yuan ($1,743), there is still a big gap compared
to urban residents.

Growth of rural income has outpaced that of urban dwellers since 2010,
nonetheless, villagers only earn about a third of city residents.

The average monthly income of migrant workers in 2015 was 3,072 yuan, up 7.2
percent year on year, a growth pace even lower than the per capita disposable
income. This means working in the cities has lost its competitive edge.

Last year, 168.84 million farmers left their hometown to work elsewhere, only
0.4 percent more than the previous year. A slower economy was an immediate cause
of the drop.

Supply-side structural reform aims to not only improve productivity but also to
realize people-first development. In this sense, the government vowed to help
rural workers find employment and increase their incomes.

Chen suggested a raft of measures to prop up agriculture and rural development
by pushing forward green development, promoting large-scale management of land
and expanding investment, among others.

According to the document, at least 53 million hectares of high-quality farmland
will be created by 2020, which will be highly productive to ensure stable yields
and able to withstand floods and droughts.

Training for farmers, increased investment in technology, modernization of the
seed sector and diverse business entities and models will increase the pace of
change.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           October 13, 2001 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. farm incomes expected to drop 60%

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 223  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA (CP) -- Income on Saskatchewan farms will plunge almost 60 per cent below
normal next year as drought takes its toll on producers' pocketbooks, the
federal government predicted Friday.

A new Agriculture Canada forecast -- revised to take into account the drought
this summer -- suggests farm income in the province during 2002 will be only
$231 million.

That number is a significant drop from the $546 million Saskatchewan producers
earned on average during each of the last five years.

``The drought will really take effect in 2002 and it will be a pretty
significant effect,'' said Jodi Banks, an income research analyst with
Saskatchewan Agriculture.

``In 2000 farm income was $390 million and people thought that was low.''

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief indicated last week there would be no
more federal money available to help out farmers stricken by drought.

``The reality is the budgets are all tapped out,'' he said.

Across Canada, the outlook is more positive.

In 2001, realized net farm income is projected to be $4.7 billion nationally, up
from the five-year average of $2.9 billion.

And the 2002 projection is also higher than average at about $3.2 billion.

Federal analysts say large government program payments, better crop prices and a
strong livestock sector will more than offset the impact of drought Canada-wide.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 19 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             June 11, 2011 Saturday

Nepal to get $46.5m grant for agriculture

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 406  words


KATHMANDU: Partners in the Global Agriculture and Food Security Programme
(GAFSP) - a new fund to increase agriculture productivity and reduce poverty -
announced that Nepal, Cambodia, Liberia and Tajikistan will receive the fund's
third round of grants totaling $160 million.

Nepal will receive $46.5 million, and the programme funds will enhance household
food security in the poorest and most food-insecure regions through increased
agricultural productivity, household incomes and awareness about health and
nutrition in the mid-western and far-western development regions, it said.

At a time when food prices are on the rise, the grants will help each country to
increase food security, raise rural incomes and reduce poverty by enabling small
holder farmers to grow more crops and earn more, the World Bank said.

"In its actions, Global Agriculture and Food Security Programme has again
demonstrated that it is smart and effective," US Under Secretary of the Treasury
for International Affairs Lael Brainard, said, adding that the fund is reducing
hunger in some of the poorest countries, and is reaching farmers and families.

However, the fund requires more resources if it is to sustain course. If other
donors do not contribute soon, other deserving poor countries will be turned
away and our efforts to strengthen global food security will be weakened during
a critical moment of need.

"We encourage our partners in the G-8 and the G-20 to join us in this effort by
investing in Global Agriculture and Food Security Programme and helping to
reduce hunger and poverty," he added. The World Bank estimates that the most
recent food price spike drove an additional 44 million people into poverty.
According to the Food and Agriculture Organisation, 925 million people are
hungry and undernourished.

With the outlook for future food prices uncertain, the programme seeks to
improve food security and reduce poverty by delivering targeted financing for
the agriculture sector in low-income countries. "With food prices remaining high
and volatile, developing countries are requesting support for their efforts to
improve agricultural productivity," World Bank managing director Ngozi Okonjo
Iweala, said, adding that the bank see this as an integral part of the campaign
to 'put food first.'

It is the third round of countries to receive funding to support country-driven
investment in agriculture and food security through the programme.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

Sir Paulias highlights agriculture potential

BYLINE: By NANCY KALIMDA

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 593  words


THE agriculture sector has major potential to create wealth and broad-based
economic growth for the country, Governor General Sir Paulias Matane said.

Speaking at an event to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the National
Agriculture Research Institute at the Sir Alkan Tololo Research Institute at
Bubia near Lae, Sir Paulias said this is also essential for the sustainable
development and prosperity of the people and the nation.

The event also highlighted innovations in agriculture and agri-business.

Speaking on the theme Science and Technology for Innovative Agriculture
Development in PNG , Sir Paulias said agriculture forms the fabrics of the
society in PNG and has potential to bring a more balanced development to all.

Development of the agriculture sector thus creates the necessary and basic
foundation for all other sectors to arise and contribute to economic
development.

In any developing national economy, agricultural development is fundamental and
has proven to be the pre-requisite for economic growth and overall development.
And this is no exception in PNG. In fact this is more relevant to our national
economy as we witness today, he said.

Sir Paulias said in the immediate future, the sector s core contributions should
be in the areas of food security, cash income generation, employment creation
and poverty alleviation.

He said in the medium to long term, the sector has potential to empower people
and create wealth thus bringing greater prosperity to the whole nation.

He said the potential of the agriculture sector lies in PNG s rich natural
resources including the tropical environment, fertile and rich land and soils,
ample rainfall and sunlight and rich genetic diversity.

These, he said, are complimented by the industrious and committed farming
communities with a wealth of indigenous knowledge developed over thousands of
years.

But Sir Paulias said the agricultural sector faces many challenges.

Looking at the current agricultural situation in PNG, we certainly have many
challenges to face, he said.

The challenges he highlighted include:

lThe country endowed with rich natural resources, yet the average income
generated is disproportionately low;

*The productivity of resources, especially land and labour, is low by any
standards;

*The productivity of most indigenous and staple crops, fruits and nuts,
vegetables and livestock species is also very low;

*Farming communities, although skilled and hard working, are not fully involved
in developing processes and are therefore not benefiting from developments;

* Huge imbalances in income levels across regions and among various segments of
the society;

*Farmers do not have adequate access to markets with much of the farm produce
remaining in the subsistence sector;

*Serious health issues including diseases such as diabetes, high blood pressure,
heart problems and HIV/AIDS, many of which are closely associated with poor
diets, malnutrition and the quality, productivity and incomes from agriculture;
and

* Increasingly being exposed to climate change and global warming, which have
resulted in more frequent droughts and frosts, new pests and diseases, genetic
erosion and resource degradation.

All of these increases the risks and uncertainties associated with farming and
have raised questions regarding the sustainability of our farming systems, Sir
Paulias said.

The event also saw the opening of a multi-purpose hall funded by the Morobe
Provincial Government and named after senior scientist Professor Allan
Quartermain. The Agricultural Inno-vations Show was well attended.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           February 23, 2016 Tuesday

Presidential debate, rural poverty and agriculture

BYLINE: Ernesto M. OrdoAez

LENGTH: 801  words


Thanks to the Commission on Elections, the Philippine Daily Inquirer and GMA 7,
I was able to attend the presidential debate last Feb 21. All the candidates
made the crucial link between rural poverty and agriculture. However, because of
the debate's time constraints, the seriousness of this problem and the
corresponding recommendations were not discussed in-depth.

There is valuable information on this topic contained in a four-page agriculture
overview submitted to the presidentiables last week. This overview was
formulated with the help of Emil Javier and Ben Pecson from the University of
the Philippines in Los BaAos, and Rolando Dy from the University of the Asia and
the Pacific. With minor modifications, it was approved by five agriculture
coalitions. These coalitions united for the first time because they are
concerned that agriculture might not be addressed effectively in the next
administration.

They represent the major stakeholders in agriculture: Alyansa Agrikultura
(farmers and fisherfolk), Philippine Chamber of Agriculture and Food (PCAFI),
Coalition for Agriculture Modernization in the Philippines (academe and
science), Pambansang Koalisyon ng mga Kababaihan sa Kanayunan (rural women), and
Agriculture Fisheries 2025 (agriculture stakeholder leaders).

I consolidated relevant data from the Food and Agriculture Organization, World
Bank and World Trade Organization into one table.

Our rural poverty is 2.4 times Vietnam's, 2.9 times Thailand's and Indonesia's,
and 5 times Malaysia's.

The presidentiables must address this glaring problem. But how?

Application to coconut

Let us apply the insights from this table to our coconut farmers, who constitute
both the largest and the poorest land-based sector. Compared to our Asean
neighbors, farm land productivity is very low for our 3 million coconut
hectares. Two million hectares are largely idle because there is no
intercropping between the trees.

At the debate, a presidentiable recommended pursuing coconut replanting and
promoting value-adding products like coconut coir and coconut milk. This is
definitely correct.

Perhaps because of lack of time, intercropping was not mentioned. However,
intercropping products like coffee or cacao multiplies by 5 times the meager
P20,000 average annual income per hectare a coconut farmer gets.

At the presidential debate, it was also correctly stated that the annual
interest from the coco levy fund should be used for the coconut farmers.

But even assuming a 5 percent interest income from this fund of P72 billion,
this amounts to only P3.5 billion a year.

As an addition to this income, the five coalitions submitted to the
presidentiables a key recommendation on credit access.

The Land Bank 2014 Annual Report states that only 9 percent of its P386 billion
loanable fund went to its mandated sector of small farmers and fisherfolk. Using
only 5 percent of this fund for coconut farmers will provide an additional
resource of P19.3 billion, or more than 5 times the coconut levy interest.

Aside from land productivity, the table shows that exports can significantly
reduce rural poverty. Our exports are only 20 percent of Malaysia's and
Vietnam's, and 15 percent of Thailand's and Indonesia's. Since exports mean more
jobs, the presidentiables must likewise address this.

Unnecessary importation

What is worse is that we are importing when it is unnecessary. Instead of
generating jobs and incomes from producing our own products, we easily give
these away to our neighbors who have much less poverty!

For example, we import more than 80 percent of both our coffee and cacao. We
should instead be intercropping these to increase coconut land productivity,
increase jobs, improve incomes and decrease rural poverty.

While our presidentiables should undertake a reinvigorated agriculture export
program, they should also identify imported products we can effectively produce
ourselves, and even export.

Agriculture is indeed the key to solving rural poverty. Unfortunately, the Feb.
21 debate did not allow the presidentiables the time to thoroughly discuss their
agriculture programs.

It is hoped that in the next three months, the presidentiables will find an
opportunity to do this. The majority of the voters, who live in rural areas
where poverty is rampant, eagerly await this event.

In the meantime, the five agriculture coalitions will hold a joint press
conference on the recent presidential debate at 10 a.m. on Feb. 24 at Aristocrat
Restaurant, Jupiter Street, Makati.

They will identify the six priority areas that the presidentiables should
address, but may not have had the time to discuss last Feb. 21.

(The author is Chair of Agriwatch, former Undersecretary for Agriculture, Trade
and Industry. For inquiries and suggestions, email agriwatch_phil@yahoo.com or
telefax (02) 8522112).

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Mixed bag for farmers

BYLINE: Will Chabun, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 495  words


New federal statistics paint a mixed picture of the farm-income situation for
Saskatchewan.

Production this year is expected to return toward normal levels, but expenses
are rising too, with total cash receipts expected to fall.

Nationally, net operating incomes are predicted to drop off to $44,171 per farm,
below the 2010 estimate of $50,077.

In Saskatchewan, per-farm net operating income is predicted to be only $14,693,
barely half of 2010's $28,494 and below the 2005-09 average of $20,332.

"Nobody likes to see their income drop, obviously," said Greg Marshall,
president of the Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

"So it's disappointing in that regard."

Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada warns that while "the forecast for 2011 remains
relatively strong," there is some uncertainty ahead.

"The productive capacity of the excess moisture-afflicted areas in the Prairie
provinces, rising interest rates and commodity price variability are all factors
that are expected to contribute to the uncertainty in 2011," it said.

Most crucially, Saskatchewan farms' realized net income -net income with
depreciation and inkind income -is expected to slide 66 per cent this year to
$592 million, well below the 2005-09 average of $925 million.

Released Monday, the annual farm income forecast for 2010 and 2011 showed that
total cash receipts for Saskatchewan crops and livestock peaked in 2008, then
began tapering off. Expenses fell, too, for two years -but now have started
rising again, squeezing margins.

Because of last year's rain-soaked growing season and harvest, Saskatchewan's
2010 crop receipts fell to $6.4 billion, a 12-per-cent decrease from 2009.

With farmland soaked with water and piled high with snow, Agriculture Canada
expects Saskatchewan's 2011 crop receipts to fall three per cent to $6.226
billion -though this figure would still be 19 per cent above the 2005-09 average
for the province.

Livestock receipts in the province, which were $1.512 billion last year, are
predicted to grow modestly to $1.591 billion -something that heartens Marshall.

Government program payments in Saskatchewan are expected to fall this year to
$592 million from a five-year average of $856 million.

Said Marshall, "I have to ask: Will governments say, 'We've bolstered crop
insurance program, so forget about any kind of an ad hoc AgriRecovery type of
program?' "

Meanwhile, net operating expenses this year are seen as hitting $6.65 billion, a
hefty 13-per-cent above the 2005-09 average.

Prairie farms are expected to see low crop carry-over levels, thanks to poor
production last year plus farmers' decisions to hold back marketings in order to
build inventories.

Agriculture Canada added that the numbers of acres planted in canola, soybean
and corn crops are expected to rise as oilseed-crushing capacity grows. Marshall
said this reflects farmers' guesses about prices from these crops, which also
offer the advantage of being relatively easy to seed in wet ground.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday

Agricultural growth rate pegged at 10.4%

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: JORHAT


JORHAT, Nov. 22 -- Participating at the 76th annual conference of the Indian
Society of Agricultural Economics (ISAE) at the Assam Agricultural University
(AAU) campus here on Monday, member of the National Institution for Transforming
India (NITI) Ayog Dr Ramesh Chand said that the country requires an annual
growth rate of 10.4 percent in agriculture to double the income of farmers by
the year 2022, as per the directive of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

He said that the Central Government changed the name of the Union Ministry of
Agriculture to Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare to pay special
attention to the plight of the farmers.

'The Prime Minister referred to doubling farmers' income by the year 2022, which
is seven years away from the base year 2015-16. And, if anything is to be
doubled by the year 2022-23, it will require an annual growth rate of 10.4
percent,' justified Dr Chand.

Stressing on the importance of proper implementation of Government policies for
effective growth in agriculture and farmers' welfare, the NITI Ayog member said
that if the well coordinated efforts are successfully made effective by the
Centre and the States, then the country can achieve the goal of doubling
farmers' income within a period of 7 to 10 years.

'Some recent development initiatives of the Central Government aims to raise
output and reduce cost. They include Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana, Soil
Health Card Scheme and Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana. Another major
initiative that provides insurance against crop and income loss is Pradhan
Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana,' he said.

Expressing optimism on the possibility of achieving the targeted growth rate
through effective implementation of the Government schemes and innovative
measures, the Vice Chancellor of Assam Agricultural University(AAU), Dr Kamal
Malla Bujarbaruah said that he is confident of making various positive changes
in agriculture.

Through the innovations of six regional agricultural research stations, five
commodity research centres and 23 KVKs, the university has been playing a
significant role in agricultural development and extension of scientific
services to various remote agrarian pockets of the State.

Along with him, several dignitaries, including the chairperson of the Indian
Statistical Commission Dr RB Barman, ISAE president and former member of
Planning Commission, Dr Abhijit Sen, former adviser to the World Bank, Dr Uma J
Lele, several senior officials of NABARD and Reserve Bank of India, besides a
galaxy of agricultural economists of the country participated in the programme
which will continue till November 23 next.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    January 8, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Farmers plead for time to fix disaster relief plan: No alternative on the table
as program's end looms: FEDERAL AGRICULTURE PROGRAM OVERHAUL

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Allyson Jeffs, Journal Business Writer

SECTION: Business; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: Red Deer

Ottawa's overhaul of its agriculture programs is on the verge of running off the
rails and isn't likely to be righted by a looming March 31 deadline, says
Canadian Agriculture Federation president Bob Friesen.

Speaking Tuesday in Red Deer to representatives of the Wild Rose Agricultural
Producers, Friesen urged provincial agriculture ministers to push back the
deadline so problems can be worked out.

Details of the Agricultural Policy Framework are to be finalized by the end of
this fiscal year, when the federal farm income disaster program is to end. But
concerns have been raised in some quarters that if the deadline passes without a
new program, farmers, many of whom are concerned about the potential for another
drought year, will be left in the lurch.

"We should not allow ourselves to be pressured into making stupid decisions,"
said Friesen, who leads a national umbrella group representing farm
organizations from across Canada.

"We have to make sure that we can give farmers a sense of comfort that business
risk management is going to work for them."

It's possible the policy outline can be completed on time, but ministers could
also commit to a direction and implement a transition year with changes to occur
in 2004, said Ken Moholitny, assistant deputy minister of Alberta Agriculture.

There is a built-in transition period of about three years for certain aspects
of the program, said Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief's press
secretary Donald Boulanger.

"Some aspects of (farm programs) will change April 1, but some will not change
until 2005," Boulanger said.

But the minister is optimistic the deadline can be met.

Alberta farmer Neil Wagstaff doesn't share his optimism. As president of the
Wild Rose Agricultural Producers, he represents more than 5,000 farmers from
across the province.

"Every farm organization in the country is concerned about where we're going,"
he said.

"I think there is a consensus out there among farm groups that we're not getting
this right and we better take time to make sure we get it right or it's not
going to be effective for farmers in the future."

Alberta producers face less difficulty with the approaching deadline than many
of their counterparts across the country because they do not rely on the federal
income disaster relief program but the provincially run Farm Income Disaster
Program which will continue for the next two years.

However, Alberta producers do have a stake in the NISA (Net Income Stabilization
Account) program to which they contribute. The program allows farmers to build a
reserve fund they can draw on to boost their annual income during lean times.
About $4 billion is held in NISA accounts across Canada.

Friesen said a proposed change to NISA would see farmers asked to use some of
the funds to invest in projects to improve the environmental sustainability of
their farms or meet on-farm food-safety requirements.

He said the idea is gaining "relentless momentum" in spite of warnings from
trade experts within Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada who say it's the
"riskiest" change under consideration, because it could be challenged as an
unfair subsidy under international trade agreements.

Assurance that program changes won't make Canada vulnerable to trade action from
other countries is essential, said Friesen. As is the continuation of
provincially based companion programs that recognize farm-support needs vary
across the country, he said. Friesen also worries that the NISA change could be
used to force farmers to pay an unfair portion of the costs of environmental
sustainability, on-farm food safety and animal welfare initiatives.

"We think that including an investment component in NISA is nothing more than
trying to claw back some of the money farmers have put into their fund as well
as using future NISA money to pay for public concerns."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 7, 2000 Monday

Farmers reaping little from food sales;
Producers get just 6 per cent of proceeds,;
federation says - could be time for prices to rise

BYLINE: KIM HONEY, The Globe and Mail

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 531 words


As of today, the average household has earned enough disposable income to foot
the whole year's grocery bill, according to the Canadian Federation of
Agriculture.

But it took only eight days, from Jan. 1 to Jan. 8, for that same typical
Canadian family to make enough money to pay the farmer's share of that food
bill.

"It illustrates how little of the market dollar accrues to the farm gate," CFA
president Bob Friesen said in an interview from his Manitoba farm yesterday.

The federation calls today food freedom day, an idea borrowed from Manitoba
members who donated a bag of groceries to a Winnipeg food bank last year for
each of the 38 days it took for the average household to earn enough disposable
income to cover their annual grocery bill.

The farmer's share works out to about 6 per cent of the retail price, Mr.
Friesen said, or nine cents on a loaf of bread that costs $1.50. The rest of the
money goes to food processors and food retailers.

The CFA, which represents more than 200,000 farm families, is proud to provide
Canadians with one of the most affordable grocery baskets in the world, with 9.8
per cent of disposable income spent on food. In the United States, it is 10.9
per cent, while Britons spend 11.5 per cent, Australians 14.6 per cent, Japanese
17.8 per cent, and Mexicans 33.2 per cent, according to figures from Agriculture
and Agri-food Canada and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

While farmers have worked hard to improve productivity and efficiency, they
continue to struggle to eke out a living, Mr. Friesen said.

"Somehow the farmer isn't getting a large enough share of the market dollar to
sustain the farming operation."

Canadian farmers have been so hard hit by a combination of low prices and
terrible weather that the federal government has announced $1-billion in
disaster-relief funds over the next two years if the provinces contribute
$700-million.

And in January, Canadian musicians held a concert in Toronto, the Family Farm
Tribute, which raised about $80,000 for rural charities.

Mr. Friesen, who raises hogs and turkeys on his farm in Wawanesa, Man., did not
have any solution to the problem other than hinting at a price hike at the
grocery store.

"It's very hard for me to tell you as a consumer that I want more money from
you. The fact of the matter is that perhaps there is a way of getting a larger
share of the market value without increasing the consumer's share."

But he did suggest a price increase on high value-added products. Mr. Friesen
noted that a CFA member calculated the farmer's share of a $3 jar of pickles at
nine cents, just 3 per cent of the retail price. If the consumer paid nine cents
more, the farmer's take would have doubled while the cost to the consumer would
have only increased by 3 per cent.

Farmers are also suffering as they rely more and more on export development, and
their food competes in the world market against commodities that have been
heavily subsidized by governments.

"We're competing against farmers who, aside from getting the market price,
they're also getting a much larger cheque from their government, so that gives
them the flexibility to be more competitive."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2000 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 29, 2013 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Your views -- Letters to the editor, Nov. 29

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1123 words


Criticism of Missouri agriculture chief doesn't match track record

As a former colleague of Jon Hagler's, I've followed with interest the
Post-Dispatch reporting on his departure from the Missouri Department of
Agriculture ("Former agriculture chief under scrutiny," Nov. 17). Those from
mid-Missouri are likely familiar with Hagler's colorful language and country
tales. But it's difficult to reconcile the assertions that he created a hostile
work environment with your reporting that he hired and promoted underqualified
people.

Have you investigated, by any chance, the political leanings of those who have
complained or left the department vs. the political leanings of those who have
been hired and promoted? To my knowledge, Hagler hired and promoted over a dozen
women to management ranks at the Agriculture Department, which is the opposite
of creating a hostile environment for women. (Additionally, the department has
gone from three to 24 minority employees.) As a patronage department, the
Agriculture Department likely has many staff members from the Blunt
administration; political motivation for the former staffers' allegations seems
very likely. As the Post-Dispatch pointed out, there have been no official
claims or actions against Hagler.

The assertions by the two former employees are inconsistent with the
department's performance (shutting down puppy mills, increasing urban
agriculture, negotiating foreign agriculture trade agreements) and the
department's public record of increasing the ranks of women and minorities in
leadership.

I urge you to report the full story.

Lori Rasmussen o Chesterfield

A plan to fix health care

Unfortunately, isn't it becoming quite obvious that President Obama cares more
about saving face by stubbornly pushing through the provisions of the severely
flawed Obamacare law than the health and welfare of the American people? Each
day as we learn more about this unpopular law, it becomes more and more evident
that the price of health insurance will actually go up for the vast majority of
us.

Here is a doable and politically neutral fix: Completely repeal the overly
complex Affordable Care Act. Draft a new law that will simply provide
catastrophic insurance for all Americans - capping the out-of-pocket on a simple
scale tied to income tax returns. The more you make, the higher the
out-of-pocket cap. The lower your income, the lower the out-of-pocket cap. This
will eliminate the bankruptcy threat and implicitly provide coverage for lower-
income families who do need but can't afford coverage. And for the vast majority
of Americans, we can go back to picking and choosing the health care coverage
best suited for our own situation to cover the day-to-day expenses encountered
below the catastrophic thresholds. Nothing will ever be perfect and there would
sure to be flaws, but nothing on the scale that many of us will experience when
the ACA is fully implemented.

Unfortunately, it would take a lot of courage for Democrats to repeal the law
and admit that Obama-care is overly complex and hopelessly flawed. While their
intention was admirable, the results can never meet the objectives. If Democrats
persist in a futile attempt to will this law into working, they will lose more
congressional seats next November and the Republicans will take over the Senate.

Americans realize this is not about fixing Obama-care; it is about making our
health care system better for all of us. Sometimes an executive needs to admit
that a plan is not working and cut his/her losses. Is President Obama capable of
doing this? For all of our sake, let's hope so!

Jim Winkelmann o Frontenac

No to Medicaid, but yes to Boeing?

A 2012 report commissioned by the Missouri Hospital Association and Missouri
Foundation for Health estimated that more than 24,000 jobs could be created if
Missouri participates in the federal Medicaid expansion plan included in the
Affordable Care Act. The report found that expansion could add $9.6 billion to
the state's economy in value-added output in 2014, thereby increasing gross
state product by more than one-half percent.

The leadership of the Missouri Legislature apparently stands ready to call a
special session to consider tax breaks for luring a Boeing 777X assembly plant
to St. Louis ("Local support for 777X tax breaks grows," Nov. 23) and, yet, a
majority of lawmakers still balk at expanding Medicaid? How curious!

William C. Steiner o Vandalia, Mo.

Republican hypocrisy in Radel case

Once again the hypocrisy of the Republican Party is front and center for all to
see. The representative from Florida, Trey Radel, is convicted of possessing
cocaine, and where are the voices that were so quick to judge and condemn
Anthony Weiner? Where are those self-righteous Republican voices: Reince
Priebus? Eric Cantor? John Boehner, et al? Mr. Weiner did not break any laws,
and he was forced to resign. Trey Radel has, and now he has given himself a
leave of absence because he has found faith and will seek rehabilitation. This
is the same man who wants people on government assistance to be tested for
drugs.

We, the public, by virtue of him accepting a salary from the government, have
been subsidizing his addiction. Further, he says that he will return to Congress
and be a role model. How magnanimous from a member of the party of "family
values." With him, and others of his ilk in Congress, it's no wonder that the
country is in the shape it is.

Arthur Robles o St. Charles

Pure vindictiveness in changing Senate rules

I am a nonpartisan "Henrietta homemaker" who is appalled and terrified by the
recent Senate power play. It is scary to think that one man, Harry Reid (albeit
with a prod from the White House), can almost single-handedly change the rules
of the Senate and thereby the future of this country indefinitely.

We've been led to believe that the laws governing our country and the procedures
for determining how our government operates are the result of much thought, not
pure vindictiveness. Perhaps next month they will choose a rule that only the
majority party can vote. That would certainly make government run more smoothly!

It should not matter what side of the aisle you are on. What matters is, do we
want to continue our democratic way of life or become an autocracy?

Gail Lang o Clayton

Taxpayers pick up the tab to aid Walmart employees

It is imperative for Walmart to take a stand for ethical employee practices. A
company that makes billions in profits should not feel comfortable knowing a
great deal of its workers have to rely on the government for assistance to
survive. The American people should be outraged that we are picking up the tab
for these families with our tax dollars while Walmart rakes in billions.

Al Howard o Jennings

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  This photo taken with a cellphone shows Rep. Henry "Trey" Radel,
R-Fla. leaving court in Washington, Wednesday, Nov. 20, 2013, leaving court
after pleading guilty to a misdemeanor charge of cocaine possession and was
sentenced to a year's probation. (AP Photo/Jessica Gresko)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              November 29, 1990, Thursday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Farmers unveil their wish list

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


  Times are tough down on the farm and Finance Minister Michael Wilson will have
to lend a helping hand again this year, the country's two major farm
organizations say.

Farmers ''are caught in a trade war not of their own making (and) they are also
aware that Canada's debt situation, like their own, restricts spending that
could alleviate these problems,'' the Canadian Federation of Agriculture told
Wilson recently.

''Thousands of farm families have been driven from the land,'' the National
Farmers Union said. Bankruptcies are up 24% from last year and only a
substantial cash infusion from Ottawa will save a lot more farmers from going
broke.

The two groups made their pitches last week duringf pre-budget consultations
being conducted by Wilson. A budget is expected early next year.

Ottawa has paid out several billion dollars in aid to farmers in recent years to
cushion the impact of drought and low world grain prices.

But farm income will drop by 25% this year, the farmers union warned, because an
agricultural subsidies battle between the European Community and the U.S. has
depressed commodity prices.

The groups also asked Wikson to consider several other issues in the preparation
of a new budget including:

The outcome of the international negotiations on a set of rules to govern world
trade in farm products that would reduce subsidies and improve export earnings
of Canadian farmers;

The fate of federal-provincial talks on a new farm-income safety-net program to
shore up farm incomes during periods of low prices or poor harvests;

Continuing high interest rates, which the federation says have knocked down farm
incomes by 20%;

The restructuring of the Farm Credit Corp. to again become a key provider of
loans and financial advice to farmers;

End an excise tax on fuels bought by farmers because the existing 15
cents-a-litre duty will cost farmers $450 million next year.

The federation told Wilson that if there is an agreement on trade rules in
agriculture, the government should be prepared to help farmers adjust.

Officials are working out details of the safety net program and Wilson should
''support the proposals and...provide the necessary budgetary allocations to
provide predictability and stability for the farm community.''

The farmers' union said farm loans should carry a maximum 6% interest rate and
that Ottawa should not make any cuts to its $270-million-a-year support program
for dairy farmers or the $700-million-a-year Western grain transportation
subsidy.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Let's be thought-leaders on climate smart agriculture;
Ireland has an opportunity to become a global pioneer in the areas of food
security and climate change

BYLINE: Tom Arnold

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 963 words


Ensuring food and nutrition security for all while avoiding climate change is
one of the key challenges of the 21st century. The world population is projected
to grow to 9.6 billion by 2050 from 7.3 billion now, requiring an increase of 70
per cent in food production.

Food security and climate change are interconnected. Agriculture is a
contributor to and is affected by climate change. In recent years, climate smart
agriculture (CSA), an approach linking agriculture and climate policies, has
received attention. CSA seeks to increase agricultural productivity and incomes,
build resilience to climate change and reduce emissions.

In the past 18 months the Institute of International and European Affairs/Royal
Dublin Society Leadership Forum has worked to identify how CSA could apply to
agriculture here and how Ireland could contribute to policy on global food
security and climate change.

The forum brought together key stakeholders from Government departments, State
agencies, the private sector, farm organisations, and development and
environmental non-governmental organisations. The outcome of this process is an
independent IIEA/RDS report which will be launched today by Minister for
Agriculture Michael Creed.

The report concludes that Ireland should become a global pioneer in climate
smart agriculture, and seek to provide policy and thought leadership at European
and international level to the food security/climate change debate.

In seeking to attain such a leadership position, Ireland faces unique
circumstances. Due to the structure of the Irish economy and the livestock-based
agricultural sector, agriculture accounts for a higher proportion of greenhouse
gas emissions here than in other EU countries. Following the abolition of the EU
milk quota last year the Government is committed to expanding food production,
which will increase emissions. At the same time, the State faces formidable
European and international targets to reduce emissions.

Climate change

These circumstances also bring opportunities. Due to demanding EU climate
targets in place since 2008, considerable innovation in policy, technology and
on-farm practices has been delivered. Irish officials have been at the forefront
of policy thinking on agriculture and climate change at EU and UN negotiations.

Bord Bia's Origin Green scheme brings together the Government, the agrifood
sector and farmers to set and achieve measurable sustainability targets and
reduce the environmental impact of food production. The Farm Carbon Navigator,
developed by Bord Bia and Teagasc, promotes technologies to reduce input use,
increase farm income and reduce emissions.

The IIEA/RDS report seeks to build on progress made. If Ireland is to aspire to
credible international leadership in this area, however, progress must be
brought to a different level. The report sets out an ambitious agenda that could
deliver such leadership and the benefits that would flow from it. The agenda
needs to be delivered through Government policy and political commitment;
implementation by the farming and agri-food sector of an ambitious CSA
programme; and policy advocacy at international level.

An ambitious programme, anchored in a credible domestic policy on climate change
and supported by high level political commitment, is required.

We recommend the strategic reorientation of agricultural and food policy around
agricultural productivity and incomes, resilience, and emissions reduction at
Irish and European level.

The Government should detail how the progressive vision of a "carbon neutral"
agriculture and land use sector by 2050, to which it is committed, can be
attained, with progress measured annually and reported upon.

Progress made in introducing technologies and farming practices to reduce input
use, improve farm incomes and reduce emissions must be built upon.

The end of milk quotas presents an opportunity for the expansion of dairy and
beef enterprises which are climate smart and economically beneficial for
farmers.

There are opportunities for farmers and rural communities investing in renewable
energy: financial incentives targeting citizens should be part of an innovative
sustainable development policy for rural Ireland.

Policy must recognise the importance of forestry as a carbon sink in achieving
Ireland's emissions targets as well as its role in building resilience against
climate impacts such as flooding and in providing a secure income stream for
farmers.

Irish Aid

The report recommends that the domestic focus on CSA leadership be complemented
by mainstreaming it into our diplomacy at EU and UN level. Irish Aid should
integrate climate smart agriculture into its current prioritisation of nutrition
and food security, linking up with the main Irish NGOs with such programmes in
developing countries.

During the next round of UN climate negotiations at COP22 in Marrakesh in
November, Ireland should advocate for a specific work programme on the
agriculture-climate-food nexus.

The IIEA/RDS report focuses on the potential we believe exists for Ireland to
play an international leadership role on CSA. If such a role can be attained
Ireland could position itself as a leader in the production of sustainable and
carbon-efficient food, with obvious commercial gain.

But there is another dimension: if the State can influence policy on agriculture
and climate change in developing countries, backed up by proven technologies and
domestic experience of mainstreaming climate change into agricultural and
nutritional strategies, we will contribute to improving the life chances of tens
of millions of people. Tom Arnold is director general of the Institute of
International and European Affairs. He is chairman of the Irish Times Trust and
a member of the Irish Times Board.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 13, 1996, CITY EDITION

Productivity is key to high incomes, Yates tells farmers

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 408 words


FARMERS have been told the era of the "cheque in the post" has peaked. In future
they must increase productivity to maintain their incomes, the Minister for
Agriculture, Mr Yates, warned.

Unless there were major gains in productivity at farm level, incomes would, at
best, stagnate, he said. Farmers must now look inside their own gates to
maintain the level of increase in incomes which had taken place during the past
four years.

"At the very best we are dealing with a status quo situation after that
decline," the Minister said at yesterday's launch of the Teagasc advisory and
training programme.

Farm incomes, he said, had risen 40 per cent during the past four years. When
reduced payments were taken into account, net farm incomes were now 50 per cent
higher than in 1991.

But these income rises were due almost exclusively to a massive increase direct
income supports through headage and premium payments and to price buoyancy,
particularly in milk.

"Direct payments amounted to Pounds 750 million in 1995, or more than 35 per
cent of total farm in come. When export refunds on live cattle, beef and dairy
product bare added in, subsidies now contribute more than 50 per cent of current
farm income," he said.

Mr Yates said that while reductions might not take place while he was still
Minister and the Government was fully committed to maintaining the current level
of European support for Irish agriculture, he would be remiss if he did not
point out the difficulties ahead.

The downward pressures would come, he said, through EU budgetary problems, GATT
restrictions and EU enlargement. He advised farmers to concentrate their efforts
at home rather than look to Brussels.

They should look to Teagasc which, he said, has the information and research
available to increase farm incomes by at least Pounds 200 million through
improved productivity on dairy, beef and sheep farms.

Dr Liam Downey, director of Teagasc, the agriculture and food development board,
said that central to this year's programme would be better to use of grass. This
could boost a farmer's income by Pounds 2,000 per annum.

Mr John Donnelly, president of the Irish Farmers Association, reacted angrily to
Mr Yates' statement.

EU payments would remain vital in the future to underpin rural communities, he
said. "It is not the job of the Irish Minister for Agriculture to be apologetic
to our European partners for that."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 The Irish Times


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 13, 1996, CITY EDITION

Productivity is key to high incomes, Yates tells farmers

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 408 words


FARMERS have been told the era of the "cheque in the post" has peaked. In future
they must increase productivity to maintain their incomes, the Minister for
Agriculture, Mr Yates, warned.

Unless there were major gains in productivity at farm level, incomes would, at
best, stagnate, he said. Farmers must now look inside their own gates to
maintain the level of increase in incomes which had taken place during the past
four years.

"At the very best we are dealing with a status quo situation after that
decline," the Minister said at yesterday's launch of the Teagasc advisory and
training programme.

Farm incomes, he said, had risen 40 per cent during the past four years. When
reduced payments were taken into account, net farm incomes were now 50 per cent
higher than in 1991.

But these income rises were due almost exclusively to a massive increase direct
income supports through headage and premium payments and to price buoyancy,
particularly in milk.

"Direct payments amounted to Pounds 750 million in 1995, or more than 35 per
cent of total farm in come. When export refunds on live cattle, beef and dairy
product bare added in, subsidies now contribute more than 50 per cent of current
farm income," he said.

Mr Yates said that while reductions might not take place while he was still
Minister and the Government was fully committed to maintaining the current level
of European support for Irish agriculture, he would be remiss if he did not
point out the difficulties ahead.

The downward pressures would come, he said, through EU budgetary problems, GATT
restrictions and EU enlargement. He advised farmers to concentrate their efforts
at home rather than look to Brussels.

They should look to Teagasc which, he said, has the information and research
available to increase farm incomes by at least Pounds 200 million through
improved productivity on dairy, beef and sheep farms.

Dr Liam Downey, director of Teagasc, the agriculture and food development board,
said that central to this year's programme would be better to use of grass. This
could boost a farmer's income by Pounds 2,000 per annum.

Mr John Donnelly, president of the Irish Farmers Association, reacted angrily to
Mr Yates' statement.

EU payments would remain vital in the future to underpin rural communities, he
said. "It is not the job of the Irish Minister for Agriculture to be apologetic
to our European partners for that."

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 The Irish Times


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 29, 1993, Monday, METRO EDITION

Canada plans overhaul of farm support programs

BYLINE: by Donald Campbell (CALGARY HERALD) SOUTHAMSTAR NETWORK

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 306 words


   The federal government wants a massive and comprehensive overhaul of Canada's
$4-billion farm income safety net in the next 12 months, federal Agriculture
Minister Ralph Goodale announced Friday.

The government's ballooning deficit was one reason Goodale wants to find greater
efficiencies. He said GRIP (the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan) was so badly
flawed that it has to be replaced.

"We need to look at the whole basket of programs and determine the amount of
dollars we've got to put toward safety net issues and try to work together to
find a way to spend that pot of money," he said.

Goodale said the federal government does not, at this point, have a firm figure
that it wants to save from that pot of money as a result of the re-organization.

Walter Paszkowski, Alberta agriculture minister, said the move is needed due to
changing international trading relationships.

He said the current system is vulnerable because it provides income support for
specific kinds of agricultural products, and that it could be challenged by
trading partners under new rules being negotiated for the General Agreement of
Tariffs and Trade (GATT).

Canada spends nearly $4 billion a year on its farm safety net, including an
estimated $1.4 billion to $1.9 billion on GRIP for wheat farmers in 1993,
according to figures released by the national grains bureau.

"I think the hard reality we are facing, because of the deficit, is that
increases are unlikely. We have to consider wherever we can make some
efficiencies and save some money," Goodale said.

Ray Schmitt, retiring president of the Alberta Wheat Pool, said Goodale is
taking the right approach by seeking reforms. But he warned Ottawa that now is
not the time to use the reforms as a means to get out of the safety net.

CALGARY HERALD

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1993 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     June 18, 1990, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

Farm income could hit low

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 278 words

DATELINE: Edmonton,Alta.


Reduced government support and lower wheat prices will cut realized net farm
income in Canada next year to a record low of $1.85 billion, a U.S. forecaster
predicts.

Shawn McComb, agriculture analyst with the Pennsylvania-based WEFA Group said
Friday farmers can expect the lowest returns in 20 years.

However, Canadian farm officials, still trying to deal with this year's problems
of high interest rates and frequent bankruptcies, said it is too early to
forecast next year's income.

McComb said ''government payments over the last 10 years almost exactly
counteracted the fall in cash receipts'' but he does not expect this to
continue. He said total government supplements for 1990 were $1.4 billion,
including a $500-million federal ad hoc program.

Last month, after announcing final details of the program, Canadian Agriculture
Minister Don Mazankowski warned that western Canadian farmers can no longer
count on government subsidies.

McComb said the export flow of wheat should recover for 1991, but he predicted
it will not be able to compensate for the lower prices and reduced government
support. He said livestock cash receipts should grow ''modestly.''

Canadian agriculture officials said the WEFA forecast is premature.


''The big variable for 1991 income for western farmers will be world weather
conditions in the next two to three months,'' said Lorne Hehn, president of
United Grain Growers. ''We are in a precarious position where prices could go up
or down.''

For 1990, Agriculture Canada's most recent forecast called for a realized net
farm income of $2.77 billion before the $500-million in support.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday

New tax may eclipse govt's green initiatives

BYLINE: Javed Iqbal

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 100

LENGTH: 652  words


Widely welcomed PML-N government's green initiatives to facilitate farmers in
Punjab may be eclipsed by its fresh move to impose agriculture income-based
taxes on the cultivating community.

The agriculture income-based tax (AIT) has shocked the farmers already paying
land-based taxes that is fixed, but the current move of the Board of Revenue
(BoR) has triggered a wave of agitation among the community which was once again
placed at the disposal of the revenue staff.

When this reporter contacted different farmers to whom the revenue department
issued demand notices, they categorically denied their involvement in the
process of assessment of income and imposition of taxes etc.

Muhammad Sharif Gill from Toba Tek Singh said the assistant commissioner office
sent him two notices, land-based income tax and income-based tax.

He said the tehsildar was making announcements in the villages either to pay the
taxes or face the music.

Sadiq Tariq, a farmer from Bahawalpur division, also confirmed that along with
land-based income tax, the ACs have sent them tax notices without following any
legal criteria.

He said the amount of AIT was fixed without assessing the real income duly
deducting the expenses made on crops.

Asghar Gujjar from Samundari told this paper that the same practice was done in
their tehsil.

Tehsildars and patwaris are looting the farmers in the name of AIT assessments.

He said the government should have increased fixed taxes instead of involving
the revenue staff to rob the poor farmers.

Tariq Ch from Sargodha said the AIT imposed by the revenue staff was an
anti-farmers step.

He said the law must be amended to save the farming community from the coercive
measures of the revenue staff.

He said the Punjab government which wanted to save the farming community from
patwari culture by computerising the land records has associated them with the
AIT assessment.

He said the Punjab Agriculture Income Tax Act was passed in 1997, which was
land-based only.

The act was amended in 2001 and AIT imposed, but no government imposed the AIT
in view of the poor state of affairs of the farmers.

He said the present step of the Shahbaz Sharif government would damage its
reputation in the farming community, which it had improved by announcing green
initiatives and subsidies.

When contacted, a senior officer of the BoR, said the Punjab government wanted
to impose the AIT on all the farmers having more than 12.5 acres of land and
exceeding income of Rs 80,000.

He said if the relevant sub-divisional collector (AC) did not follow the legal
provisions like assessment of agri-income also involving the agriculture
department, issuance of notices to the farmers, personal hearings and then
making speaking orders, the AIT imposed by the said revenue officers would be
illegal.

The farmers may file appeals to the divisional commissioners against such ACs
and report to the BoR senior member as well.

He also confirmed the many people have knocked at the court doors against the
government move and got stay orders or orders of reassessments.

An AC, requesting anonymity, told this paper that some sub-divisional revenue
officers made AIT assessments on estimates.

In some areas like Kamalia, the amount of AIT crossed Rs 3,500 per acre and the
court struck it down ordering the revenue department to reassess the tax.

Another AC said that in his tehsil, per acre tax was Rs 500 to Rs 700 in last
three years.

He said the farmers in his area were not ready to pay the taxes and they have
warned to start protest against the government if it didn't withdraw the AIT.

He also said that in many tehsils, the ACs could not maintain computerization of
demand and recovery register, a lawful provision.

The revenue staff was maintaining the office files by filing bogus or estimated
entries, the AC confirmed.

He said the present move of the Punjab government might damage it in the rural
areas if the AIT was not withdrawn.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 2, 2002, Saturday

CAUTIOUS WELCOME FOR INCOME FIGURES

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1251 words

HIGHLIGHT: The top table at the Ulster Farmers' Union's Co Armagh dinner in;
Newry


THE Ulster Farmers' Union has "cautiously welcomed" news that farm incomes rose
during 2001.

But said that farmer "morale and confidence remains very low in Northern
Ireland".

UFU president, Douglas Rowe, said the increase in farm incomes was desperately
needed but the economic reality on farms was still very harsh with average net
farm incomes last year forecast to total only pounds 7,000.

Mr Rowe said: "Any increase in farm incomes is welcomed but family farms
surviving on only pounds 7,000 per year is still an unsustainable situation.

"Market conditions in 2002 have so far been difficult for several commodities so
the outlook remains uncertain."

He added: "These income figures should be seen in their proper context.

"We have suffered a five-year recession in agriculture which has devastated many
farm businesses.

"The road to recovery will be long but we hope more progress can be made in
2002."

Commenting on the figures, Brid Rodgers, Minister for Agriculture and Rural
Development, said: "The significant rise in agricultural income indicated by the
figures is a very welcome respite from the serious difficulties faced by the
agricultural industry in Northern Ireland in recent years.

"This is the first substantial improvement in income since 1995 and restores
income to the levels experienced in the early 1990s.

"It is clear that the improvement has been patchy and some sectors have fared
less well than others.

"The sectors which contributed most to the improvement were dairy, pigs, poultry
and potatoes.

"The payment of optional agrimonetary compensation, worth over pounds 24 million
to Northern Ireland in 2001, was also helpful."

Brid Rodgers added: "The level of increase in Northern Ireland is higher than in
GB mainly as a result of the relatively short duration of the Foot-and-Mouth
outbreak here.

"However, we must not be complacent. Current market indications in some sectors
are not encouraging and agrimonetary compensation is coming to an end. While I
will do my utmost to create as favourable a policy environment as possible, the
industry must also do everything it can to be as competitive as possible."

Junior Farm Minister, Lord Whitty, said: "These figures show a small increase in
farm incomes during 2001.

"While these signs are encouraging, we must remember that this increase is from
a small base and represents only a modest level of recovery in absolute terms
for the agriculture industry as a whole. I very much hope that these trends will
intensify throughout the year."

The very small increase was described by the National Farmers' Union of England
and Wales as "extremely fragile."

NFU president, Ben Gill, said: "While this forecast rise is welcome, farm
profitability remains at rock bottom and below sustainable levels.

"Farmers continue to leave the industry at an alarming rate and, furthermore,
the short-term recovery in milk prices looks set to be cruelly reversed in the
light of falling farmgate prices.

"One of the key elements in this long-term agricultural depression remains the
over-valuation of Sterling against the Euro. For the cereal sector, the decision
by the UK Government not to pay the final tranche of agrimoney last autumn was
another blow."

SHADOW Agriculture Minister, Ann Winterton, said: "These figures give cold
comfort to an industry that has been bled almost dry over the last few years.

"Despite a slight forecasted rise in incomes, farming remains an industry
struggling to survive. The Government is seeking to make changes to agriculture
in this country at the present time, but how can farmers invest in the future
when they are in no economic state to do so?

"We need a thriving, profitable industry in order to support investment in the
future. The Government must create the climate in which farming and other rural
businesses can prosper."

Jim Walker, president of the National Farmers' Union of Scotland, said the
figures "show we have still got a lot of ground to make up."

But, with such a small sample, it was dangerous to make too many generalisations
and many individual businesses would find it difficult to recognise their own
circumstances in these figures.

"Total Scottish farm income is only around a third of what it was in the mid
1990s. While it is good that some improvement has been made in the total income
of Scottish farming there is still a long way to go before all Scottish farmers
have a decent liveable annual income," he said.

"The average farm income of pounds 9,574 per farm continues to be an
extraordinary low level of earnings compared to other businesses in this
country.

"Despite forecasting an improvement overall the income of cattle and sheep
farmers in the Less Favoured Areas is set to fall and sheep producers are
forecast to make a loss.

The apparent recovery in dairy incomes is much welcomed but whether it will be
achieved in practice is very questionable as there is already speculation about
lower milk prices this year.

Cereal farmers won't recognise these figures since last year's harvest was
terrible for many.

Malting barley was a particular problem as poor weather meant that much of it
was only suitable for feed rather than the more lucrative malting market."

He said that the fundamental problems facing agriculture had not changed. "These
are the relative strength of the Pound against the Euro and having to compete
against imports that do not have to be produced to the same standards as
products produced in the UK.

Until these two issues are addressed I am concerned that a return to income
levels that will attract a new generation to farming will not be achieved.

Not many young people will be attracted into farming with a farm income of
pounds 9,574 a year."

FactFile . . .

l IN the context of the large proportionate increase in aggregate income in 2001
from a very low base, it is worth remembering that following, say, a 50 per cent
fall in a value, a 100 per cent rise is required to return to the original
starting value.

l THE Northern Ireland estimates, released to coincide with the publication of
the United Kinfdom figures, were prepared in December 2001 and January 2002 and
are subject to revision when more complete data become available. On this basis,
the provisional 2000 figure for Total Income from Farming (pounds 98 million)
has been revised to pounds 116 million.

l THE 'Statistical Review of Northern Ireland Agriculture, 2001' is due to be
issued on March 14, 2002. As well as giving details of the output, input and
income estimates for 2001, this annual publication will contain information on
livestock numbers, crop areas and yields, farm structure, employment and farm
business performance. More detailed information on incomes and performance by
farm size and type will be published in 'Farm Incomes in Northern Ireland,
2000/01' which will also be issued on March 14, 2002.

l 'TOTAL Income from Farming' measures the return to farmers, partners and
directors, their spouses and other family workers for their labour, management
input and own capital invested. It therefore represents the total income of all
those with an entrepreneurial involvement in farming.

l INCOME estimates by farm type are based on the Departments Farm Business
Survey, for which the account year ends on average in mid-February, whereas the
aggregate income estimates are compiled on a calendar year business.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 10, 2006 Sunday

Numbers not adding up for U.S. farmers;
The Bush administration only highlights the best and forgets the rest

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. b8

LENGTH: 694 words


Farmers and ranchers live in an ocean of numbers. And like the tide, the numbers
- pigs-per-litter, gain-per-pound, bushels-per-acre, dollars-per-bushel - can't
be held back; they keep coming and keep adding to our nation's food story.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture swells the tide with its raft of annual,
quarterly, monthly, biweekly, weekly and daily reports. The data are the dots by
which all in agriculture and food steer.

And the steering is about to get harder. Two late August USDA reports confirm
that 2006's big numbers won't be big enough for American food producers.

At first blush, the first report, the Outlook for U.S. Agricultural Trade,
released Aug. 23, looked lovely; estimated 2006 ag exports will be a
record-breaking $68 billion, besting 2005's record-breaker by a fat $5.5
billion, or nearly 9 percent.

Secretary of Agriculture Mike Johanns waved the report high to again push the
White House's trade-is-everything view of agriculture.

"These exports numbers clearly illustrate the importance of opening and
maintaining export markets for U.S. agriculture products," said a smiling
Johanns after the report's release.

But, as he often does, Johanns only highlighted the best and forgot the rest.

Yes, grain and feed exports will climb from $16.2 billion in 2005 to $18.1
billion in 2006. But soy and soy product exports will slide from $11 billion to
$10.2 billion over the same period.

Yes, our neighbors Mexico and Canada will up their collective U.S. ag imports
from $19.5 billion in 2005 to $21.9 billion, or from 31 percent of all U.S. ag
exports in 2005 to 32 percent in 2006.

But so too will these two nations export more food back into the U.S. - from
$19.9 billion in 2005 to $22.8 billion this year.

Consider these facts for a moment: One nation, Mexico, with one-third our
population, one-tenth our economy and one-fourth our per-capita income, will
combine with another nation, Canada, with one-tenth our economy and one-ninth
our population, to sell us 35 percent of all our imported food. Thanks, NAFTA.

This theme - yes, total 2006 ag export will grow 8.8 percent over 2005, but
total ag imports will grow by an even bigger 11.8 percent - can be seen on
nearly every page of the USDA report.

Yet, nary a word of this downward trend ever passes the USDA chief's lips.

The reason, of course, is simple. These USDA facts neither fit the Bush
administration's unending trade sermon nor its election year slogans.

Nor do the facts contained in the USDA's Aug. 31 forecast on 2006 farm income.
That report shows 2006 estimated net farm income at $54.4 billion, or nearly $20
billion less than 2005's $74 billion and $31 billion under 2004's $85.4 billion.

Indeed, everywhere you look in the income report you see black flags and bleak
numbers when comparing 2005 to 2006 in farm country: gross cash income down from
$281 billion to $272 billion; livestock receipts down from $125 billion to $119
billion; direct government payments down from $24 billion to $18 billion; total
expenses up from $226 billion to $237 billion.

The one thing you won't find in the income report and its accompanying analysis
is a press release or even a public comment by Johanns on how farm income has
crashed under his leadership.

Again, these USDA facts neither fit the administration's unending trade sermon
nor its election year slogans. Golly, record ag exports and a simultaneous $20
billion plunge in net farm income and no public official offers one word of
explanation?

Indeed, the reports' facts plainly show the administration's - as well as many
farm groups' - central "market access" plank to both the 2007 Farm Bill debate
and world trade talks is, again, all gas.

What's more, if you restate annual ag trade numbers from 1990 through 2006 in
constant 2006 dollars you quickly see the U.S. ag trade surplus peaked in
mid-1996 at $35 billion and steadily eroded to today's $3 billion.

And what seminal American ag event occurred in 1996?

We embarked on an odyssey in ag policy, Freedom to Farm, that has yet to work.
Just look at the numbers.

Guebert's weekly column is published in more than 75 papers in North America.
Contact him at agcomm@sbcglobal.net.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Call to prioritise agri-production

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 231 words


He said rising food prices impact on food security. This is most evident in the
developing world, where people already suffering from under-nourishment, and for
whom food bills make up between 60% and- 80% of their income, are facing a heavy
burden.

More than half the world's population lives in low-income, food-deficit
countries.

Mr Smith called on governments to radically reappraise their priorities and
fulfil their commitments to fight hunger.

Noting that Ireland's development assistance will reach the target of 0.7% of
gross national income by 2012, he said a central part of the international
response has to be support for sustainable agricultural production in Africa,
and other food deficit regions.

The Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food pays an annual subscription to
support the work of the Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) of the UN.

This amounted to EUR 1.5 million this year. It also provides extra budgetary
funding to support particular FAO activities.

The Minister said that although rising food prices have caused hardship for
some, they can offer the possibility of income generation for farmers, if
individual country's agricultural sectors are able to respond.

"We must give them the help they need to do so. Partner governments must in turn
ensure that they pursue supportive agricultural policies which promote
sustainable pro-poor growth," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 30, 1989, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Drop by 2%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 29


Prices farmers received for raw products dropped 2 percent from May to June but
still averaged 5 percent more than a year earlier, the Agriculture Department
said today.

The department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in its preliminary report
that lower prices for tomatoes, cattle, wheat and corn were mostly responsible
for the decrease.

Higher prices for lettuce, hogs, lemons and strawberries partly offset the other
declines.

Cattle Prices Mixed

The June hog price was at the highest level since last August, the report said.
Cattle and calf prices were mixed, and all feed-grain and oilseed prices
decreased from May, it added.

Wheat prices were down, while rice was up slightly. And lower broiler prices
more than offset slight increases for eggs and turkeys.

Department economists said net cash income of farmers is expected to fall
between 5 and 14 percent this year, to $50 billion to $55 billion from the
record 1988 level of $58 billion.

Net cash income is the amount farmers have to spend during the year and
represents the difference between gross cash income and cash expenses. Cash
income rose last year despite the drought partly because of higher market prices
and crops farmers had stored from previous harvests.

The decline this year is expected to stem from farmers' larger cash expenses as
they increase plantings, and also because of lower Federal subsidies.

Food Prices Seen Rising

The Agriculture Department expects consumer food prices to rise an average of 4
to 7 percent this year, after a 4.1 percent increase in 1988.

Based on the preliminary figures, the price index for livestock and livestock
products declined six-tenths of 1 percent from May to June but still averaged
5.4 percent above the year-earlier level.

Crop prices over all dropped 2.8 percent from May but averaged 6.2 percent more
than in June 1988.

The overall index of prices paid to farmers in June averaged 146 (the 1977 base
was 100), down from a revised record-matching 149 in May. That was the lowest
reading since December, when the index stood at 145.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of farm prices from Jan. '88-June '89 (source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Agriculture industry question capabilities

BYLINE: By ERIC TAPAKAU

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 393 words


MAJOR players in the agriculture sector yesterday questioned the Government s
management capabilities and accountability of the K100 million a year National
Agriculture Development Plan.

The plan, which is the Government s blue-print to develop the country s
agriculture sector over the next 10 years, came under the spotlight as
participants to a workshop organised by the Institute of National Affairs
queried how the Government would be able to manage such a huge sum of money.

The workshop was on the launch of the World Bank funded World Development Report
2008 focusing on agriculture for development.

Director of the Institute of National Affairs Paul Barker said too much red tape
in the government bureaucracy dragged the Green Revolution and the institute
feared that the same would be made of the NADP.

It is one thing to announce programs but it is another thing to implement (these
programs), Mr Barker said.

Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Mining, Lands and Physical Planning Dr
Puka Temu said the Government had institutional weaknesses and it was working on
ways to effectively manage these weaknesses.

The Government is committed to the NADP, Dr Temu said.

We do have institutional weaknesses that we are addressing at the moment.

Dr Temu said the Government s goal over the next 10 years under the NADP would
be to improve income earning opportunities for Papua New Guineans.

Our goal over the next 10 years is to increase income earning opportunities and
ultimately to increase net income of farmers dependent on the agriculture and
other renewable natural resources, he said.

The programs proposed in the NADP take into account the MTDS (Medium Term
Development Strategy) 2005-2010 aspirations for a 5 per cent growth in
agriculture. It is anticipated that the contribution by the agriculture sector
to the country s GDP will increase from the current level of 12 per cent to
about 30 per cent within the next five years and higher after that.

Head of the World Bank mission in Papua New Guinea Benson Ateng also asked if
providing massive amounts of money to the agriculture sector would provide
answers that the country needed to improve the sector in PNG.

He said answers to effectively provide assistance to the sector would be found
by working in partnership with development partners and all other stakeholders
in the agriculture industry.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           January 25, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Question whether CWB role can be easily altered

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Kevin Hursh; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 670  words


Don't expect rapid farm policy changes under the new Conservative government.

One exception could be changes to the mandate of the Canadian Wheat Board.

The first order of business will be choosing an agriculture minister. Diane
Finley from Ontario served as the Conservative agriculture critic. She doesn't
have much of an agriculture background, but she defeated former Liberal
Agriculture Minister Bob Speller in the 2004 election and won by even more this
time around.

It would be nice to see an agriculture minister from the West for a change and
it would be good to have someone with a vested interest in agriculture, but that
may not happen.

As for policy changes, there should be a few things the Conservatives will be
able to get through the House of Commons even with their fragile minority.

All three national parties support a renewable fuel standard so that's something
that should be relatively easy to accomplish.

All the parties agree that the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization (CAIS)
plan is badly flawed, but it may be tough to get agreement on what should
replace it.

Expect a lot of consultation and a lot of uncertainty over how a new farm income
safety net will be structured.

Conservative Party policy calls for the Canadian Wheat Board (CWB) to be
voluntary.

With the Liberals and NDP opposed to the idea, the big question is whether the
Conservatives will try to implement this change without legislative amendments.
If they go that route, the change could happen quite quickly.

The CWB says legislation would be required to change the mandate. The Western
Canadian Wheat Growers Association has examined the issue and believes the new
government could make the necessary regulatory changes through a simple
order-in-council.

"This can be achieved by instructing the CWB to provide export permits at no
cost to farmers and the private trade, and to allow domestic processors the
ability to purchase wheat and barley directly from farmers and grain companies,"
says the association in a news release.

The association has long fought for an end to the CWB marketing monopoly, so
they're "elated" that "marketing choice" will finally be realized. They're
expecting the change "in the coming weeks".

Former CWB Minister Charlie Mayer, in the Progressive Conservative government of
the 1980s, removed oats from the CWB's jurisdiction through a simple
order-in-council.

However, when he tried to open the door to open market sales of barley to the
U.S. and Mexico, the three Prairie wheat pools challenged the action in court.

According to the wheat growers association, the problem was trying to change the
rules on sales to selected countries.

The association also points out that because an election was called and the
Liberals were returned to power, the court decision was never appealed.

Farmers, particularly western farmers, certainly threw their support behind the
Conservatives in this election.

Some say that gives the new government the moral authority to end the CWB's
marketing monopoly.

In truth, farmer support for the Conservatives is due to an array of factors and
the CWB is well down the list.

Farm support for the CWB depends on how you ask the question.

Asked if they want a choice, most farmers will say yes. Having both the CWB and
the open market as options sounds great, much like having your cake and eating
it too.

Asked if they would support an open market for wheat and barley if it meant the
end of the CWB, most farmers will say no. The debate really boils down to
whether the CWB could be a useful marketing alternative operating in an
open-market context.

The CWB would really be just another grain company, except it would have the
competitive disadvantage of no elevators and no terminals.

If the wheat growers association is correct with its legal interpretation, the
Conservative's CWB election platform could be quickly fulfilled.

But there could be a political cost down the road.

- Kevin Hursh is a Saskatchewan farmer and consulting agrologist. He can be
reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Stephen Cadogan: CAP transformed but food poverty continues

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 451 words


High farmer support prices that kept the price of food high in Europe were often
targeted by Alan Matthews, when he was the professor of European agricultural
policy at Trinity College, Dublin.

But that was in the 1990s and earlier, before Agriculture Commissioner Franz
Fischler started to transform the CAP.

Now Professor Emeritus, Matthews continues to keep a close eye on the CAP, and
makes his views known on the www.capreform.eu  blog

In his latest contribution, he has revisited the question of what role the
agriculture policy continues to play in poverty in the EU.

He made a submission to the Commission on Food and Poverty, which has been
established by the Fabian Society in the UK, to examine how poverty relates to
the food system.

The Commission has found that many people on low incomes are unable to access
affordable, nutritious food.

Changes to household incomes, food prices and the price of other essential
living costs, had made food less affordable for those on low incomes.

The price of food in the UK began to rise from 2006.

As healthy diets became more expensive, poor households responded by buying
cheaper, less nutritious food.

Those on the lowest incomes are eating less fruit and vegetables, more salt,
more sugar, more saturated fat and more processed foods.

The poor are one and a half times more likely to suffer from diabetes, and while
child obesity is falling dramatically in high-income UK households, it is still
unrelenting in low-income households.

But the CAP is no longer the culprit, says Matthews.

He argues that the impact of agricultural policy on food prices is now much more
limited, other than for commodities such as beef, poultrymeat, potatoes,
tomatoes and possibly fruit, where high tariff protection keeps prices within
the EU higher than they otherwise need to be.

Previously, farm incomes were supported by high product prices.

Farmgate prices in the EU were up to twice world market levels, and in some
cases (such as sugar) even higher.

This hit consumers.

The CAP today is a very different animal, according to Alan Matthews.

The stimulus to farm production has been greatly reduced.

Dairy quotas went last April, sugar quotas will go in October, 2017, which
should lower prices further.

The farmer s share of the price the consumer pays is now relatively small.

Using agricultural policy to influence food consumption doesn t work, says
Matthews.

Farmers will be glad to hear the prices they are paid don t cause food poverty
and ill-health.

Matthews suggests instead that nutrition be improved by policies such as tax on
fat consumption.

And he says food prices in the medium-term depend heavily on agricultural
research to raise farm productivity in a sustainable way.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Sindh: Draft agriculture income tax law ready

LENGTH: 958  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


A draft law to bring reforms in existing agriculture income tax collection and
related laws has suggested seven tax slabs for the assessment of farm income
between Rs400,000 and Rs6 million or above as well as a fixed tax on holding
minimum 16 acres of cultivated land, it emerged on Tuesday.

The draft Sindh Agricul­tural Income Tax Bill, 2014 -- likely to be tabled in
the Sindh Assembly in its upcom­ing session -- was prepared by a committee
head­ed by its convener Abdul Majeed Nizamani, the president of the Sindh
Abad­gar Board, with representatives of the Sindh cham­ber of agriculture and
other tax and agriculture economy experts as its members.

The provincial government tasked the committee to deliberate on the issue and
recommend reforms needed in the existing system and laws governing the levying
of agricultural income tax on farmers and propose a draft of reforms.

In the first schedule of the draft bill, the tax tariff suggested Rs200 per acre
per annum on irrigated land and Rs100 per acre on unirrigated land, while on
matured orchard banana and betel leaf Rs700 per acre on irrigated land and Rs350
per acre on unirrigated land.

The minimum income tax should be applicable to cultivated land of more than 16
acres. This exemption shall not apply to matured orch­ard, banana and betel
leaf. No minimum income tax shall be levied in Thar desert and Kohistan areas
and if the owner of the land pays Usher as per the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance,
1980 that shall be the total tax payable under this schedule.

In the second schedule there are seven categories which reads: where the net
taxable income does not exceed Rs 400,000, tax zero per cent; where the net
taxable income exceeds Rs 400,000, but does not exceed Rs750,000, 5pc of the
income above Rs400,000; where the net taxable income exceed Rs750,000 but does
not exceed Rs1.5 million, Rs17,500 plus 10pc of the income above Rs750,000;
where the net taxable income exceeds Rs1.5m but does not exceeds Rs2.5m, Rs
92,500 plus 15pc of the income above Rs1.5m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs2.5m but does not exceed Rs4m, Rs242,500 plus 20pc of the income above
Rs2.5m; where the net taxable income exceeds Rs4m but does not exceed Rs6m,
Rs542,500 plus 25pc of the income above Rs4m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs6m, Rs1.042m plus 30pc of the income above Rs6m.

Paltry tax revenue from farm income

According to the draft bill, no civil court shall have jurisdiction in any
manner relating to the assessment or collection of the agri-income tax or
minimum income tax and no order passed or proceedings taken by an authority
under this act shall be called in question in any civil court.

However, for the purpose of appeal, review or revision, an order passed under
this act shall deem to be an order of a revenue officer within the meaning of
the Sindh Land Revenue Act, 1967.

Every person... has during the said income year, cultivated land measuring 50
acres or more of irrigated land or 100 acres or more of non-irrigated land or
irrigated and non-irrigated land the aggregate area of which is equal to or more
than 50 acres of irrigated land shall file a return of his total agricultural
income or the agricultural income of such other persons, as the case may be, for
the said income year in such form and by such date as may be prescribed.
However, no assessment on the basis of the return shall be made by the collector
after the expiration of two years from the end of the assessment years in which
the total agricultural income was first assessable.

Adjustment of taxes: in case a person whose only income is from agriculture, the
withholding tax/advance tax on motor vehicles, advance tax on private motor
vehicles, cash withdrawal from bank, electricity consumption and telephone
users, advance tax on purchase of air ticket, advance tax on sale or transfer of
immovable property, advance tax on functions and gatherings and collection of
advance tax by educational institutions shall be termed as tax collected in
advance from the agricultural income of the person and shall be adjusted
accordingly.

Losses: where a person sustains a loss for any tax year, the person shall be
entitled to have the amount of the loss set off against the person's income, if
any, chargeable to tax for the ensuing year.

Penalty clauses: wherein the course of any proceedings under this act, the
collector or the appellate or revision authority is satisfied that any owner has
either in the said proceedings or in an earlier proceedings relating to an
assessment in respect of any agriculture income tax year, concealed the
particulars of cultivated land or furnished inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land, he or it may impose upon such owner a penalty equal to the
amount of minimum income tax which the said owner sought to evade by concealment
of his cultivated land or furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land as aforesaid.

Similarly if the authority is satisfied that any person has either in the said
proceedings or in any earlier proceedings relating to an assessment in respect
of agriculture income year concealed his agricultural income or furnished
inaccurate particulars of such income he or it may impose upon such person a
penalty equal to the amount of tax which the said person sought to evade by
concealment of his agricultural income or furnished of inaccurate particulars of
such income as aforesaid.

No penalty shall be imposed on any person by a collector or the appellate or
revision authority unless such person has been given a reasonable opportunity of
being heard. The government may exempt any land or class of owner wholly or
partially from payment of minimum income tax in a manner and to the extent as
prescribed by the rules.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Today's Muslim Peshawar

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

Sindh: Draft agriculture income tax law ready

LENGTH: 958  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


A draft law to bring reforms in existing agriculture income tax collection and
related laws has suggested seven tax slabs for the assessment of farm income
between Rs400,000 and Rs6 million or above as well as a fixed tax on holding
minimum 16 acres of cultivated land, it emerged on Tuesday.

The draft Sindh Agricul­tural Income Tax Bill, 2014 -- likely to be tabled in
the Sindh Assembly in its upcom­ing session -- was prepared by a committee
head­ed by its convener Abdul Majeed Nizamani, the president of the Sindh
Abad­gar Board, with representatives of the Sindh cham­ber of agriculture and
other tax and agriculture economy experts as its members.

The provincial government tasked the committee to deliberate on the issue and
recommend reforms needed in the existing system and laws governing the levying
of agricultural income tax on farmers and propose a draft of reforms.

In the first schedule of the draft bill, the tax tariff suggested Rs200 per acre
per annum on irrigated land and Rs100 per acre on unirrigated land, while on
matured orchard banana and betel leaf Rs700 per acre on irrigated land and Rs350
per acre on unirrigated land.

The minimum income tax should be applicable to cultivated land of more than 16
acres. This exemption shall not apply to matured orch­ard, banana and betel
leaf. No minimum income tax shall be levied in Thar desert and Kohistan areas
and if the owner of the land pays Usher as per the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance,
1980 that shall be the total tax payable under this schedule.

In the second schedule there are seven categories which reads: where the net
taxable income does not exceed Rs 400,000, tax zero per cent; where the net
taxable income exceeds Rs 400,000, but does not exceed Rs750,000, 5pc of the
income above Rs400,000; where the net taxable income exceed Rs750,000 but does
not exceed Rs1.5 million, Rs17,500 plus 10pc of the income above Rs750,000;
where the net taxable income exceeds Rs1.5m but does not exceeds Rs2.5m, Rs
92,500 plus 15pc of the income above Rs1.5m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs2.5m but does not exceed Rs4m, Rs242,500 plus 20pc of the income above
Rs2.5m; where the net taxable income exceeds Rs4m but does not exceed Rs6m,
Rs542,500 plus 25pc of the income above Rs4m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs6m, Rs1.042m plus 30pc of the income above Rs6m.

Paltry tax revenue from farm income

According to the draft bill, no civil court shall have jurisdiction in any
manner relating to the assessment or collection of the agri-income tax or
minimum income tax and no order passed or proceedings taken by an authority
under this act shall be called in question in any civil court.

However, for the purpose of appeal, review or revision, an order passed under
this act shall deem to be an order of a revenue officer within the meaning of
the Sindh Land Revenue Act, 1967.

Every person... has during the said income year, cultivated land measuring 50
acres or more of irrigated land or 100 acres or more of non-irrigated land or
irrigated and non-irrigated land the aggregate area of which is equal to or more
than 50 acres of irrigated land shall file a return of his total agricultural
income or the agricultural income of such other persons, as the case may be, for
the said income year in such form and by such date as may be prescribed.
However, no assessment on the basis of the return shall be made by the collector
after the expiration of two years from the end of the assessment years in which
the total agricultural income was first assessable.

Adjustment of taxes: in case a person whose only income is from agriculture, the
withholding tax/advance tax on motor vehicles, advance tax on private motor
vehicles, cash withdrawal from bank, electricity consumption and telephone
users, advance tax on purchase of air ticket, advance tax on sale or transfer of
immovable property, advance tax on functions and gatherings and collection of
advance tax by educational institutions shall be termed as tax collected in
advance from the agricultural income of the person and shall be adjusted
accordingly.

Losses: where a person sustains a loss for any tax year, the person shall be
entitled to have the amount of the loss set off against the person's income, if
any, chargeable to tax for the ensuing year.

Penalty clauses: wherein the course of any proceedings under this act, the
collector or the appellate or revision authority is satisfied that any owner has
either in the said proceedings or in an earlier proceedings relating to an
assessment in respect of any agriculture income tax year, concealed the
particulars of cultivated land or furnished inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land, he or it may impose upon such owner a penalty equal to the
amount of minimum income tax which the said owner sought to evade by concealment
of his cultivated land or furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land as aforesaid.

Similarly if the authority is satisfied that any person has either in the said
proceedings or in any earlier proceedings relating to an assessment in respect
of agriculture income year concealed his agricultural income or furnished
inaccurate particulars of such income he or it may impose upon such person a
penalty equal to the amount of tax which the said person sought to evade by
concealment of his agricultural income or furnished of inaccurate particulars of
such income as aforesaid.

No penalty shall be imposed on any person by a collector or the appellate or
revision authority unless such person has been given a reasonable opportunity of
being heard. The government may exempt any land or class of owner wholly or
partially from payment of minimum income tax in a manner and to the extent as
prescribed by the rules.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 1, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

PRICES PAID TO FARMERS RISE BY 1.5%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 2; Page 40, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 416 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 30


Prices farmers get for their products increased by 1.5 percent in April, but
they were still 5.6 percent below price levels of a year ago, the Agriculture
Department said today.

Economists saw the April rise from March's level as an encouraging sign that the
farm economy may be slowly improving, although product prices were still below
farm costs.

The price news was tempered by a report that American farm exports during the
first half of the fiscal year, which began last Oct. 1, were down significantly
from the comparable 1980-81 period, both in value and quantity.

Shipments in the six-month period totaled $21.8 billion, down 10 percent. The
volume was about 85 million metric tons, a decline of 3 percent.

March Figure Revised

The Agriculture Department also issued a revised figure for March showing that
farm prices had not changed from February's level. The original report for March
had been of an eight-tenths of 1 percent decline.

Consequently, with the 1.5 percent gain in April, farm prices now have risen or
held steady in the first four months of this year. In February the rise was
eight-tenths of 1 percent from January's level.

Higher prices for cattle, lettuce, hogs, corn and soybeans contributed most to
the gain in the index from March, the report said. Lower prices for eggs, milk,
sweet corn, apples and broilers partly offset the increases, however.

Prices that farmers pay to meet expenses held steady in April, but were still an
average of 3.3 percent higher than a year ago, the report said.

The depressed price situation has been a major factor in a decline in net farm
income in the past two years, and there are indications that income will drop
further in 1982. Agriculture Department officials, however, said they did not
intend to issue a 1982 farm income estimate before September.

Before Agriculture Secretary John R. Block decided to hold up further income
estimates, the economists said that farm income in 1982 might range from $13
billion to $18 billion, compared with about $19 billion in 1981, $22 billion in
1980, and $27.4 billion in 1979.

Prices of Animals Up

According to the preliminary price figures for April - which are based mostly on
midmonth averages - prices of meat animals as a group rose 3.9 percent from
March and were 6 percent higher than a year ago.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan?s
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector?s sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo?s U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan?s export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan?s agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan?s agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

SECTION: Vol. 13 No. 72

LENGTH: 490  words


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan?s
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo. The U.S.
pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the agriculture
sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and income for
farmers, and ensure the sector?s sustainability.  The two-day exhibition in
Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo?s U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan?s export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.  The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018. USAID programs help boost
Pakistan?s agricultural productivity by introducing advanced farming
technologies, services, and practices; building additional irrigation
infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.  The United
States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more than 370,000
acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the incomes of more
than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one million acres
by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan?s agribusinesses access financing, form
partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.  These programs are helping
Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.  They
have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million in
new agriculture product export orders.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has partnered with the Government of
Pakistan, U.S. land grant universities, and international partners to help
increase agricultural productivity in Pakistan; build institutional capacities
to better regulate animal and plant health and food safety issues; and
strengthen institutional research capabilities and U.S.-Pakistani scientific
collaboration.

USDA programs promote the adoption of new agricultural practices and
technologies, and foster collaboration in the areas of animal disease control,
aquaculture, cotton diseases, crop estimation forecasting, watershed management
and irrigation technology, improvement of soil fertility, and wheat diseases,
among others.  Through USDA, the United States is also working with Pakistan to
vaccinate more than 500,000 cattle, buffalo, and yaks; implement livestock
disease surveillance systems; and develop a strain of cotton resistant to the
curl leaf virus, which could devastate crops in Pakistan and globally if not
addressed.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday

Is agriculture bottoming out in 2016?

LENGTH: 338  words


Purdue University's agriculture economy barometer measures producer sentiment
and the health of the agriculture economy based on a monthly survey of 400
producers across the US.

After a series of declines in the past few months, the index rebounded sharply
from a reading of 85 in March to 106 in April. Components related to the
computation of the index also reveal that producers' overall outlook toward
current and future conditions have improved. Notably, the index of current
conditions increased from a reading of 77 in March to 105 in April, and the
index of future conditions increased from 89 to 107 month-over-month.

This upshift in sentiments followed the recent recovery in corn, wheat, and
soybean prices after the sharp decline following the plantation report on March
31. The uptick was also led by timely rains in the Great Plains region.
Favorable spring weather in the Corn Belt region, in contrast to weather
challenges for corn cultivation in South America, has also encouraged US
optimism toward prices and yields.

However, when asked about the financial situation of producers for the next 12
months, 76 percent of producers surveyed said they still expect bad times ahead.
Agriculture leaders and industry executives have reaffirmed this sentiment.
Nearly 90 percent of industry leaders said they were pessimistic about the
agriculture economy for the next 12 months.

Overall, we might conclude that while yields are improving and farmers are
producing more, low prices on produce are likely to keep farm incomes low. This
means that the equipment sales of manufacturers such as AGCO and Deere are
unlike to improve without a stimulus to farm incomes.

Investors interested in trading in the agribusinesses can look into the
PowerShares DB Agriculture Fund ETF (DBA). Those interested in trading in
dividend-based ETFs can look into the Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF (VIG).
Major holdings in VIG include Microsoft (MSFT), with a holding of 5.1 percent,
and Coca-Cola Company (KO), with a holding of 4.4 percent.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2016 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      February 24, 2014 Monday 6:34 PM GMT

Plaid Cymru: Farming incomes plunge 'lost confidence' in Minister;
Agriculture spokesman Llyr Gruffydd claimed income lost to farms is
'self-inflicted' after decision to transfer maximum 15% from direct payments

BYLINE: By David James

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


Massive drops in the incomes of farmers compounded by a decision to transfer
funds between funds for farming subsidies after the European Union budget
settlement have led to plunging confidence in the Welsh Government, Plaid Cymru
has claimed.

Llyr Gruffydd, the party's spokesman on agriculture, said the Natural Resources
and Food Minister Alun Davies had "needlessly" inflicted a maximum 15% transfer
of funds away from direct payments to farmers, while presiding over cuts which
could "threaten the sustainability" of many farms.

He claimed the decision by the Welsh Govenrment to transfer the maximum meant
plunging farming incomes were "self-inflicted".

It comes after Mr Davies announced it would transfer the maximum amount from the
so-called "Pillar 1" - which provides direct support payments to farmers under
the EU Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) settlement - to "Pillar 2", which is
money farmers must apply for as part of Wales' Rural Development Plan (RDP).

The RDP is how the Welsh Government allocates money for agri-environmental
schemes, as well as community schemes, and the amount transferred into this pot
amounts to around £250m moved away from direct payments.

The government said it was committed to securing the long-term success of the
sector.

But Mr Gruffydd launched a stinging attack on Mr Davies' decision to move money
away from direct funding of farmers, suggesting it could threaten the viability
of many farms - despite agreeing with the general aims of the government's
strategy.

He said some farms will see squeezes in their incomes of between 40% to 80% to
key areas as a result of the government's decisions.

"I think it is reasonable to say that no business can be expected to survive
without additional support in that respect," he said. "To transfer the maximum -
and hit farmers to such an extent at a time when their incomes are being
squeezed - means the damage done to farmers is entirely self-inflicted.

"The amount transferred to the RDP cannot be reviewed down. But there is another
mechanism which allows Welsh Government to transfer funds from Pillar 2 to
Pillar 1, and they don't have to notify the EU before August 1. They need to
seriously consider doing that, as three years down the line if they feel they
need to take a hit of 15%, then they can review it at that stage."

He said Mr Davies should apologise for the handling of the announcement of farm
funding, which saw letters "without proper explanation" sent out to farmers
informing them of a 23% cut in incomes, but that the move had "lost the
confidence" of farmers after presiding over collapsing incomes and "a lack of
focus".

"If we go back to the Minister's response to the [CAP] and you would see it
grated on farmers. It was very much a feeling that they had been let down by the
Welsh Government," he said.

Mr Davies said he was committed to securing the long-term success of Welsh
agriculture.

He said: "As we have repeatedly made clear, Europe's reform of CAP will
inevitably bring about significant change in Wales, but we are working hard to
steer change to achieve both a fairer distribution of funding among Welsh
farmers, while also taking steps to support the farming industry and strengthen
rural Wales in the long term.

"The important decisions made in January will help farmers increase their
efficiency and profits, exploit opportunities for new markets and strengthen the
farming industry's resilience to market setbacks and bad weather.

"To say that to transfer funding between pillars is to take money out of Welsh
agriculture is incorrect and shows Mr Gruffydd does not fully understand the
nature of CAP reform. We are investing in Wales's rural economy and the future
of the agricultural industry - just last week the Minister announced the biggest
Rural Development Programme that Wales has ever seen with £953m being spent on
the agricultural industry and rural Wales."

"Plaid Cymru put their heads in the sand, whilst I plan for the future. They did
nothing in office to prepare the Welsh Agriculture sector for the future and now
all they do is complain and by doing so make themselves irrelevant."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBWM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                             March 30, 2015 Monday

Crop prices and income distribution

SECTION: Vol. LXIX No. 88

LENGTH: 579  words


Although the governments involvement in the market for important food and cash
crops has changed substantially over time, it still intervenes to stabilise
prices of major crops and agriculture inputs.

A spike in the commodity prices, the government claims, will not only boost
production but will also improve the income of growers.

It is also argued that subsequently the increase in rural income will not only
support the industrial and service sectors through higher consumption, but will
also benefit the poor through trickle down phenomenon.

The higher commodity prices provide incentive to growers to bring more acreage
under cultivation; generally there exists a direct and positive correlation
between procurement, support or expected crop prices and the supply.

The pertinent concern here, however, is to explore how benefits of rising crop
prices are distributed among rural households. Due to the paucity of relevant
panel micro level farm data, no systematic study is available to verify the
general perception that the policy of support price improves rural income
distribution; eventually income disparity in rural areas has widened as a result
of rising crop prices.

It is argued that

Incomes from the crop sector are roughly proportional to the distribution of
land which is quite skewed and as such any stimulus to the crop sector would
help large landlords more than small farmers.

Only 34pc of the rural population is engaged in the crop sector, and a vast
majority of them are small landholders. This means that only a small proportion
of population in the rural areas stands to gain from increasing crop prices.

The transfer of additional cash has widened income disparity in rural society
even if many small farmers have also benefited from the soaring crop prices
because the trickle down has been uneven and limited.

In the case of the wheat crop, the contention of `marketable surplus is often
cited to strengthen the argument of worsening rural income distribution due to
the rising prices.

The Pakistan Agricultural Prices Commission (Apcom) has conducted a survey in
the major wheat surplus districts in Sindh in 1997 and in Punjab in 1998.
According to this study (Dorosh and Salam 2006), only eight and 11pc share in
total sale of wheat crop goes to small farmers 12.5 acres) in Sindh and Punjab
respectively. Dorosh and Salam (2006) did not disaggregate the share of farmers
with land up to five acres, which is in fact the target group for poverty
reduction strategies.

An attempt is also made to explore the trickle down phenomenon in terms of rural
wages. Pakistan Labour Force Surveys (LFS) records wages in overall agriculture
(agriculture, livestock, hunting, forestry, logging and fishing) sector as well
as wages of market oriented skilled and subsistence agricultural and fishery
workers. To monitor the trend in rural wages since 1991, LFS data is used for
plotting monthly nominal and real (adjusted with CPI) wages. Charts 5.4 furnish
the trend for overall agriculture sector and for skilled workers respectively.

According to the chart, real wages for overall agriculture sector have declined
in the 90s and since then are almost stagnant. However, an upward trend is
observed in the case of skilled agriculture workers in the first half decade of
2000s, while in the later half a slight declining trend is evident. Thus the
initial analysis of trends in rural wages apparently does not indicate the
existence of the trickle down phenomenon.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2015 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                               September 17, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

'Investment in agriculture delivers export growth and job creation' - IFA

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 45

LENGTH: 343 words


ADDRESSING the Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform,
IFA President John Bryan said the clear message from the farming sector is that
Government support for farmers provides a sustainable stimulus for the Irish
economy, which will drive export growth and job creation.

He said, "Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets,
there has been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013.
This comes at a time when Ireland is experiencing a general fall in
manufacturing exports".

John Bryan said underpinning this growth is a primary agriculture sector that is
delivering a high quality, sustainable raw material to the food sector.
Agriculture contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is of
particular importance in the rural economy.

Recently published figures by Teagasc's National Farm Survey estimate that
average family farm in 2012 fell by 15% compared to 2011. Many farmers have come
under severe cashflow problems as a result.

In addition, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts, and cuts to
farm schemes in particular, is challenging the viability of thousands of low-
income family farms. Cuts to farm schemes impact directly on farm income and
have a negative knock-on effect on production decisions on-farm.

Total funding for the agriculture budget has been reduced by a greater
percentage than any other major Government department. Since 2008, total funding
for agriculture has been cut by 41.2%, compared to an average reduction across
all Government departments of 12.6%.

The facts are that the proportionate spend on the agriculture since 2004 has
fallen by 25% (from 3.04% in 2004 of the total national budget to 2.26% in 2013)
Furthermore within the agriculture budget, farm schemes have been targeted for
disproportionate cuts. Total expenditure on farm schemes between 2011 and 2013
has fallen by 18% or (EURO)119m. This compares to a reduction in expenditure of
8%, or (EURO)60m across all other budgetary headings within the Agriculture
budget.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           February 1, 1996, Thursday

Farmers' incomes up by a third

BYLINE: NICHOLAS SCHOON

SECTION: NEWS; Page  2

LENGTH: 174 words


NICHOLAS SCHOON

Farmers' incomes soared by one-third last year. It is the fourth year running
that agricultural incomes have grown in real terms - and they are expected to
rise again appreciably this year. The farmers' rapidly rising prosperity comes
after a decade of decline.

The Ministry of Agriculture yesterday said farming income, which covers only
farmers and their spouses, had risen by 34 per cent between 1994 and 1995 - or
29 per cent in real terms - to just over pounds 4bn.

The depreciation of the pound against European currencies and the high world
price of cereals have helped boost income.

n Pay rises enjoyed by chief executives at National Health Service trusts are
running at twice the rate awarded to nurses, according to the latest returns.
Union leaders yesterday registered their anger over research which showed that
while the total earnings of the senior administrators increased by 7.6 per cent
in the year to last March, nursing staff saw their average total pay rise by
just 3.2 per cent.


LOAD-DATE: February 01, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                          February 29, 2012 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Farmers reap the reward of a growing appetite for meat;
TOTAL INCOME FROM FARMING ROSE ALMOST A THIRD IN 2011

BYLINE: SALLY WILLIAMS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 664 words


THE world's increasing appetite for meat has helped drive a dramatic increase in
Wales' farming income, it emerged yesterday.

The total income from farming in Wales rose by almost a third to pounds 209.5m
in 2011 when compared to 2010, statistics released by the Welsh Government
revealed.

The figures also show that the value of agricultural output produced in Wales in
2011 was around pounds 1,393m - an increase of 12% on 2010.

And the Welsh Government said individual farm incomes in Wales are forecast to
rise by an average of 16% from pounds 32,900 to pounds 38,200 in 2011-12.

Deputy Minister for Agriculture Alun Davies said: "This is excellent news for
the farming industry and shows that we have a lot to be optimistic about for the
forthcoming year.

"Strong market prices and increased production mean that farm incomes are set to
rise for the first time in two years, which is very welcome.

"Wales is delivering excellent produce and it is very pleasing to see that
farmers are being rewarded through increased prices and incomes.

"However, the increase is also due to a rise in the Single Payment, which
represents on average between 80% and 90% of farm income.

"This highlights the importance of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP) to
farming in Wales and this is why I am committed to ensuring Wales gets the best
possible deal out of CAP reform."

He said the rises are attributed to greater output and higher market prices, as
well as an increase in subsidy payments to farmers, largely due to the effect of
the exchange rate on the value of the Single Payment Scheme (SPS) payments.

Business reached rock bottom a decade ago in the wake of the foot and mouth
outbreak of 2001.

Welsh agriculture had already suffered in the 1980s and 1990s as the number of
animals being kept on upland areas steadily declined, as more and more hill
farmers decided to leave the industry.

But resilient Welsh farmers bounced back when the high price of lamb together
with the global rise in the demand for meat, enabled more upland sheep farmers
to make a profit.

Hybu Cig Cymru (HCC) - Meat Promotion Wales has been successful in developing
profitable new markets for Welsh lamb and Welsh beef abroad. Adverts with a
voiceover by Hollywood actor Matthew Rhys for Welsh lamb have been particularly
successful and Welsh chefs including Bryn Williams have been promoting Welsh
lamb and beef in London restaurants.

And now all sectors of the agriculture industry are set to see a rise in income
with dairy farm incomes estimated to rise by 12%; the incomes of lowland cattle
and sheep farms expected to rise by 20% and an estimated 18% increase for Less
Favoured Area cattle and sheep farms. These three sectors account for 75% of
farming activity in Wales.

A spokesman for HCC said: "The value of Welsh lamb has been very strong in
recent years as a result of new market opportunities that have been developed
and favourable exchange rates. This has led to a strong demand for Welsh lamb
abroad from buyers looking for a premium quality product.

"Farmers have also worked hard to make their businesses more sustainable through
improved production and being more efficient with regards to their cost of
production."

Ed Bailey, NFU Cymru president said: "These forecasts are also in contrast to
the performance of the wider economy. "Today's increases follow on from the
improved confidence that we've seen in some farming sectors and build on other
recent indicators that have underlined agriculture's contribution to the wider
economy." Farmers' Union of Wales president Emyr Jones said: "Against the
backdrop of the very low incomes seen over most of the last decade, it is great
news that the rewards for so much hard work, and producing food which is second
to none, have grown."

But both presidents warned about what impact emerging diseases such as the
Schmallenberg virus, the Euro exchange rate or the CAP reform could have on farm
income over the next few years.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2012 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           October 23, 1991 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Woolgrowers' income just $2000 - report

BYLINE: Sheena MacLean

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 522 words


The average income for Victorian woolgrowers this financial year is expected to
be just $2000, according to a report which gives details of the severity of the
rural recession. The average income for all farmers is expected to be slightly
higher at $8800.

The release of the report, called `Managing the Rural Downturn', coincided with
a meeting in Melbourne yesterday of state agriculture ministers and the federal
Primary Industries Minister, Mr Crean, to discuss the worsening effects of the
recession and the severe drought in Queensland and New South Wales.

Mr Crean will take new proposals on drought aid and assistance for farmers in
financial hardship to Federal Cabinet next Tuesday.

Victoria's Minister for Agriculture, Mr Baker, said yesterday the state's rural
communities may not yet have seen the worst. "The post-Christmas period is when
the crunch will really be felt unless there is a significant upswing in
commodity prices," he said. Because of this, the Premier, Mrs Kirner, the
Treasurer, Mr Roper, and he would ask the main banks to maintain a compassionate
approach to farm lending.

The report on the rural downturn, prepared by the Department of Agriculture,
examines the impact of plummeting farm incomes and the general economic downturn
on rural towns, considers the outlook for commodities, and gives information on
government assistance and services.

It says that farm incomes last financial year fell by an average of $30,000 per
farm and the decline is likely to continue this year. Two years ago, the average
cash operating surplus was $40,000. This year it is expected to be $8800.
Woolgrowers can expect a surplus of $2000 for 1991-92, although this might
improve if the wool market performs better than expected.

The income estimates do not include money gained off the farm through town jobs,
investment returns or contract work. Off-farm income averages about $10,000 a
year for broadacre farmers.

Some other key points raised in the report include: Thirty per cent of all
broadacre farms had negative farm cash incomes for 1990-91.

Regional unemployment rates mask severe pockets of higher unemployment in local
government areas.

Requests for emergency relief such as food vouchers from the Salvation Army have
risen by 60 to 100 per cent during the past year.

The national market for tractors, combine harvesters and hay balers is the worst
ever recorded, forcing thousands of retrenchments.

The report says that help for the rural sector should be aimed at individuals
rather than blanket assistance and should not distort production and resource
allocation.

It says there is a good case to extend the two-year period for which unviable
farmers can receive household support (the equivalent of uemployment benefits)
to help them leave the land because of the difficulty of finding alternative
work.

Australia's wheat crop is likely to be 35 per cent down on last year, the
smallest since the drought of 1982-83, the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and
Resource Economics said yesterday. The bureau expects the crop to be 9.78
million tonnes, a sharp drop on its September forecast of 11.4 million tonnes.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1991 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Plowing Taxpayers Under With A $200 Bil Giveaway

BYLINE: STEPHEN MOORE

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; VIEWPOINT; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 708 words


With all this talk in Washington about income inequality, why isn't Barack Obama
or Nancy Pelosi -- or anyone in the greed-and-envy lobby -- going after the
grotesquely unfair farm bill?

This near-$200 billion bill is one of the biggest giveaways to the rich and
politically powerful in recent history.

Usually, in Washington Congress doles out taxpayer subsidies to industries that
are in severe financial trouble -- think of bailouts to autos, banks and steel.
That's bad enough.

But the farm economy isn't in distress. It's booming, and agribusiness still
walked away with $20 billion a year in direct payments, income support and crop
insurance.

We should call it the farming taxpayers bill.

Republicans and Democrats are joint partners in crime here, and they seem
unconcerned that American families will now pay twice for food: at the grocery
store and through their taxes. The pols also seem willfully ignorant to the
reality that this will make the rich richer.

The latest Agriculture Department data indicate that last year the nation's 2.2
million farmers earned net income of $131 billion, or 7% more than the $113.8
billion in 2012. This was nearly double their 2009 incomes.

How many other Americans have doubled their income in five years? The average
family has lost $2,000 of real income over that period.

The price that farmers get for everything from corn to soybeans is at or near
record levels -- and if Congressmen and women actually shopped for food, they
would know this.

The market price of corn averaged between $6 and $7 per bushel last year, about
triple the price in 2002-03. Soybeans sold for $13.50 a bushel, and wheat $8.30,
also about a threefold rise in the past decade. Corn prices are sky-high because
of another taxpayer giveaway -- the ethanol mandates, which take about one-third
of the nation's corn and put it into gas tanks.

The total value of all crops last year exceeded $213 billion -- roughly a 40%
rise from 2009. This is about as far from the days of the Grapes of Wrath as
you'll ever see.

High agriculture commodity prices go hand in hand with higher land values, and
here too America's farmers are enjoying the salad days.

In the breadbasket states of Illinois, Iowa, Kansas and Nebraska, and spreading
all the way west to California, prime farmland prices have risen so fast that
talk now is of a bubble.

Local rural newspapers report new records set for the price farmers are getting
by selling the family farm. In Illinois, Iowa, Nebraska and Ohio, prime farmland
is selling for $10,000, $12,000 and even the unthinkable $15,000 an acre --
triple the price of just four years ago.

Much like the oil and gas drilling rush in places like North Dakota and
Pennsylvania that is making overnight millionaires out of property owners, the
agriculture gold rush is making millionaires out of America's once-middle class
farmers.

Nationwide, farmland prices are more than double their level of a decade ago.
The net worth of all farms is $2.7 trillion, according to the Agriculture
Department, and the average commercial farm is now worth about $2 million. The
million-dollar farms receive about 75% of the crop insurance subsidies.

Just to be clear: America's farm economy bonanza is a good thing. It's in part a
result of the ongoing productivity revolution in agriculture.

American farmers are far and away the most efficient and productive in the
world. American farmers produce three times as much food on half as much land,
with half as many workers, as they did 50 years ago. And the expansion of global
trading markets has made the U.S. the world's breadbasket.

It's true that not all farmers are rich (the average farm income is about
$65,000 a year) but the sad fact is that these programs mostly don't help small,
struggling family farmers, but instead larger, more profitable agribusinesses.

So producers of peanuts, corn, sugar, catfish, ethanol and even olive oil are
lining up at the trough for another feeding by the federal government. That's a
travesty and it only adds to income inequality.

Perhaps our income redistributionist in chief, Barack Obama, will veto this
greased pig that made it through Congress. Fat chance.

Moore is chief economist at the Heritage Foundation and a member of the IBD
Brain Trust.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2016 Mergent, Inc., All Rights Reserved
                       Mergent Private Chinese Companies

                                December 2, 2016

                    HUBEI AGRICULTURE MACHINERY GROUP CORP.


                             WUHAN,  Hu Bei 430012

ADDRESS:
2615, JIEFANG DADAO, HANKOU, WUHAN, HUBEI, P.R.CHINA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (27) 82312419
FAX: (27) 82318265

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

EMPLOYEES:  0
FEMALE EMPLOYEES:  0
ENGINEERS:  0
ANNUAL AVERAGE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Hu Yanliang, General Manager,Legal Person


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
HUBEI AGRICULTURE MACHINERY GROUP CORP. was established in HUBEI. It was
registered as a State-Run. Main products include: Various kind of agriculture
machine, <internal-combustion engine>, <engineering machine>, motor vehicles of
agriculture, fittings of automobile and mechanical and electronic products which
are necessary for production and daily life in the country side. Provision of
steel, cast iron <nonferrous metal>, timber cement voal, <heavy oil>, rubber and
its production, as well as raw materials for chemistry and light-industry, which
are important for the enterprise of agriculture machine..

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
5012 - Automobiles and other motor vehicles
5013 - Motor vehicle supplies and new parts
5031 - Lumber, plywood, and millwork
5032 - Brick, stone, & related materials
5051 - Metals service centers and offices
5052 - Coal and other minerals and ores
5083 - Farm and garden machinery
5084 - Industrial machinery and equipment
5085 - Industrial supplies
516 - Chemicals and allied products

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2005

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS/LIABILITIES



                    Thousands of CNY (Chinese Yuan Renminbi)

Account Payable                                      0
Account Receivable                                   0
Accumulated Depreciation                             0
Average Amount of Current Assets                     0
Collective Capital                                   0
Construction                                         0
Corporation Capital                                  0
Current Assets Total                                 0
Current Liabilities                                  0
Current Year Depreciation                            0
Fixed Assets Total                                   0
Foreign Capital                                      0
Intangible Assets                                    0
Inventory                                            0
Long-term Investment                                 0
Net Book Value of Fixed Assets                       0
Owners Equity                                        0
Paid up Capital                                      0
Property                                             0
Property Insurance                                   0
Reg Capital                                     15,080
Short-term Investment                                0
State Capital                                        0
Total Assets                                         0
Total Liabilities                                    0
Total Long-term Liabilities                          0

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *



                                INCOME/EXPENSES



                    Thousands of CNY (Chinese Yuan Renminbi)

Advertising expenses                                 0
Corporate Tax payable                                0
Cost of Fixed Assets                                 0
Cost of Fixed Assets used for                        0
operations
Cost of sales                                        0
Export Sales                                         0
Finance Charges                                      0
Finished Goods                                       0
Foreign Earnings                                     0
Gross Profit                                         0
HK/Macau/Taiwan Capital                              0
Interest Expenses                                    0
Investment Income                                    0
Labor Insurance                                      0
Management expenses                                  0
Net income from other businesses                     0
Net Loss                                             0
Net profit before Tax                                0
Office expenses                                      0
Operating Income                                     0
Operating Profit                                     0
Other business revenues                              0
Other Incomes                                        0
Purchase VAT                                         0
Research and Development                             0
Retirement and Medical Insurance                     0
Salary payment for core business                     0
Sales tax and additions                              0
Sales Value                                          0
Sales VAT                                            0
Sales/Revenue                                        0
Social Welfare contribution for core                 0
business
Staff training and education                         0
Tax                                                  0
Total Profit/Loss                                    0
Total Revenue for the year                           0
Total Salary for the year                            0
Total Social Welfare Contribution                    0
Value Added Tax                                      0
Value of New Products                                0
Wholesale Retail                                     0

CROSS REFERENCE: HUBEI AGRICULTURE MACHINERY GROUP CORP.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Malaysian Reserve

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

MoA to curb middle man involvement in agro sector

BYLINE: R Kamalavacini

SECTION: C - CENTRAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 435 words


The Ministry of Agriculture (MoA) is expected to curb intensively the
involvement of middle man in the agriculture sector, under its strategies to
strengthen the value chain in this industry.

In a statement yesterday, MoA said for the year 2015, the ministry has set few
targets whereby curbing the interference of middle man is one of the focuses.

It also said that in order to materialise the initiative, the ministry is
currently working towards an increase in direct sales retail outlets to Federal
Agr icultura l Market ing Authority (FAMA).

Besides, MoA said this year it will also focus on achieving its physical target
as well as expenditure target based on eight key result areas under the
agricultural transformation programme.

Among them would be to increase the productivity for rice from 1.7 million
metric tonnes (MT) to 1.78MT tonnes, fruits by 11.3% from the current 765,000MT
and meat by 4.4% from 57,000MT in 2014.

"To achieve this target, the ministry will implement few strategies such as
revising the import policy hybrid rice seeds, replanting as well as TRUST
programme. This includes collaboration with government-linked agencies," it
said. The ministry has also outlaid its initiative to increase the income of
agroprenuers.

"The ministry is aiming to increase the income for agropreneurs to a minimum
RM4,000 per month," it said adding that it will be facilitated by agropreneurial
development upstream herbs and the development of micro entrepreneurs under the
Change Upgrade Product.

It also targets to increase the exports of agro-food by 3.3%, moving forwards.

The overall agriculture sector is broad, encompassing industrial crops such as
oil palm and rubber, food and cash crops (also known as agro-food, food that is
produced by agriculture) such as paddy and livestocks, and speciality products
such as edible bird's nests and herbs.

The Agriculture National Key Economic Area, will focus on selected sub-sectors
which have high-growth potential, namely aquaculture, seaweed farming, swiftlet
nests, herbal products, fruits and vegetables and premium processed food.

This will enable Malaysia to tap a large global market that is rapidly
expanding, it said. The agriculture sector plays an important role in Malaysia's
economic development providing rural employment, uplifting rural incomes and
ensuring national food security.

Traditionally labelled the poor man's sector, the face of agriculture is slowly
changing entrepreneurial farmers in diverse businesses from swiftlet nest
ranching to large-scale paddy farming, being able to move into Malaysia's top
20% income group.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Syed Hussain Publications Sdn Bhd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 March 5, 2003

Disastrous fall in farm incomes must be halted

SECTION: Business; Farm/Food; Politics; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 625 words


Agriculture in Britain must be allowed to make money and economic reality must
be acknowledged - that was the message from the Royal Agricultural Society of
England in response to the Government's Strategy for Sustainable Farming and
Food.  There could be no sustainability in British agriculture without a return
to true commodity profitability, said RASE. The Government had missed the point.
If the whole of the Curry Commission report could be summed up by the word
"reconnection", then RASE would add the words "with economic reality." "I can
think of no other industry that runs a hugely unprofitable core business and
spends all its time cross-subsidising it from diversification, new ventures and
even the owner's pocket, said the RASE chief executive Mike Calvert. "Very soon
British agriculture will overtake ocean yacht racing as the most expensive rich
man's hobby." According to Defra figures, total income from farming in 2001 was
estimated at GBP 1.7 billion. In that year total subsidies paid to UK
agriculture were GBP 2.5 billion - showing an industry with real trading figures
GBP 800 million in the red.

"Early signs are that 2002 figures show an improvement, but much more is
required," said Angela Lea, the RASE head of policy.

"It is encouraging to see that some within the industry are making economic
progress. But it makes no sense for anyone to chase diversified income on or off
the farm, simply to fund an intrinsically non-profitable core business. We fear
that unless the Government, the farming industry and the whole of the food chain
acts promptly further reductions in productivity and a further deterioration of
our rural infrastructure is likely." These days most farmers placed a huge
reliance on income derived from other sources than livestock and crops, she
said. Farm diversification was propping up the real business of farming.

In a recent farm survey it had been found that over the past five years the
proportion of total farm output derived from food production had fallen from 70
per cent to just 55 per cent.

Latest figures from the Inland Revenue showed as little as 40 per cent of
universal farm revenues came from agriculture.

In the United States it was reckoned only ten per cent of farm household income
actually derived from the farm. The UK could be heading for a similar figure,
said Mrs Lea.

"Even the Government admits that farm incomes are running at their lowest level
since the Great Depression of the 1930s," she said. "In real terms total income
from farming is some 70 per cent below its peak in 1995." A survey from the
Institute of Chartered Surveyors showed many farms were not producing sufficient
profit to cover the owner's drawings - and in many cases owner's capital was
being put into the business to keep it going.

It made no sense to subsidise farming in this way and was financially
unsustainable.

"It is not good enough for the Government to state that at the heart of
unprofitable agriculture lies low productivity," Mrs Lea said. "For the vast
majority of farmers the root of poor returns is the low price of the commodities
they produce." One Westcountry arable farmer had calculated his GBP 100,000
worth of wheat off the farm was worth GBP 7.2 million by the time it was sold on
retail shelves as bread and cakes. But he did not know how to take advantage of
the mark-up.

"One might think that Whitehall's silence on cripplingly low prices for farm
commodities is a tacit acceptance that in a globalised market they are powerless
to act," said Mr Calvert.

"A more depressing conclusion is that it is prepared to see our domestic
agriculture exported to those parts of the world with lowest production costs."
Caption:

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 Western Morning News


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 27, 2010 Saturday

Pakistan: FBR officials join traders,politicians in slamming reformed GST

LENGTH: 787  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Nov. 27 -- Senior officials of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) have
censured the imposition of reformed general sales tax (RGST), saying it will
inflate prices and directly hit the poor rather than bringing the rich into the
tax net.

A telephonic survey, conducted by media on Thursday, showed that several
commissioners and additional commissioners of FBR's Inland Revenue department at
the Large Taxpayers Unit (LTU) and Regional Tax Office (RTO) - unanimously
rejected the government claim that the tax would not be inflationary.

"Five sectors, which are currently zero-rated, would be taxed on local
consumption under the proposed bill," a senior official at the LTU Karachi said
on the condition of anonymity.

Under the current Sales Tax Act, 1990, the exports and local consumption of
textiles, leather, surgical goods, carpets and sports are zero-rated.

Under the proposed GST Bill, 2010, the zero-rating facility would continue, but
local consumption would be taxed on the entire supply chain.

"The textile products alone will become 25 to 30 percent costlier due to RGST,"
the officer said.

If conservative estimates are something to go by, 63 percent population of
Pakistan is poor, 32 percent is moderate while only five percent fall in the
category of rich people.

"This means the poor segment would be directly affected due to price rise," the
officer said.

Another official at the RTO Karachi said that the ruling party has failed to
live up to its slogan of providing food, clothing and shelter to the common man.

"Food and shelter are already quite expensive, now the government is up to
deprive the people of affordable clothing," one of the officials said.

The exemptions provided under draft GST Bill, 2010 did not cover all the items
of basic needs, he said.

"The drug prices, for instance, will increase because the bill has not provided
exemption on all medicines," an official at the LTU Karachi said.

According to the draft bill, he said, only those life-saving drugs would be
exempted from tax on imports and supplies, which are specified by the revenue
body.

Similarly, though the bill proposed exemption to wheat and wheat flour from
general sales tax, but several by-products would be subject to sales tax.

The tax officials said that the reformed general sales tax is an indirect tax
and it is based on consumption. "This kind of tax would hit masses," an official
said.

In the past, the revenue body had repeatedly advised the government to bring
agriculture income into the tax net, which is exempted under the Constitution.

Due to political appointment in the FBR, the revenue body now surrendered the
demand of agriculture income tax, the official said.

In a quarterly report released in early 2007, the revenue body had said that due
to exemption to the agriculture sector major loophole has been created in the
taxation system.

"One really wonders how to justify tax exemption to income earned by sprawling
orchard-owners and those who are engaged in lucrative horticulture business,"
the FBR said.

The FBR said that the contribution of agriculture sector in the GDP is slightly
over 21 percent and its contribution to taxes is only 1.1 percent.

"This has been due to wide-ranging tax exemptions granted to this sector, narrow
tax base, low compliance and enforcement and constitutional constraints,
whereby, taxation of agriculture income is a provincial subject," it added.

Anecdotal evidence suggests that keeping agriculture sector outside the tax net
has provided ample opportunities for tax avoiders and evaders to declare their
earnings as agriculture income.

Some officials highlighted internal flaws of the revenue body, causing a serious
blow to the industry as refunds system has been computerised. The reformed
general sales tax is based on input/output tax on supplies and refunds would be
given in accesses to value addition.

The officials said that despite FBR efforts to computerise the refund system it
would not be able to cater to the rising claims in the post-RGST regime.

Some other officials pointed out at enforcement challenges, saying that the
declaration under the reformed general sales tax would be on self-assessment and
the revenue body has no such capacity to determine the actual declaration.

An official said that sometime back the RTO Karachi had deputed sales tax
officials at restaurants and hotels to detect the actual sales tax collection by
the hotel industry.

"The exercise has been stopped after tax officials were found in corrupt
practices," the official added Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

A grim farm forecast: Federal agency predicts net losses of $203 million in
Saskatchewan

BYLINE: Angela Hall, The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 630  words


Abnormally low prices for crops, a strong Canadian dollar and skyrocketing costs
are adding up to massive losses on Saskatchewan farms, according to a new income
forecast.

Realized net farm income in Saskatchewan is again forecast to be in the negative
at minus $203 million this year, worse than the estimated minus $77 million for
2005.

Manitoba, which is still coping with last year's flooding, is expected to hit
minus $195 million in 2006, with Alberta in the black at about $250 million,
according to the income report released this week by Agriculture Canada.

Nationally, realized net farm income is forecast to be $875 million in 2006, a
big decline from the $1.9 billion in 2005. Government program payments are still
projected to top $4.1 billion -- the fourth-highest amount on record.

"We need something to stop the bleeding for spring," said Neal Hardy, president
of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities.

"We know that there was a big crop but a lot of it is tough and damp and poor
quality, and a lot of it they can't sell. There's just no market for it right
now."

Canada-wide, crop receipts are expected to increase by three per cent in 2006
due to an increase in the amount of grain and oilseeds being marketed from the
large 2005 harvest.

But "burdensome" stocks of grains, combined with the continued strengthening
Canadian dollar, will impact prices for most crops, the report said.

"Wheat, barley and corn are expected to exhibit small improvements in price in
2006, but remain stubbornly low as crop prices in 2005 were extremely low," it
said.

Livestock receipts are expected to increase two per cent in 2006, driven by
continued improvement in the cattle industry now that younger live cattle can go
to the U.S. and some beef trade with Japan has resumed.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman, who joined his provincial
counterparts Tuesday in a conference call with new federal Agriculture Minister
Chuck Strahl, said the $755 million in previously announced emergency aid that
Tories are fast-tracking to grain and oilseed farmers is welcome. The
Conservatives also promised during the recent federal campaign another $500
million for farm programs.

But Wartman said it will be "very, very hard to compensate" for the kinds of
losses that Saskatchewan producers are expected to suffer due to low world
prices for crops and burgeoning costs.

"As with the provincial pool, the federal pool of dollars is always limited but
we'll be trying to clearly make the point (with Strahl) that we need some
significant funding to help strengthen our industry here in the province,"
Wartman said.

The new Conservative government also needs to act swiftly on its promise to
replace the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, a farm safety
net that's been a "bureaucratic nightmare," said Bob Bjornerud, Saskatchewan
Party agriculture critic.

"(Government) can't solve all the problems in agriculture but they can help
bring stability through to the programs that they do have, and that hasn't
happened to this point," Bjornerud said.

In the meantime, farmers are looking at how they can seed a crop and lose the
least amount of money possible, said Ken McBride, president of the Agricultural
Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

"What we see spiking is input prices and what we see not rallying are receipts
(for crops)," said McBride.

McBride said that while immediate cash flow is a major concern, long-term plans
such as a renewable fuels standard to pump up production of ethanol and
biodiesel -- which use commodities such as wheat and canola -- also need to
proceed.

The farm income forecast, done by Agriculture Canada in consensus with
provincial governments and Statistics Canada, is based on information available
up to the end of December.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 28, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Raising the kids

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 53 words


Middle-income couples who had babies in 1992 will spend an average of $ 128,670
by the time the baby is 18. Average costs per year:
ages     0-5         $ 6,810
6-11         $ 6,865
12-14      $ 7,540
15-17         $ 8,000

(Figures do not include college expenses)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Nick Galifianakis, USA TODAY, Source: Family Economics
Research Group of the U.S. Dept. of Agriculture (Bar graph)

TYPE: Snapshot

A look at statistics that shape our lives

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 1224  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the National Agricultural
Statistics Service (NASS)

Action

Notice and request for comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) to request
revision and extension of a currently approved information collection, the
Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys. A revision to
burden hours will be needed due to changes in the size of the target population,
sampling design, and/or questionnaire length.
Dates

Comments on this notice must be received by April 13, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.
Addresses

You may submit comments, identified by docket number 0535-0218, by any of the
following methods:

Email: ombofficer@nass.usda.gov Include docket number above in the subject line
of the message.
    eFax: (855) 838-6382.
    Mail: Mail any paper, disk, or CD-ROM submissions to: David Hancock, NASS
Clearance Officer, U.S.Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Hand deliver to: David Hancock, NASS Clearance
Officer, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.

For Further Information Contact

R. Renee Picanso, Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, (202) 720-4333. Copies of this
information collection and related instructions can be obtained without charge
from David Hancock, NASS--OMB Clearance Officer, at (202) 690-2388 or at
ombofficer@nass.usda.gov
Supplementary Information

Title: Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys.

OMB Control Number: 0535-0218.

Expiration Date of Current Approval: October 31, 2015.

Type of Request: Intent to revise and extend a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The Agricultural Resource Management Survey(s) (ARMS) are the primary
source of information for the U.S. Department of Agriculture on a broad range of
issues related to: production practices, costs and returns, pest management,
chemical usage, and contractor expenses. Data is collected on both a whole farm
level and on selected commodities.

ARMS is the only source of information available for objective evaluation of
many critical issues related to agriculture and the rural economy, such as:
whole farm finance data, including data sufficient to construct estimates of
income for farms by: type of operation, loan commodities, income for operator
households, credit, structure, and organization; marketing information; and
other economic data on input usage, production practices, and crop substitution
possibilities.

Data from ARMS are used to produce estimates of net farm income by type of
commercial producer as required in 7 U.S.C. 7998 as amended and estimates of
enterprise production costs as required in 7 U.S.C. 1441(a) as amended. Data
from ARMS are also used as weights in the development of the Prices Paid Index,
a component of the Parity Index referred to in the Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1938, as amended. These indexes are used to calculate the annual federal
grazing fee rates as described in the Public Rangelands Improvement Act of 1978
and Executive Order 12548 and as promulgated in regulations found at 36 CFR
222.51, as amended.

In addition, ARMS is used to produce estimates of sector-wide production
expenditures and other components of income that are used in constructing the
estimates of income and value-added which are transmitted to the U.S. Department
of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, by the USDA Economic Research Service
(ERS) for use in constructing economy-wide estimates of Gross Domestic Product.
This transmittal of data, prepared using the ARMS, is undertaken to satisfy a
1956 agreement between the Office of Management and Budget and the Departments
of Agriculture and Commerce that a single set of estimates be published on farm
income.

Chemical Use Surveys: Congress has mandated that NASS and ERS build nationally
coordinated databases on agricultural chemical use and related farm practices;
these databases are the primary vehicles used to produce specified environmental
and economic estimates. The surveys will help provide the knowledge and
technical means for producers and researchers to address on-farm environmental
concerns in a manner that maintains agricultural productivity.

In this approval request, there are three significant program changes. First,
the Fruit Chemical Use Survey will be reinstated in rotation with the Vegetable
Chemical Use Survey. These two surveys will be conducted in alternating years.
Second, starting in October 2015, data on Microbial Food Safety Practices used
by farmers will be collected on both the Vegetable and Fruit Chemical Use
Surveys. Finally, a new annual survey will be added to collect data on the
Microbial Food Safety Practices--Packer Survey.
Authority

These data will be collected under the authority of 7 U.S.C. 2204(a).
Individually identifiable data collected under this authority are governed by
section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985, 7 U.S.C. 2276, which requires
USDA to afford strict confidentiality to non-aggregated data provided by
respondents. This Notice is submitted in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995 (at 44 U.S.C. 3501, et seq.) and Office of Management and Budget
regulations at 5 CFR part 1320.

NASS also complies with OMB Implementation Guidance, "Implementation Guidance
for Title V of the E-Government Act, Confidential Information Protection and
Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (CIPSEA)."Federal Register, Vol. 72, No. 115,
June 15, 2007, p. 33362.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average approximately 45 minutes per survey.

Respondents: Farmers, ranchers, farm managers, farm contractors, and farm
households.

Estimated Number of Respondents: Approximately 90,000 respondents will be
sampled each year. Over half of these respondents will be contacted more than
one time in a single year.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: Approximately 85,000 hours per
year.

Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, technological or other forms of information technology
collection methods.

All responses to this notice will become a matter of public record and be
summarized in the request for OMB approval.
Signed at Washington, DC, January 30, 2015.
R. Renee Picanso,
Associate Administrator.
[FR Doc. 2015-02943 Filed 2-11-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-20-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              May 27, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Farming income tumbles in B.C.

BYLINE: Brian Morton, Canwest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER -- Farm incomes for B.C. farmers dropped sharply last year, bucking a
trend in much of the nation which has seen rapid increases in the prices of
their goods.

The main reason for the decline was the impact of higher operating costs.

"All across the board, expenses were up quite a bit," Gail-Ann Breese of
Statistics Canada's agriculture division said in an interview following the
release of a StatsCan survey yesterday on farm income. "The big ones [were]
fuel, fertilizer and feed."

However, she said B.C. farmers fared worse than many parts of the country
because the province isn't a big producer of the types of products -- grains and
oilseeds, for example -- that have seen prices rise dramatically enough to
offset the rising expenses.

The StatsCan survey said that B.C. farmers lost a total of $117 million in
realized net income in 2007, compared to a loss of $42 million in 2006.

However, for Canadian farmers as a whole, net income -- the difference between a
farmer's cash receipts and operating expenses, minus depreciation, plus income
in kind -- was $1.675 billion in 2007, up from $771 million in 2006.

According to the survey, most of the gains were in Quebec and the prairie
provinces, with Ontario farmers showing a more modest gain and B.C. and the
Maritimes showing losses.

Breese said prairie farmers performed better than B.C.'s because the impact of
rising grain and oilseed prices offset high operating costs.

She said Quebec also did better because of rising prices for dairy and poultry,
a Quebec staple.

However, in B.C., she said, farm cash receipts for the horticulture sector --
which accounts for about 40 per cent of B.C.'s total agriculture industry --
didn't rise as much.

"B.C.'s agriculture is only about one per cent grain and oilseed products," she
said. "Horticulture [fruit and vegetables] is a much larger sector. Farm cash
receipts increased in 2007 but only by 3.8 per cent, while expenses increased by
7.5 per cent."

Breese said other contributing factors to the poor B.C. numbers were bad weather
and a tight labour market.

She said the cattle and calf sectors were also down across the country,
including B.C.

Steve Thomson, executive-director of the B.C. Agriculture Council, said in an
interview that the StatsCan survey results were no surprise to him.

"Generally, that reflects what we're hearing from the industry, that there are
some real challenges ... as a result of rising fuel and feed costs."

Thomson also said the higher exchange rate has hurt farmers.

Provincial Agriculture Minister Pat Bell said yesterday that the government has
known for some time that the sector was going to be hit by lower profits,
although he also said that food profits have been rising in the first quarter of
2008.

"We've seen this coming for awhile. We knew we weren't going to be commodities
dealers for international consumers," he said.

"We're in a unique position to take advantage of the local market." Bell said an
agricultural plan was introduced in February, which is based on the 100 Mile
Diet and aims to focus more on the local market with high-end and niche
products.

The plan, which is being developed with the B.C. Agricultural Council, would see
a focus on local marketing initiatives such as branding B.C. products.

"We think there's a great opportunity to stay focused and feed B.C. consumers,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2016 Monday

Washington: Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income Forecast
for 2016

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2016, released by USDA's Economic
Research Service.





 "Today's forecast continues to show that the health of the overall farm economy
is strong in the face of challenging markets. After reaching record highs in
2012-2014, net farm income declined in 2015 and is forecast to decline in 2016,
but the bigger picture shows that farm income over the last five-year period
reflects the highest average five-year period on record. The comprehensive farm
safety net provided by the 2014 Farm Bill will continue to help America's
farmers and ranchers respond to market conditions and provide financial
stability for producers. Farm Bill program payments are forecast to increase
over 19 percent to $12.9 billion in 2016, primarily through Agriculture Risk
Coverage (ARC) and Price Loss Coverage (PLC) payments.



 "As we saw in the August forecast, the estimates again show that debt to asset
and debt to equity ratios -- two key indicators of the farm economy's health --
continue to be near all-time lows, and more than 90% of farm businesses are not
highly leveraged. Median household income for farming families remains near
historic highs and is expected to remain stable relative to 2015. In 2016,
higher off-farm earnings are expected to help stabilize losses due to low
commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments to help rural America
thrive, including farming and non-farming families alike. At the beginning of
the Obama Administration, rural areas were reeling from the Great Recession.
Rural counties were losing 200,000 jobs per year, rural unemployment reached
nearly 10 percent, and poverty rates reached heights unseen in decades. Over the
past eight years, USDA has invested in building a more robust system of
production agriculture, expanding foreign markets for U.S. farm goods,
bolstering local and regional food systems across the country, and creating a
new biobased economy in rural communities that today supports more than 4.2
million American jobs. Rural counties added over 250,000 jobs in both 2014 and
2015, and the rural unemployment rate has dropped below 6 percent for the first
time since 2007. Rural populations have stabilized and are beginning to grow.
Median household income in rural areas increased by 3.4 percent in 2015, poverty
rates have fallen, and child food insecurity is at an all-time low.



 "The future of rural America looks much brighter today, but we must continue to
focus on the targeted investments to help the rural economy retool itself for
the 21st century."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                               May 4, 2007 Friday

SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN PRODUCTIVITY OF AGRICULTURE SECTOR, SAYS PM

LENGTH: 374 words


ISLAMABAD, April 27: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has directed Ministry of Food
and Agriculture to ensure that farmers get wheat price of Rs.425 per bag as
fixed by the government and the process of procurement is streamlined.

The Prime Minister was talking to Federal Minister for Food and Agriculture
Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan, Minister of State for Agriculture Mr. Muhammad Ali
Malkani and MNA M. P. Bhandara who called on him here on Friday.

The Prime Minister said there is significant increase in the productivity of the
agriculture sector and this year record Rabi crops are expected which will have
a positive impact on our growth targets in addition to augmenting the income of
farmers.

The government, the Prime Minister said, will ensure that the farmers get fair
return of their produce.

The Prime Minister said about 62 percent of our population is directly and
indirectly linked with agriculture and the government is focusing on increasing
yield, modern farming systems and value addition to augment farmers' income.

The Prime Minister said that the subsidy provided by the government on DAP,
phosphoric and potassic fertilizers promoted balanced use of fertilizers and
helped increase the agricultural output.

The Prime Minister said the government is also promoting use of modern
techniques and application of latest research in the dairy and livestock sector
to enable the farmers run their farms on modern lines.

The Prime Minister said poverty has declined in the rural areas from 39.3
percent in 2001 to 28.1 percent in 2005. The increase in the sale of consumer
items testified by the companies producing such goods is a testimony of better
purchasing power and improved living standards there.

The Prime Minister said the record crops this year would bring further
improvement in the rural areas. He said that continued increase in agricultural
productivity will increase the farm income and hence reduce the poverty level
even further.

Minister for Food & Agriculture informed the Prime Minister that his Ministry
has made arrangements to ensure procurement of wheat in an efficient manner.

He said PASSCO and provincial food departments have been started purchase of
wheat and bags are available at the procurement centers.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy; Pricing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2007 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Cornish Guardian

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

No profit for a fifth of mixed farms, says report

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 54

LENGTH: 517  words


MORE than one fifth of livestock and mixed farms - the mainstay of agriculture
in the South West - failed to make a profit during the last year for which
figures are available.

And while the statistics, for 2013-14, show a rise in dairy farm incomes, up by
more than two-thirds to close on £90,000-a-year on average, one in five dairy
farms were still scraping by on an income of less than £25,000 a year - and that
was before the recent fall in the farmgate milk price. Cereal farms are
similarly struggling with 20 per cent also failing to record any sort of profit
in 2013-14.

In 2012-13 that figure was just 9 per cent, demonstrating that, for many in
farming, it is getting more difficult to make a living.

The statistics also show how significant is the part played by grant support on
farm incomes.

The Defra (Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs) report says: "In
2013-14 the Single Farm Payment continued to account for a substantial
proportion of   average farm business income for all types apart from
horticulture, specialist pig and specialist poultry farms.

"Across all farm types the average single farm payment was £25,000, which is
little changed from the previous year."

The report concludes that, on average, cereals, mixed farms and grazing
livestock farms - both lowland and upland - failed to make a profit from farming
alone.

The findings demonstrate the importance of diversification in farm businesses
and the contribution made by   family members working off the farm.

Agri-environment schemes - about to become the subject of significant change as
alterations to the Common Agriculture Policy's greening rules take effect - also
make a sizeable contribution to many grazing livestock farms, an important part
of the West Country agricultural scene.

On average, they contribute just over £11,000 per farm.

The National Farmers'   Union (NFU) has warned that the figures underline the
"volatility challenges" across farming sectors.

It says the snapshot also fails to take account of the dramatic falls in the
fortunes of dairy farming in recent months, with milk prices at the farmgate
falling by between 20 per cent and   30 per cent.

The deputy president of the NFU, West Country beef farmer Minette Batters said
that, since the figures were produced, things have worsened for many in farming.

"Wheat prices have fallen by 30 per cent since this time last year, global dairy
commodities  are down 45 per cent since their peak in February and UK beef
prices fell to three-year lows earlier this summer.

"It's essential that we have a long-term approach in our farm businesses given
the long production cycles involved, and we need to see a similar injection of
longer term thinking from our partners in the supply chain.

"While the EU's Common Agricultural Policy helps farming businesses manage
volatility, we need to recognise this is changing and levels of support
diminishing. This means the Government has a greater role to play.

"The long-term prospects for agri-food are positive but we can't plan for
tomorrow if we can't survive today's challenging conditions."

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOVERNMENT FIGURES: Around one-fifth of mixed and livestock farms
failed to make a profit in the last year for which figures are available, says a
report by Defra. Cereal farms also struggled to succeed, the numbers reveal. And
the NFU has warned that things have got even worse in the past few months,
especially for dairy farms where the price for milk has crashed.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

Provinces can impose, collect agriculture tax: FBR

BYLINE:  N H ZUBERI

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 298

LENGTH: 466  words


Chairman, Federal Board of Revenue (FBR), Salman Siddique has said that
provincial governments could impose and collect agriculture tax, as taxing
agriculture income fall under provinces' preview after the 18th constitutional
amendment.

Responding to a demand for taxing agriculture income at two taxpayers
interactive seminars held separately at Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(KCCI) and Korangi Association of Trade and Industry (KATI), Siddique said that
as per 18th constitutional amendment several sectors had been devolved to the
provinces and now the provincial governments could impose and collect taxes from
these sectors.

He said that the federal government could imposed taxes only in those sectors,
which come under it preview.

Imposing tax on agriculture income comes under provinces' jurisdiction, he
added.

He said that the main issue was broadening of the tax base not as to who would
collect the tax.

Broadening of tax base should start from provinces, he added.

He urged business community to use their influence to persuade provincial
governments to increase their revenue generations.

He said that where there was a taxable income there should be a tax and there
should be no exemption.

He dismissed the impression that the board had unilaterally started asking for
telephone bills, gas bills, CNICs and NADRA data, saying that the chambers had
proposed many times to take these measures to explore and broaden tax net.

He said that there were huge numbers of people having more than one bank
accounts, luxurious houses and cars and frequently travelled abroad but were
contributing nothing to the national exchequer in the form of tax.

He said that on the basis of above mentioned information about 2.3 million new
taxpayers had been detected and notices served on 1,20,000 potential taxpayers.

Regarding the issue of CNIC for sale of goods to non-registered persons and
declaration of personal expenditures, he invited business community for a
meeting on Friday at FPCCI to sort out the issue.

Referring to the flood surcharge, he said it was imposed on humanitarian grounds
to help the flood effected people.

The FBR chief dispelled the impression that IMF had pressurised the board to
implement the value-added tax (VAT) and added that the government itself
suggested VAT.

Salman Siddique further said that General Sales Tax (GST) scheme was imposed in
a very effective manner but it was distorted with the passage of time through
various amendments.

He said at present Pakistan was out of IMF programme, saying that the IMF was
going to review Pakistan economy soon.

Salman Siddique advised business community to submit their budget proposals for
the year 2012-13 on or before March 2012 as budget would be presented in the
National Assembly in May 2012 insisted of June this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farmers post record earnings for 2011

BYLINE: Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 223  words


Canadian farmers recorded record high net income in 2011, but their earnings are
likely to slip modestly in 2012, Canada's agriculture department says. In 2011,
strong crop and livestock prices, combined with higher government payouts for
flooding in Western Canada more than offset higher operating expenses,
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada said in a report.

Net cash income reached $11.7 billion in 2011. Prices of grains and oilseeds
rose in 2011 because of low worldwide stocks, partly due to a poor 2010 harvest
in eastern Europe, the government department said. 2012 will also be a strong
year for farmers as income from market sources rises faster than expenses,
Agriculture Canada said. While grain prices are projected to ease, receipts
should climb slightly as farmers look to plant more acres.

Overall income is forecast to slip in 2012 - by four per cent to $11.2 billion -
as the department does not assume catastrophic weather will trigger large
government payouts. A dry winter in Western Canada suggested farmers may have
little difficulty planting fields, but a lack of moisture may cause crops to
struggle. Agriculture Canada also expects grain and oilseed prices to remain
high for the next decade as a result of strong global demand, declining growth
in crop yields, high energy prices and a relatively weak U.S. dollar.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Pakistan: Sindh: Draft agriculture income tax law ready

LENGTH: 995  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 25 -- A draft law to bring reforms in existing agriculture income
tax collection and related laws has suggested seven tax slabs for the assessment
of farm income between Rs400,000 and Rs6 million or above as well as a fixed tax
on holding minimum 16 acres of cultivated land, it emerged on Tuesday.

The draft Sindh Agricul-tural Income Tax Bill, 2014 - likely to be tabled in the
Sindh Assembly in its upcom-ing session - was prepared by a committee head-ed by
its convener Abdul Majeed Nizamani, the president of the Sindh Abad-gar Board,
with representatives of the Sindh cham-ber of agriculture and other tax and
agriculture economy experts as its members.

The provincial government tasked the committee to deliberate on the issue and
recommend reforms needed in the existing system and laws governing the levying
of agricultural income tax on farmers and propose a draft of reforms.

In the first schedule of the draft bill, the tax tariff suggested Rs200 per acre
per annum on irrigated land and Rs100 per acre on unirrigated land, while on
matured orchard banana and betel leaf Rs700 per acre on irrigated land and Rs350
per acre on unirrigated land.

The minimum income tax should be applicable to cultivated land of more than 16
acres. This exemption shall not apply to matured orch-ard, banana and betel
leaf. No minimum income tax shall be levied in Thar desert and Kohistan areas
and if the owner of the land pays Usher as per the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance,
1980 that shall be the total tax payable under this schedule.

In the second schedule there are seven categories which reads: where the net
taxable income does not exceed Rs 400,000, tax zero per cent; where the net
taxable income exceeds Rs 400,000, but does not exceed Rs750,000, 5pc of the
income above Rs400,000; where the net taxable income exceed Rs750,000 but does
not exceed Rs1.5 million, Rs17,500 plus 10pc of the income above Rs750,000;
where the net taxable income exceeds Rs1.5m but does not exceeds Rs2.5m, Rs
92,500 plus 15pc of the income above Rs1.5m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs2.5m but does not exceed Rs4m, Rs242,500 plus 20pc of the income above
Rs2.5m; where the net taxable income exceeds Rs4m but does not exceed Rs6m,
Rs542,500 plus 25pc of the income above Rs4m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs6m, Rs1.042m plus 30pc of the income above Rs6m.

Paltry tax revenue from farm income

According to the draft bill, no civil court shall have jurisdiction in any
manner relating to the assessment or collection of the agri-income tax or
minimum income tax and no order passed or proceedings taken by an authority
under this act shall be called in question in any civil court.

However, for the purpose of appeal, review or revision, an order passed under
this act shall deem to be an order of a revenue officer within the meaning of
the Sindh Land Revenue Act, 1967.

Every person... has during the said income year, cultivated land measuring 50
acres or more of irrigated land or 100 acres or more of non-irrigated land or
irrigated and non-irrigated land the aggregate area of which is equal to or more
than 50 acres of irrigated land shall file a return of his total agricultural
income or the agricultural income of such other persons, as the case may be, for
the said income year in such form and by such date as may be prescribed.
However, no assessment on the basis of the return shall be made by the collector
after the expiration of two years from the end of the assessment years in which
the total agricultural income was first assessable.

Adjustment of taxes: in case a person whose only income is from agriculture, the
withholding tax/advance tax on motor vehicles, advance tax on private motor
vehicles, cash withdrawal from bank, electricity consumption and telephone
users, advance tax on purchase of air ticket, advance tax on sale or transfer of
immovable property, advance tax on functions and gatherings and collection of
advance tax by educational institutions shall be termed as tax collected in
advance from the agricultural income of the person and shall be adjusted
accordingly.

Losses: where a person sustains a loss for any tax year, the person shall be
entitled to have the amount of the loss set off against the person's income, if
any, chargeable to tax for the ensuing year.

Penalty clauses: wherein the course of any proceedings under this act, the
collector or the appellate or revision authority is satisfied that any owner has
either in the said proceedings or in an earlier proceedings relating to an
assessment in respect of any agriculture income tax year, concealed the
particulars of cultivated land or furnished inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land, he or it may impose upon such owner a penalty equal to the
amount of minimum income tax which the said owner sought to evade by concealment
of his cultivated land or furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land as aforesaid.

Similarly if the authority is satisfied that any person has either in the said
proceedings or in any earlier proceedings relating to an assessment in respect
of agriculture income year concealed his agricultural income or furnished
inaccurate particulars of such income he or it may impose upon such person a
penalty equal to the amount of tax which the said person sought to evade by
concealment of his agricultural income or furnished of inaccurate particulars of
such income as aforesaid.

No penalty shall be imposed on any person by a collector or the appellate or
revision authority unless such person has been given a reasonable opportunity of
being heard. The government may exempt any land or class of owner wholly or
partially from payment of minimum income tax in a manner and to the extent as
prescribed by the rules

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

Pakistan: Sindh: Draft agriculture income tax law ready

LENGTH: 995  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, July 24 -- A draft law to bring reforms in existing agriculture income
tax collection and related laws has suggested seven tax slabs for the assessment
of farm income between Rs400,000 and Rs6 million or above as well as a fixed tax
on holding minimum 16 acres of cultivated land, it emerged on Tuesday.

The draft Sindh Agricul-tural Income Tax Bill, 2014 - likely to be tabled in the
Sindh Assembly in its upcom-ing session - was prepared by a committee head-ed by
its convener Abdul Majeed Nizamani, the president of the Sindh Abad-gar Board,
with representatives of the Sindh cham-ber of agriculture and other tax and
agriculture economy experts as its members.

The provincial government tasked the committee to deliberate on the issue and
recommend reforms needed in the existing system and laws governing the levying
of agricultural income tax on farmers and propose a draft of reforms.

In the first schedule of the draft bill, the tax tariff suggested Rs200 per acre
per annum on irrigated land and Rs100 per acre on unirrigated land, while on
matured orchard banana and betel leaf Rs700 per acre on irrigated land and Rs350
per acre on unirrigated land.

The minimum income tax should be applicable to cultivated land of more than 16
acres. This exemption shall not apply to matured orch-ard, banana and betel
leaf. No minimum income tax shall be levied in Thar desert and Kohistan areas
and if the owner of the land pays Usher as per the Zakat and Ushr Ordinance,
1980 that shall be the total tax payable under this schedule.

In the second schedule there are seven categories which reads: where the net
taxable income does not exceed Rs 400,000, tax zero per cent; where the net
taxable income exceeds Rs 400,000, but does not exceed Rs750,000, 5pc of the
income above Rs400,000; where the net taxable income exceed Rs750,000 but does
not exceed Rs1.5 million, Rs17,500 plus 10pc of the income above Rs750,000;
where the net taxable income exceeds Rs1.5m but does not exceeds Rs2.5m, Rs
92,500 plus 15pc of the income above Rs1.5m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs2.5m but does not exceed Rs4m, Rs242,500 plus 20pc of the income above
Rs2.5m; where the net taxable income exceeds Rs4m but does not exceed Rs6m,
Rs542,500 plus 25pc of the income above Rs4m; where the net taxable income
exceeds Rs6m, Rs1.042m plus 30pc of the income above Rs6m.

Paltry tax revenue from farm income

According to the draft bill, no civil court shall have jurisdiction in any
manner relating to the assessment or collection of the agri-income tax or
minimum income tax and no order passed or proceedings taken by an authority
under this act shall be called in question in any civil court.

However, for the purpose of appeal, review or revision, an order passed under
this act shall deem to be an order of a revenue officer within the meaning of
the Sindh Land Revenue Act, 1967.

Every person... has during the said income year, cultivated land measuring 50
acres or more of irrigated land or 100 acres or more of non-irrigated land or
irrigated and non-irrigated land the aggregate area of which is equal to or more
than 50 acres of irrigated land shall file a return of his total agricultural
income or the agricultural income of such other persons, as the case may be, for
the said income year in such form and by such date as may be prescribed.
However, no assessment on the basis of the return shall be made by the collector
after the expiration of two years from the end of the assessment years in which
the total agricultural income was first assessable.

Adjustment of taxes: in case a person whose only income is from agriculture, the
withholding tax/advance tax on motor vehicles, advance tax on private motor
vehicles, cash withdrawal from bank, electricity consumption and telephone
users, advance tax on purchase of air ticket, advance tax on sale or transfer of
immovable property, advance tax on functions and gatherings and collection of
advance tax by educational institutions shall be termed as tax collected in
advance from the agricultural income of the person and shall be adjusted
accordingly.

Losses: where a person sustains a loss for any tax year, the person shall be
entitled to have the amount of the loss set off against the person's income, if
any, chargeable to tax for the ensuing year.

Penalty clauses: wherein the course of any proceedings under this act, the
collector or the appellate or revision authority is satisfied that any owner has
either in the said proceedings or in an earlier proceedings relating to an
assessment in respect of any agriculture income tax year, concealed the
particulars of cultivated land or furnished inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land, he or it may impose upon such owner a penalty equal to the
amount of minimum income tax which the said owner sought to evade by concealment
of his cultivated land or furnishing of inaccurate particulars of such
cultivated land as aforesaid.

Similarly if the authority is satisfied that any person has either in the said
proceedings or in any earlier proceedings relating to an assessment in respect
of agriculture income year concealed his agricultural income or furnished
inaccurate particulars of such income he or it may impose upon such person a
penalty equal to the amount of tax which the said person sought to evade by
concealment of his agricultural income or furnished of inaccurate particulars of
such income as aforesaid.

No penalty shall be imposed on any person by a collector or the appellate or
revision authority unless such person has been given a reasonable opportunity of
being heard. The government may exempt any land or class of owner wholly or
partially from payment of minimum income tax in a manner and to the extent as
prescribed by the rules

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday

Farmers, scientists to join hands for new concepts like Peri-urban agriculture

BYLINE: ens

LENGTH: 178  words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Faced with new challenges in the agricultural sector, the Haryana Government has
initiated a process to prepare farmers to adopt new concepts like Peri-urban
agriculture, climate-smart agriculture and give impetus to adoption of organic
farming and micro-irrigation, besides marketing and branding of agricultural
products.

The Peri-urban agriculture concept has been planned on the lines of China, which
has developed an agricultural zone around Beijing to provide fresh fruits and
vegetables, to enhance income of Haryana farmers living in the nearby areas of
National Capital Region(NCR).

Because of sinking land holdings and lack of training for innovative methods to
enhance income, the Haryana farmers are facing a major financial crisis.

The Haryana Agriculture and Farmers' Welfare Minister, Om Prakash Dhankar, said
Saturday that the 2nd Agri-leadership Summit being organised at Surajkund from
March 18 to 20 would provide an apt platform to focus on issues like doubling of
farmer's income, soil health, A2 Milk production dairying, aquaculture and
agro-industries.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            November 8, 2004 Monday

Liberals criticize province's slow administration of federal farm aid

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 407  words


Farmers, waiting for help from Ottawa, are waiting too long and Agriculture
critic Ron MacKinley is pointing the finger at the provincial government.

As of Oct. 24, 895 Island farmers have filed applications for support under the
Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program or CAIS. However, only 127
have received any financial assistance.

MacKinley said Agriculture Minister Kevin MacAdam must accept full
responsibility for the delays.

"I know the departmental staff are working very hard at their jobs, but the
minister needs to devote more resources to administration so that farmers can
get access to CAIS funding," said MacKinley.

"Farmers have obligations to meet."

He said MacAdam has an obligation to ensure that this program is more
effectively administered and that farmers get the assistance they need.

"The federal government gave the province $510,000 to cover administrative
costs. If farmers ran their farms the way this minister runs his department,
they would be out of business within a year."

The federal program helps farmers protect their operations from both small and
large drops in income and is available to eligible farmers regardless of the
commodities they produce.

P.E.I. is one of four provinces that has chosen to deliver the federal program
locally and receives federal funding to help offset administration costs.

MacAdam was meeting with federal Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell Thursday and
the CAIS program was expected to be on the agenda.

But the provincial Agriculture minister could not be reached for comment
following those meetings.

Wayne MacKinnon, a spokesman for the Department of Agriculture, said the
province has increased the number of staff working on CAIS program from two to
14. He said that should reduce the waiting times but he said the province was
flooded with more applications than ever before, with all of P.E.I.'s farming
sectors including beef, hogs and potatoes facing tough times.

"We recognize it is a long process and nobody is really happy about that," said
MacKinnon.

"We all recognize that farmers need the money."

MacKinnon said he can't say when all 895 applications are completed.

He said part of the problem is that it's a new program and is based on a
five-year income average.

Coming up with that five- year income average is taking a considerable amount of
time, he added.

Next year, he said the program should run much more smoothly.

"We are making progress but it's slow."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday

Wayanad to host national farm fete

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 5 -- The State Agriculture Department will organise an all-India
agriculture festival at Mananthavadi from December 18 to December 24.

A meeting chaired by Youth Affairs Minister P.K. Jayalakshmi at Mananthavadi on
Saturday, to discuss the programme, constituted a 251-member organising
committee for the festival. Agriculture Minister K.P. Mohanan is the patron and
Ms. Jayalakshmi is the chairman of the committee.

The distinct is hosting a national farm festival for the first time. The
seven-day festival envisages equipping the farming community in the district
with hi-tech farming techniques.

Income for farmers

It also aims at ensuring sustainable income to the community from agriculture
and allied sectors as well as an increase in agriculture production. Other
events include seminars, exhibition, and sale of modern agriculture implements.

The festival will be organised in collaboration with various departments
including Industry, Tourism, Forest, Fisheries, Dairy Development, Animal
Husbandry, Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Welfare, as well as Coffee Board,
Spices Board, Milma, Tea Board and farmers organisations.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 1, 1990, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Increase 2.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 31


Prices that farmers get for raw products rose 2.7 percent from December to
January, leaving the monthly average 2.7 percent above the level a year ago, the
Agriculture Department said today.

Higher prices for tomatoes, lettuce and broilers were mostly responsible for the
increase from December, the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said in
its preliminary report.

''Tomato prices more than doubled due to short supplies brought on by the freeze
in Florida in December,'' the report said. ''Lettuce prices were nearly double
for the same reason.''

Commercial vegetables as a group were up 68 percent from December and 32 percent
from a year ago.

Some Declines Posted

Lower prices were reported for soybeans, strawberries and oranges.

Milk prices at the farm, which had risen to record levels late last year, were
unchanged in January. Economists at the department have forecast that milk
prices would level off this year.

Prices paid by farmers to meet expenses were up 1.1 percent from October, the
previous reading, and averaged 2.9 percent above a year ago, the report said.
The ''prices paid'' index is revised every three months.

The report said prices farmers paid for feeder cattle and calves, feeder pigs,
diesel fuel and liquid propane gas were up from October.

Department economists say the net cash income of farmers in 1990 may be in the
range of $52 billion to $57 billion, compared with about $53 billion in 1989.

Income and Expenses

Net cash income is the money that farmers nationally have left from gross cash
income during a calendar year after deducting cash expenses. It includes
Government payments and proceeds from crops grown previously but sold during the
year.

Another method, taking into account changes in inventories, depreciation and
other allowances during a calendar year, shows that 1990 net farm income may be
in the range of $44 billion to $49 billion, compared with $48 billion last year.

Consumer food prices are estimated by department economists to have risen about
5.7 percent last year, the sharpest rise since 1981. They project that food
prices will rise 3 to 5 percent in 1990.

Livestock and Poultry Data

Based on the preliminary figures, the January price index for livestock and
poultry was unchanged from December but averaged 7.6 percent more than a year
ago.

Crop prices over all rose 6.3 percent from December but averaged 4.3 percent
below a year ago. The rise in the price of vegetables caused most of the
increase from December, the report said.

The fruit index dropped 9.3 percent from December and was 9.8 percent below a
year earlier.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of farm prices from 8/88 to 1/90 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                               December 16, 1998

Move to make farm sector more attractive

BYLINE: By Shahrum Sayuthi

SECTION: National; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: Petaling Jaya


PETALING JAYA, Tues. - The Government will focus on increasing the income
of farmers as the next course of action in its strategy to make the
agricultural sector an attractive employment alternative.

International Trade and Industries Deputy Minister Datuk Kerk Choo Ting
said this was in view of the current need to boost food production to
reduce the country's dependence on imports.

"Miti is working closely with the Agriculture Ministry in an ongoing
effort to increase farmers' income," he told reporters after presenting
the Farmers' Productivity Awards initiated by the National Productivity
Corporation at its headquarters here today.

Kerk said efforts to increase food output were now concentrated on
production and technical aspects but efforts were under way to give equal
priority to human resources which included improving farmers' incomes.

"It is important for us take care of their financial needs or no one
will want to stay in the agricultural sector."

Kerk said agriculture was still lagging behind the other resource-based
industries such as services and manufacturing as an employment alternative
- a trend he identified to be due to its inferior financial returns and
working conditions.

Earlier, in his speech, he said despite the apparent decline of interest
in agriculture, vegetable and fruit imports had been reduced during the
first seven months of this year by 20 to 40 per cent, saving the country
RM342 million in foreign exchange.

Department of Agriculture planning division director Abdul Kadir Abdul
Hadi said there had been signs of improvement in farmers' income.

He atrributed the success to several strategies such as reducing market
intermediaries.

"Our farmers in the peninsula have directly sold RM40 million worth of
their products so far this year, which is quite an achievement as compared
to the department's target of RM60 million."

Abdul Kadir said the department had targeted an average income of at
least RM1,000 per month for the country's farmers, a goal he said that
would soon be realised through the country's present agricultural policy.

At the ceremony, two groups of participants in the Group Farming Project
received their awards as the most productive in the scheme initiated by
the Agriculture Ministry.

The group from Kampung Guar Batu Hitam, Kubang Pasu, Kedah, represented
by Masir Mat, Shamsul Anwar Abdul Rahman and Alias Daud, won for producing
half a million pomeloes worth RM901,692 during their last harvest.

The group from Kampung Kok Klang, Padang Siding, Perlis, represented by
Hasanuddin Awang, Ramli Amin and Hamdan Hussein, won for an almost 50 per
cent increase in their vegetable production over the past two years.

The winning groups each received a cheque for RM2,500 sponsored by
Guthrie Group Bhd, a trophy and a certificate.

Kerk also launched NPC's pamphlet on "Productivity in Vegetables and
Fruit Farming", detailing the proper management of vegetable and fruit
farming.


LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture - For better productivity ... Kerk lifting the arms of Masir
(on his right) and Hamdan. With them are the other representatives of the award
winning farming groups, (from left) Alias, Shamsul Anwar, Ramli and Hasanuddin.

            Copyright 1998 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

House Agriculture Committee Reviews State of the Rural Economy

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Yesterday, the House Agriculture Committee held a hearing with Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack to review the state of the rural economy. According to
the latest forecast from U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), net farm income
in the United States is expected to fall by 56 percent from 2013 to 2016, the
largest three-year percentage decline in net farm income since the Great
Depression. While members thanked the Secretary for his service, they also
raised a number of concerns, including the impact that the continued outlook for
depressed prices could have on America's farmers and ranchers.





 "As chairman of this committee, I am deeply concerned about the direction we
are headed. With USDA projecting no relief in sight, it is more important now
than ever that we hold the line on the Farm Bill and we push back against
attacks on the risk management tools that are so vital to protecting our farms
and ranches.



 "While Secretary Vilsack reported the farm economy is sound, many of the
farmers and ranchers that we talk to are telling us the opposite. Nowhere is
that concern being felt more acutely than in the cottonbelt. While the actions
of the Chinese and Indian governments continue to hammer cotton markets,
threatening the very existence of the cotton industry in the United States,
Secretary Vilsack continues to deny much needed relief. The Secretary has used
his discretion repeatedly to intervene in situations much less dire than the one
facing the cotton industry. Ultimately, it comes down to whether or not we are
going to stand by our farmers and ranchers when they are under economic assault
by foreign governments. The Secretary has the authority and the responsibility
to act," said Chairman K. Michael Conaway.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

House Agriculture Committee Reviews State of the Rural Economy

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Yesterday, the House Agriculture Committee held a hearing with Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack to review the state of the rural economy. According to
the latest forecast from U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), net farm income
in the United States is expected to fall by 56 percent from 2013 to 2016, the
largest three-year percentage decline in net farm income since the Great
Depression. While members thanked the Secretary for his service, they also
raised a number of concerns, including the impact that the continued outlook for
depressed prices could have on America's farmers and ranchers.





 "As chairman of this committee, I am deeply concerned about the direction we
are headed. With USDA projecting no relief in sight, it is more important now
than ever that we hold the line on the Farm Bill and we push back against
attacks on the risk management tools that are so vital to protecting our farms
and ranches.



 "While Secretary Vilsack reported the farm economy is sound, many of the
farmers and ranchers that we talk to are telling us the opposite. Nowhere is
that concern being felt more acutely than in the cottonbelt. While the actions
of the Chinese and Indian governments continue to hammer cotton markets,
threatening the very existence of the cotton industry in the United States,
Secretary Vilsack continues to deny much needed relief. The Secretary has used
his discretion repeatedly to intervene in situations much less dire than the one
facing the cotton industry. Ultimately, it comes down to whether or not we are
going to stand by our farmers and ranchers when they are under economic assault
by foreign governments. The Secretary has the authority and the responsibility
to act," said Chairman K. Michael Conaway.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Sindh Agriculture Income Tax bill to be tabled in next PA session: Sikander
Mandhro

BYLINE: Bachal Chandio

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 506

LENGTH: 389  words


Sindh Minister for Law and Parliamentary Affairs Sikander Mandhro on Tuesday
said that draft of Sindh Agriculture Income Tax Act 2014 would be presented in
the next assembly session for discussion.

Talking to media at his office, Mandhro said that the committee formed by Chief
Minister Sindh Qaim Ali Shah has prepared its recommendations which are made
public for getting recommendations. The draft of the act will be distributed
among provincial lawmakers for their feedback, he said.

He said that committee formed by Qaim Ali Shah had representation of
stakeholders including members of Sindh Abadgar Board and Sindh Chamber of
Agriculture. We do not want to make laws that do not have confidence of
stakeholders, he said adding that the stakeholders were asked to make draft of
their own choice so that they feel no hesitation in paying taxes after the bill
is approved.

He said that it was a wrong perception that agriculturists were exempted from
the tax net, adding that they are paying several taxes including  agricultural
income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess tax and other indirect taxes.

The salient features of the bill that was prepared include deductions of
management expenses including purchasing of seeds, fertilizers and pesticides,
expenses on hiring animal, tractors and other equipments, fuel charges and
electricity bills of tube wells and any other expenses in harvesting fields.

Other deductible allowances include Zakat, workers welfare fund and charitable
donations.

It said that minimum income tax would be applicable to cultivated land of more
than 16 acres or 675 PIUs. The proposed bill has also raised taxable slab for
charging the agricultural income tax from Rs 80,000 to Rs400,000 while the
maximum tax percentage to be charged on income would range from 5 percent to 30
percent on different income levels.

Speaking on the occasion, the convener of the committee and President Sindh
Abadgar Board Abdul Majeed Nizamani said that agriculturists were ready to pay
taxes to the government if it agrees to pay back amount of several indirect
taxes as done in the case of industrialists and other business community.

He cited examples of India and other countries that were giving huge subsidy to
the agriculture sector and demanded of government to also give them subsidy in
order to boost this sector.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Senate committee proposes tax on assets, agriculture income

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 29 -- The Senate's Standing Committee on Finance on Wednesday
rejected the proposed restoration of wealth tax, and asked the Finance Ministry
to levy tax on assets and income from agriculture production for resource
mobilisation in the federal budget 2011-12, members of the committee informed
Daily Times.

The Senate body met in its in-camera session at the Parliament House with
Senator Ahmed Ali in the chair and was given a detailed presentation on the
upcoming fiscal year's budget. Federal Minister for Finance Dr Hafeez Shaikh and
Finance Secretary Dr Waqar Masood Khan briefed the committee on the proposed
initiatives of the budget 2011-12.

The members of the committee, especially Senator Haroon Khan, were of the view
that targets fixed by the government in the Budget Strategy Paper 2011-12 could
not be met as these had been set without keeping in view the ground realities of
the economy.

It was pointed out that after making payment to the International Monetary Fund
(IMF), the foreign exchange reserves would come down to $9 billion that would
impact the exchange rate and the Pak rupee would further depreciate against
major currencies.

The committee members held that restoration of the wealth tax would impose
additional tax burden on already tax-paying segment of society.

The Finance Ministry informed the committee that it was just a proposal and its
impact was being evaluated and that a decision would be taken after due
consultation with all stakeholders, including the parliamentarians.

The members of the committee were appreciative of the asset tax and were of the
view that rich who had been concealing their true taxable income and investing
in non-productive assets like real estate, shares, investment schemes and stock
market should be identified and tax should be imposed on them as punishment for
non-productive and non-job creating investment. The committee was unanimous that
agriculture income tax should be imposed based on income earned from agriculture
activity. The basic Rs 400,000 income should remain exempt and income over and
above this limit should be taxed like other incomes.

The committee was informed that the government was considering many options for
resource mobilisation but political resistance outside parliament was the main
hurdle in tax reforms. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

India needs a new green revolution: Anand Mahindra

LENGTH: 244 words

DATELINE: Lahore






    New Delhi: Cautioning against getting carried away by "glamorous sectors
like IT and e-commerce", Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra Thursday said
India needs a new green revolution as income from agriculture is declining.



    "There has been particularly two years of bad monsoon. Income from
agriculture is declining and we are so happy with glamorous sectors like IT and
ecommerce that we easily forget that agriculture is true heartbeat of this
nation," he said while speaking at Mahindra Samriddhi India Agri Awards 2015
here this evening.

    A majority of Indian population is dependent on agriculture for livelihood,
Mahindra added.

    This year the government has projected a growth of agriculture and allied
sector at 1.1 per cent. The sector is under distress and cases of farmer
suicides have been reported in many states.

    Lamenting the poor attitude towards agriculture in India, Mahindra said, "We
have the world's fourth largest agriculture sector. It employs over 50 per cent
of our population and constitutes 14 per cent of our GDP yet six decades after
independence agriculture is still not seen as a desirable occupation."

    Stressing on the need to give a fillip to the sector, he said, "We have made
a lot of progress in agriculture, have benefited from green revolution but we
need a new green revolution. I have confidence that this will happen because now
we have tools like technology to make it possible."




LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 31, 2015 Tuesday

Virginia: USDA Announces $9 Million to Support Community Food Projects Program

LENGTH: 710  words

DATELINE: Richmond


Virginia Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services has issued the
following news release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced the availability of $9 million in funding to
assist low-income individuals and communities in developing local and
independent food systems. NIFA is funding the grants through the Community Food
Projects program (CFP), authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"Community Foods Projects provide the opportunity for low-income communities to
become more self-reliant and take control of their own food systems," said Sonny
Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "These projects create food systems that are
economically equitable and socially and environmentally sustainable, providing
real solutions for communities most in need."

Community Food Projects involve the entire food system. Projects assess
strengths and establish connections among existing food systems, resulting in
improved food systems that support self-reliance.

Grants are intended to help eligible, private, nonprofit entities in need of a
one-time installment of federal assistance to establish and carry out
multipurpose community food projects. Projects are funded from $10,000 to
$400,000 and up to 36 months. All grants require a dollar-for-dollar match in
resources.

Applications are due March 17, 2015. Please see the request for applications for
specific program requirements.

CFP is an important part of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative,
which works to strengthen and support local and regional food systems. More
information on the initiative, including an interactive map of CFP and other
federally-supported local food projects, can be found at:
www.usda.gov/knowyourfarmer.

The primary goals of the Community Food Projects program are to (1) meet the
food needs of low-income individuals; (2) increase the food self-reliance of
low-income communities; (3) promote comprehensive responses to local food, farm
and nutrition issues; and (4) meet specific state, local or neighborhood food
and agricultural needs, including needs relating to infrastructure improvement
and development, planning for long-term solutions and the creation of innovative
marketing activities that mutually benefit agricultural producers and low-income
consumers.

Since 2009, NIFA has provided more than $28 million to 154 Community Food
Project awards in 48 states to help communities improve access to healthy, local
food. Past projects include Philadelphia Green, which supports small-scale
growers in their efforts to bring fresh, locally grown produce to the
Philadelphia metro area, and RootDown LA, which is engaging Los Angeles-area
youth in community gardens.

Funding for the CFP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write: USDA, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights,
Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or
call (866) 632-9992 (Toll-free Customer Service), (800) 877-8339 (Local or
Federal relay), (866) 377-8642 (Relay voice users).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            February 8, 2013 Friday

Poor, low-income groups targeted for insurance coverage

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Feb. 8 -- Insurance companies are now targeting the poor and low-
income groups of the country to bring them under insurance coverage with a view
to helping them recover from the natural and man-made shocks.

The present government has also recognised the insurance and agricultural sector
as the major sectors for economic development.

Keeping these in mind, Bangladesh Insurance Association (BIA) will organise the
first- ever two-day international seminar on agriculture and micro insurance
aiming to learn from the experience of about 22 countries how to better
implement the best practices of insurance policy in agriculture, micro and
health sector.

A press conference was organised in this connection on Thursday by the
association at its conference room in the city. Association president Sheikh
Kabir Hossain briefed the newsmen.

The seminar titled 'Agriculture and Micro Insurance: Experience in Afro-Asian
Region' will be organised with the support from Federation of Afro-Asian
Insurers and Reinsurers on February 10 and 11 at Pan Pacific Sonargaon Hotel
with 250 participants from around the world.

Of the total participants, 200 Bangladeshis and 50 foreign agriculture and micro
insurance experts will take part in the seminar where 24 papers will be
presented. The association will submit its next plan and steps regarding
implementation of micro, health, agriculture and accidental insurance for the
low income people after that.

Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina will inaugurate the seminar. The association hopes
to have a Dhaka Declaration from the seminar.

At present, total life fund of the country's insurance sector is estimated at
about Tk 220 billion (22,000 crore), 30 per cent of which is invested in
government treasury bond, 20 per cent in real estate sector, 30 per cent in the
stock market, other subsidiary companies, bond, mutual fund, and the rest amount
is kept in banks as fixed and term deposit.

"We call upon the government to take special measure to make it compulsory to
have insurance policy not only in agriculture sector, but also in any kind of
infrastructure, establishment, labour safety etc," said Kabir.

The country's insurers now collect Tk 60 billion as premium annually.

Terming Bangladesh a pioneer in microcredit sector, Kabir said Tk 600 billion
was disbursed through various microfinance institutes to 30 million people in
2012.

"If the ultra poor could be brought under the micro insurance, millions of
people would be saved from any natural or man- made disaster," said Kabir.

He mentioned the country had a crop insurance from 1977 till 1992 which was
later discontinued due to various operational problems.

"As the government has a tremendous success in agriculture, we want to bring
agriculture under insurance coverage and take the success forward. We do not
have any experience. That is why this seminar where we will learn from those
having experience in this sector," said Ahsanul Islam Titu, vice president of
BIA.

"Our main aim is to bring the low- income group of people under insurance
coverage with only Tk 500 premium," said Ahsanul.

Many countries have the tradition of involving insurance sector in financing
various utility companies, infrastructure projects and large establishments
which is profitable, he added.

"We want to say that we also have that kind of capacity to invest in any large
project but it must happen under a structure with a plan and which must be a
profitable venture," he said. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
The Financial Express. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            November 19, 2010 Friday

Mixed reaction to outline of Cap reform from 2013

BYLINE: SEÁN Mac CONNELL Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 324 words


THERE HAS been a mixed reaction to the published outline of a reformed Common
Agricultural Policy after 2013, which agriculture commissioner Dacian Ciolos
says will be  greener, fairer, more efficient and more effective .

Minister for Agriculture Brendan Smith welcomed the commission s commitment to
the three strategic aims of ensuring security of food supply, sustainable
management of natural resources and maintenance of viable rural areas.

This is just the start of the formal debate that will lead to conclusions in the
EU Council of Agriculture Ministers on the general orientation of future Cap
policy,  he said.  I am looking forward to this debate.

Pledging to defend payments to Irish farmers, Mr Smith said some of his concerns
had been allayed, especially in relation to the continuation of the decoupled
direct payments to farmers.

The Irish Farmers  Association hit out at a commitment to a redistribution of
direct payments that would not be based on historical references. IFA president
John Bryan said he feared that would result in devastation for productive farms
across all enterprises.

This would seriously undermine agricultural production in Ireland, with damaging
consequences for farm incomes, agricultural output, food exports, jobs and the
rural economy.

The commission document gave a series of options for dealing with direct
payments from giving basic income support to linking them to green policies and
phasing them out altogether.

Mr Bryan said he feared some of the options would lead to a major shift in farm
supports from the high-cost production systems in Ireland and western Europe to
the low-cost economies of eastern Europe.

Mr Ciolos had made it clear the future system of direct payments could not be
based on historical reference periods, but should be linked to objective
criteria.

The current system provides different rules for the EU-15 and the EU-12, which
cannot be continued after 2013,  he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

Private sector's role vital for agri progress: Olson

LENGTH: 311  words


The U.S. Ambassador to Pakistan Richard Olson while stressing private sector's
crucial role in expanding Pakistan's agricultural markets Thursday said it needs
to be involved to make development assistance more effective. He was speaking at
the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo in Lahore, that also celebrated over 50
years of U.S.- Pakistan cooperation in the agriculture sector - that contributed
to the Green Revolution of the 1950s and more recently has increased income for
800,000 families over the last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts have helped in
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security. Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private
sector must be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The
challenge for Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development
ultimately depends on private sector initiatives to take these programs and
transfer them into viable commercial enterprises." Since 2009, the U.S.
government has invested over $230 million to fund projects that support the
economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At the Expo, the U.S. Agency
for International Development, the U.S. Foreign Commercial Service, and the U.S.
Department of Agriculture highlighted many of these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.- funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sind have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Business and Financial Times (Ghana)

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

The young must go back to the soil- AASU

LENGTH: 443  words


Source: Felicia Ansah |thebftonline |Ghana

The fifth edition of the All - Africa Students Union (AASU) conference, was held
last week at the Ghana College of Physicians and Surgeons in Accra, to
deliberate on how the youth in the Africa will take up strategies in building a
better agricultural industry in the region.

The programme drew young agriculture enthusiasts across the African continent to
the event with the theme, "Climate change and implications for food security in
Africa: Students' and youth Response"

Secretary General of AASU, Fred Awaah, said "we still rely on rain fed
agriculture, and it is noted that by the year 2020, between 75 to 250 million
people are likely to face challenges of water threats as a major problem to
climate change."

Mr. Awaah continued: "we must collectively think around the clock to put in
place the necessary mechanism to climate change and food security on the face of
the African continent" he remarked.

It is the core responsibility of every African child to see the future of Africa
in a progressive manner. It is panicky to note that the farming population of
Ghana averages 55 years, yet life expectancy is only 60 years in the country.

Generally, it has been noticed that, the average age in farming in Africa is 60
years; and the African continent is the most vulnerable when it comes to food
security therefore agriculture and the youth, with one accord, must lead in
producing agricultural food within the African continent.

The Executive Director of the Organization for African Development (OAD), Mr.
Bonaventure Aguissi, stated that "food security exists when all people have
access to a sufficient quantity of safe, nutritious, and affordable food to
provide for the sustenance of their healthy, active and productive life."

He added that about 70% of the African population lives by farming, with 40% of
exports being agricultural produce, of which one-third of all the income in
Africa is generated through Agriculture."

According to a research done by Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO), crop
production, livestock and husbandry accounts for about half of our household
income, yet the poorest members of the society are the most dependent on
agriculture for both direct and indirect income.

Africa has abundant arable land and human resource that could potentially be
used to increase production, and improve sustainable incomes and food security.

The African continent remains part of the world's highest proportion of people
who suffer from hunger with the largest population living below the poverty
line.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/630/1800/67/147144054476.jpg

The young must go back to the soil- AASU

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1800


                  Copyright 2016 Business and Financial Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Independent

                           January 25 1989, Wednesday

Deal done on direct aid for farmers

BYLINE: From DAVID USBORNE in Brussels

SECTION: Foreign News ; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 378 words


European Community agriculture ministers agreed early yesterday that member
states should be free to offer cash income support directly to farmers, a
potentially far-reaching change to the community's traditional methods of
subsidising agriculture.

Buried within a wider package of measures agreed at 5am, the move is certain to
trigger fears of incipient fragmentation - or 'renationalisation' - of the EC's
Common Agricultural Policy. John MacGregor, the British Agriculture Minister who
was forced by illness to leave the meeting on Monday evening, has consistently
opposed the introduction of direct income support, which he regards as the
embryo of a state welfare system for farmers. 'We don't agree with the whole
concept, which, to us, is really just a social security scheme,' his spokeswoman
commented.


Income support will be an option, not an obligation. British officials say it is
too early to predict whether the Government will adopt the scheme. But other EC
countries, notably West Germany, are certain to press ahead. A British decision
would probably have to overcome serious reservations at the Treasury, since
three-quarters of the money needed for the scheme in Britain would have to come
from the exchequer. Brussels will co-finance grants worth up to pounds 700 per
farmer per year, while national governments will be able to add a further pounds
1,050 of their own.

Farmers themselves are likely to have strong reservations about the new scheme,
particularly in Britain, since it will tend to strengthen criticism that they
receive subsidies denied to other sectors. Income support may also create
serious tensions within the community if farmers in richer countries, like West
Germany, benefit from far higher levels of support than their poorer neighbours.

The community's traditional means of farm support, the guaranteeing of
artifically high prices, subsidises farm incomes but at the same time encourages
large and expensive food surpluses. The theory behind the income support plan,
which has been heavily promoted by the EC Commission President, Jacques Delors,
is that it gives farmers money without triggering overproduction - something
which is likely to please the United States.

Foreign News Page 10

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Independent Print Ltd


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       July 6, 2000, Thursday, Edition 1

OTTAWA, PROVINCES SIGN FARM AID PACT

BYLINE: Chris Morris

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words




CANADIAN PRESS

FREDERICTON - Canada's agriculture ministers have signed a multibillion- dollar
agreement designed to take at least some of the uncertainty out of the risky
business of farming.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief said yesterday the three-year
agreement will provide federal and provincial funding worth as much as $5.5
billion and establish a framework for stability on the farm.

''Although there's still more work to be done, I believe that today's agreement
marks an important milestone in farm income support," Vanclief said during the
annual meeting of agriculture ministers in Fredericton.

The agreement, which comes into effect this year, isn't complete. The ministers
still have to work out the details of an income disaster program to compensate
farmers devastated by natural catastrophes such as floods, drought and the
vagaries of commodity markets.

The need for such protection was underscored this week by a sudden, intense rain
storm that flattened crops in parts of the Prairies.

The southwestern Saskatchewan village of Vanguard was inundated with 333
millimetres of rain, more than a year's worth in just 10 hours.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Dwain Lingenfelter said it's too early to say
if Vanguard farmers will qualify for the new farm safety net program.

But Lingenfelter, like the other provincial ministers, was enthusiastic about
the aid package.

''This framework will add hope and optimism to the farm community in
Saskatchewan," he said. ''It's not perfect, but it will go a long way to help
meet the needs."

Ottawa will provide $3.3 billion and the provinces up to $2.2 billion over the
next three years for a variety of safety net programs, such as crop insurance,
cash advances, an income stabilization account, income disaster protection and a
number of programs aimed at certain provinces.

All farm support programs are cost-shared between Ottawa and the provinces. For
every $60 Ottawa puts in, the provinces must add $40.

Ernie Hardeman, Ontario's agriculture minister, said the agreement finally
recognizes Ontario's demand for a fairer share of safety net funding.

''We have secured this province's ability to offer truly effective programs,
made-in-Ontario programs, that meet the diverse needs of an agriculture industry
that produces more than 200 commodities," he said.

The new deal means about $225 million will be available annually for Ontario's
core safety net programs.

The amount of money in each province varies according to the size of the
agriculture industry.

The lion's share of the money will go to basic safety net programs, and there's
some grumbling that Ottawa has reduced its share of the disaster fund allocation
to $435 million from $500 million.

Bob Friesen, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said there
needs to be more money for disaster protection. However, he said farmers are
pleased with the over-all agreement.

''Where we applaud the ministers is that they were able to set aside their
political differences to come together and agree to funding and to an allocation
of money for the next three years," Friesen said.


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture program 'not working': CFIB

BYLINE: Angela Hall, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 589  words


Many farmers feel saddled by the paperwork, cost and inadequate payments of a
national program meant to protect them from drops in income, says a report
released Tuesday by the Canadian Federation of Independent Business.

The Case Against CAIS, based on a national survey of about 230 of the
federation's members participating in the Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization program, says the farm safety net must be improved or replaced
through extensive industry consultation.

"CAIS is costly, time-consuming, complicated and often does not provide benefit,
and is a classic example of government policy that misses the mark," said
Gaylene Simpson, the federation's agri-business policy analyst in Regina.

"It's clear that CAIS is providing a shovel for a job that needs a hammer. It's
just not working."

The average producer pays $1,000 for professional help to complete the CAIS
paperwork, according to the report. Nine per cent of respondents reported
spending more than $5,000 to participate in the program.

About 95 per cent rated the volume and complexity of paperwork as either a minor
or major problem.

Only about half of respondents had received a payment from the program, the
report said. Of those that did get money, 43 per cent said the payment didn't
adequately assist their business in handling the margin loss for the year.

"For quite some time we've heard the stories and claims of how awful CAIS is and
today we're providing the data to confirm that," Simpson said.

"We're hoping that this report will give the government the ammunition they need
to develop a long-term safety net program that will truly address the needs of
the Canadian agriculture industry."

The issues with the program are well-known among farmers, said Neal Hardy,
president of the Saskatchewan Association of Rural Municipalities.

"They've either got to fix it or scrap it," said Hardy, who sits on the National
CAIS Review Committee, formed under the previous Liberal government to assess
the often criticized program.

"They sent out lots of money but it doesn't get to the people that really need
it."

Hardy said the CAIS committee made a proposal before the change in government on
how program forms could be "greatly" simplified. The new Conservative government
made a campaign pledge to replace CAIS -- which is cost-shared 60/40 by federal
and provincial governments -- with separate farm income stabilization and
disaster relief programs.

Saskatchewan MP David Anderson, parliamentary secretary to Agriculture Minister
Chuck Strahl, said the survey seems to verify anecdotal CAIS concerns.

It's not clear yet what program improvements are in store, and if or when it
will be altogether replaced, but Anderson said the minister is consulting with
the provinces and industry groups "to begin the process of putting our policy in
place and changing the farm programs."

"We think we can improve farm income support for farmers ...," Anderson said.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman said the province has been
pushing for CAIS improvements from the start, noting the deposit producers were
required to make to participate was eventually replaced by a small fee.

But lots of work still needs to be done, he said. "You cannot predict easily the
kind of returns that you'll get from the program," Wartman said.

Wartman, who meets with Strahl in Regina today, said he'll also press for an
arrangement that's more affordable for provinces such as Saskatchewan, which
pays up to four or five times the per-capita average to fund its portion of
CAIS.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Don Healy, The Leader-Post; Gaylene Simpson, an agri-business
policy analyst with the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, holds a
copy of the report the federation prepared on the Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization program.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 23, 2011 Friday

Moving our economy forward

BYLINE: AARON KRAUTER

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 421 words


Farm Service Agency

Last week, we learned that farm income in 2011 is forecast to reach an all-time
high - up 28 percent over 2010 - signaling that American agriculture remains a
bright spot in our nation's economy.

The growth in farm income is also making a real difference for America's farm
families, whose household income was up 3.1 percent in 201. It is forecast to
increase 1.2 percent in 2011. And despite marginal increases in retail food
prices, all American families still pay substantially less for food at the
grocery store than residents of nearly every other country, thanks to the
productivity of our farmers. A combination of factors has made this growth
possible, including strong returns on cash receipts and off-farm employment,
strong yields despite weather setbacks and record-high farm exports, which
continue to make U.S. agriculture one of the only sectors of our economy to log
a trade surplus year after year.

Today, exports support nearly 10 million American jobs. Overall, U.S.
agriculture supports 1 in 12 American jobs in all sorts of industries from
picking and processing, to packing and shipping, to shelving at your local
market. Farm exports support more than 1.1 million jobs here at home.

A few weeks back, President Barack Obama signed into law a major piece of his
jobs agenda: new trade agreements with Colombia, Panama and South Korea. These
agreements will support tens of thousands of jobs here at home, put unemployed
Americans back to work and open new opportunities for American businesses.

For America's farmers and ranchers, the trade agreements provide our best
opportunity to build on what has been a record year for U.S. agriculture.
Combined, the agreements will generate an additional $2.3 billion in farm
exports next year alone.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture believes that America needs an economy that
makes, creates, innovates and exports. And there is no better way to spur
productivity than by putting more money back into the pockets of American
families.

For our part, USDA will continue to maintain a strong farm safety net, expand
local and regional food systems and promote greater export opportunities for
U.S. agriculture,- all designed to increase incomes for America's farm families.
But to help rebuild an economy that restores security for the middle class and
renews opportunity for folks trying to reach the middle class, we also need to
invest in the middle class.

(Aaron Krauter is the North Dakota state executive director for USDA Farm
Service Agency.)

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                    April 17, 2002 Wednesday Ontario Edition

Challenges facing new premier

BYLINE: Elbert van Donkersgoed

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 481 words

With Ernie Eves taking over as premier of Ontario, one can always hope that a
breath of fresh air will blow through Ontario farm policy.

The biggest obstacle to that hope for family farm agriculture is the rhetoric
and drive that keeps us on the treadmill to fewer, bigger farms to accommodate
ever-lower farm-gate values and declining total returns.

When we brag about how much farmers are reinvesting in their enterprises or
cajole governments to support new investment in our farms we unwittingly shift
the treadmill to lower prices into a higher gear.

On the one hand, farmers' willingness to reinvest profits and governments'
readiness to provide information, education, safety nets and standards keeps
farm production in Ontario growing. It is a success story, of a sort.

It is also an unsustainable future for family farm agriculture > an agriculture
where there is a natural connection between the folks doing the farm work and
local land base, local communities, local environment.

The hitch is both simple and profound. Reinvestment in farm enterprises and
government support for agriculture is almost totally focused on the efficiency
of raw material production.

Reinvestment in farm businesses is predisposed to show up as the latest gadget,
up-to-date barns or more "iron" > meaning bigger tractors and combines.

Our safety nets, like crop insurance, net income stabilization accounts, market
revenue insurance and disaster assistance are all primarily designed to help pay
these technology bills. Farming is changing dramatically as technology work
replaces people work.

Statistics Canada reported back in February that 35,000 folks, who used to
derive their primary income from agriculture, disappeared from its Ontario data
in just four years between 1998 and 2001.

If these folks are still farming, it has been scaled back to part-time work and
a contribution to family income.

We are turning the production of the raw ingredients for food over to technology
work. This works as a cheap food policy. By that I mean cheap raw material
policy to which entrepreneurs beyond the farm gate have lots of opportunity to
add value. It does not work as a family farm policy. Neither does it work as a
countryside policy.

A fresh approach to Ontario farm policy starts with emphasizing that farming
must become more than the efficient production of bulk undifferentiated raw
ingredients for food.

Should Eves be courageous enough to take up this challenge > refocus government
enabling on farming's connection to food, land, community and environment > it
will be just as great a challenge for farmers to abandon their rhetoric, step
off the treadmill and walk the walk that carries with it the fresh breath of a
new spring.

Elbert van Donkersgoed is the strategic policy adviser of the Christian Farmers
Federation of Ontario.

Agriculture


LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: toronto star file photo MORE IRON: Increased investment in agriculture
often ends up as bigger equipment, putting farmers on a treadmill.

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                             April 8, 2008 Tuesday

Questions for Seifert

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 539 words


As a Solano County farmer, I contribute to the worth of Solano County
agriculture - a production value of $250 million annually. Why does supervisor
candidate Linda Seifert want to prevent me from growing this value? I do not
understand.

Before the county last updated its general plan and zoning ordinances in 1984,
Solano County agriculture grew at an average of 8 percent to 10 percent per
year. Because of the archaic zoning laws and lock-down policies on agriculture
in the 1984 plan, farm income has not grown at the previous rates and has been
relatively stagnant for nearly 30 years.

Statewide, farmers generate $2 in additional income for every $1 in crop income
(2:1), due to the ability to add value in processing and or selling one's own
products. According to the Farm Bureau, in Solano County that ratio is only
$0.58 per dollar. I would like to provide my family additional economical
resources but am limited by our county policies governing land use in our
agricultural districts. This puts me into one of the worst economic generating
farming counties in the state.

This trend can be turned around if farmers like me in the county are provided
the opportunities and options to revitalize our income generating ideas.

What does that mean? With simplified, flexible planning regulations Solano
agriculture should be generating a half billion dollars annually, the economy as
a whole benefits, and I see more local jobs being created. Because of the
current restrictions (I can't use a neighbor's olives in our olive oil, a
processing plant can't be built on agricultural lands, like my farm, ancient
sewer treatment facilities are required, which cannot process our olive oil
by-product) Solano County is losing $100 million per year in economic value.
Since 1984, that translates to $2 billion (yes, billion!) in lost income.

In 2006, farmers, citizens and voters overwhelmingly defeated Measure J, an
initiative that would have continued the 1984 policies for another 30 years.
Since then, I, my neighboring farmers and other county citizens have been
working on the general plan to create economic spirit for our agriculture
endeavors.

The General Plan update streamlines agricultural land use policy for the next 20
years. Contrary to Ms. Seifert's contentions, the plan doesn't put the county in
the "development business." In fact, it limits development, keeps orderly growth
policies in place, continues to put urban development in cities but allows some
economic growth in the county, and gives me, the farmer the room I need to
succeed economically.

The Farm Bureau overwhelmingly endorses this plan. Service groups all over the
county are looking forward to reviewing it. The Planning Commission and the
Board of Supervisors endorse it. The Citizens Advisory Committee that drafted it
overwhelmingly supports it.

Supervisor John Silva, who is running against Ms. Seifert, supports it for
farmers like me.

Her literature states she believes economic development is important. If that is
the case, why is Ms. Seifert against a plan that helps me and other farmers stay
in business, creates jobs, reduces greenhouse gases and generates $100 million
per year?

Next time you see her, you should ask her.

Jon Fadhl, Dixon farmer

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 16, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, March 16 -- The United States has showcased its long-standing support
for Pakistan's agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo.

The U.S. pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the
agriculture sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and
income for farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability. The two-day
exhibition in Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers. The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan. USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018.

USAID programs help boost Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing
advanced farming technologies, services, and practices; building additional
irrigation infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.
The United States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more
than 370,000 acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the
incomes of more than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one
million acres by 2016.

USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form partnerships,
and tap into more lucrative markets. These programs are helping Pakistani
farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.

They have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million
in new agriculture product export orders

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

Pakistan: U.S. showcases agricultural partnership

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, March 15 -- The United States has showcased its long-standing support
for Pakistan's agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo.

The U.S. pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the
agriculture sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and
income for farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability. The two-day
exhibition in Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.

The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion programs administered by the
U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan. USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018.

USAID programs help boost Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing
advanced farming technologies, services, and practices; building additional
irrigation infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.

The United States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more
than 370,000 acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the
incomes of more than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one
million acres by 2016. USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access
financing, form partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.

These programs are helping Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector
agriculture investments. They have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in
obtaining more than $60 million in new agriculture product export orders

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: USDA Announces $9 Million to Support Community Food Projects Program

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, Feb. 19, 2015 - The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National
Institute of Food and Agriculture (NIFA) today announced the availability of $9
million in funding to assist low-income individuals and communities in
developing local and independent food systems. NIFA is funding the grants
through the Community Food Projects program (CFP), authorized by the
Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"Community Foods Projects provide the opportunity for low-income communities to
become more self-reliant and take control of their own food systems," said Sonny
Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "These projects create food systems that are
economically equitable and socially and environmentally sustainable, providing
real solutions for communities most in need."

Community Food Projects involve the entire food system. Projects assess
strengths and establish connections among existing food systems, resulting in
improved food systems that support self-reliance.

Grants are intended to help eligible, private, nonprofit entities in need of a
one-time installment of federal assistance to establish and carry out
multipurpose community food projects. Projects are funded from $10,000 to
$400,000 and up to 36 months. All grants require a dollar-for-dollar match in
resources.

Applications are due March 17, 2015. Please see the request for applications for
specific program requirements.

CFP is an important part of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative,
which works to strengthen and support local and regional food systems. More
information on the initiative, including an interactive map of CFP and other
federally-supported local food projects, can be found at:
www.usda.gov/knowyourfarmer.

The primary goals of the Community Food Projects program are to (1) meet the
food needs of low-income individuals; (2) increase the food self-reliance of
low-income communities; (3) promote comprehensive responses to local food, farm
and nutrition issues; and (4) meet specific state, local or neighborhood food
and agricultural needs, including needs relating to infrastructure improvement
and development, planning for long-term solutions and the creation of innovative
marketing activities that mutually benefit agricultural producers and low-income
consumers.

Since 2009, NIFA has provided more than $28 million to 154 Community Food
Project awards in 48 states to help communities improve access to healthy, local
food. Past projects include Philadelphia Green, which supports small-scale
growers in their efforts to bring fresh, locally grown produce to the
Philadelphia metro area, and RootDown LA, which is engaging Los Angeles-area
youth in community gardens.

Funding for the CFP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America. For more information, visit
www.usda.gov/farmbill.

Through federal funding and leadership for research, education and extension
programs, NIFA focuses on investing in science and solving critical issues
impacting people's daily lives and the nation's future. More information is at:
www.nifa.usda.gov.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 28, 2012 Friday

Need to move people out of agriculture: Manmohan

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 222  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on Thursday stressed on the need to shift
additional farmers to non-agriculture sectors to boost their income levels.

"Paradoxically, we should not aim at increasing total employment in agriculture.
In fact, we need to move people out of agriculture by giving them gainful
employment in the non-agricultural sector. It is only when fewer people depend
upon agriculture that per capita incomes in agriculture will rise significantly
and sufficiently to make farming an attractive proposition," Singh said.

He said higher farm sector growth during the 11th Plan period (2007-12) was an
important reason why the poverty level dropped faster, pointing at the role of
agriculture in achieving inclusive growth.

The average agriculture and allied sector growth touched 3.3% in the last Plan
period, compared with 2.4% in the previous Plan period, while agriculture wages
rose 6.8% annually in recent years against only 1.1% in the period before
2004-05.

According to the estimates Planning Commission released earlier in the year, the
all India poverty head count ratio (HCR) has dropped by 7.3 percentage points to
29.8 per cent in 2009-10 from 37.2% in 2004-05. Rural poverty also declined by 8
percentage points to 33.8% and urban poverty by 4.8 percentage point to 20.9%
during this period, showed the estimate.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

Stubborn tax culture

LENGTH: 908 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 7 -- Although the Federal Board of Revenue appears determined to
widen the tax net and is undertaking some unconventional measures as well to
rein in the evaders, not much change can be expected from resource mobilisation
effort in the year 2012.

One obvious reason for this pessimism is that the country's legal structure
allows too many exemptions and loopholes to certain groups, some of whom
unfortunately sit in parliament and are often part of the decision-making
process. There is an urgent need to amend the constitution to promote the tax
culture. Then, the FBR is not known for efficient and corruption-free work
culture and any outstanding scheme to raise revenue can be thwarted by a few
greedy officials.

Under the law, income from agriculture, the largest sector, is exempt from tax.
Only land tax is allowed and that too by the provinces. The result is that fewer
than three million, out of 180 million, pay income tax. And, regrettably, they
include low salary employees of the state and private entities.

Pakistan's tax-to-GDP ratio is below nine per cent, which is one of the lowest
global rates and worse than much of Africa.

About 1.9 million people paid tax in 2010, less than the year before, although
3.2 million were registered as tax-payers. In May this year, the FBR identified
a list of 700,000 people, who own more than one house, own cars, travel abroad,
have bank accounts but do not pay any taxes.

On December 23, the seventh meeting of the Tax Reforms Core Group held in
Islamabad was informed that under the Broadening of Tax Base concept notices
have been issued to 295,000 non-filers of tax returns and another 300,000 are
expected to be served notices shortly. The FBR gathered the relevant information
about them by going through the bills of owners of over three million
electricity connections which showed that only 0.7 million of them pay income
tax.

More such information may be gathered from gas and phone connections by
determining the tax potential of their owners.

The FBR chairman, on several occasions, has said that the gap in the tax system
is around 79 per cent and the recovery of such revenue could minimise the fiscal
deficit and dependence on foreign loans.

In September the FBR, in a similar move to identify non-payers, issued a
notification that its electronic system would not accept sales tax and federal
excise returns from January 1, 2012 of all those registered manufacturers,
importers and exporters who failed to provide computerised national identity
card numbers or national tax numbers of their unregistered buyers. The
businessmen had resented the FBR decision but the board refused to provide any
relaxation in period as it had already given two extensions in dates.

In August this year, the FBR informed the Tax Reform Coordination Group (TRCG)
about an alternate strategy aimed at bringing into net new tax-payers. Under
this strategy, income from sources such as transfer of shares, sale/purchase of
immoveable property will also be taxed and a field survey of business centres
will be periodically carried out.

The issue of taxing income from agriculture has been raised by civil society
groups, political parties and even the taxation department from time to time
during the last four decades but not pursued to its logical conclusion. The
landlords argue that they pay land revenue and Usher and that the prices of
agriculture commodities are kept artificially low by them, hence there is no
need for any further tax.

On December 19, Salman Siddique, chairman FBR, told reporters that almost 60 per
cent of the returns filers, out of 36,000 returns filed under the broadening of
tax base exercise, have shown no income earned from the agriculture and ten per
cent have shown receiving money from abroad in the shape of remittances.

Perhaps, they feared they may be taxed if actual income was mentioned. But they
appeared unaware of the fact that the income from agriculture and remittances
was exempt from tax.

A State Bank report on June 24 said the agriculture sector produced goods valued
at Rs3.698 trillion in the fiscal year 2010-11 which was higher than that of the
manufacturing sector but all the income went untaxed.

The manufacturing sector produced total goods worth Rs3.167 trillion. The
untaxed agriculture income was 16.7 per cent higher than that of the
manufacturing sector which is almost 100 per cent in the tax net. This anomaly
has resulted in shifting enormous burden to existing taxpayers and common people
who are subject to ever-increasing indirect taxes.

One may recall that the incumbent finance minister and his predecessor have been
too vocal in making commitments that there will be no more any 'no-go areas'
(meaning all exemptions will be withdrawn) and that all taxable incomes,
including those of landlords, will be taxed.

On several occasions, Dr Abdul Hafeez Sheikh looked determined to make a break
with the past and go ahead with roping in the tax-evading/exempted rich class to
pay taxes but then stopped short of coming up with necessary measures. The
leading figures of the regime have, incidentally, not shown any such concern,
nor initiated any meaningful measures and have apparently preferred to remain
uncommitted on the issue. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Opposition ends Punjab Assembly boycott

BYLINE:  JALIL HASSAN AKHTAR

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 333

LENGTH: 312  words


Rana Sanaullah Provincial Law Minister in the Punjab Assembly on Wednesday said
that due action under the law would be taken against those government officials
that have shown carelessness in Rawalpindi incident. He said a special
commission to probe slackness by authorities is already constituted.

Opposition members in Punjab Assembly that had boycotted assembly proceedings a
day earlier returned to the session during the day. Speaker Rana Muhammad Iqbal
had formed a committee comprising Minister Nadeem Kamran, Raja Ashfaq Sarwar,
and an MPA Arshad Khan Lodhi to call back opposition to session. Rana Sana Ullah
also met the opposition members. The opposition members returned to the assembly
session. Speaker ordered Rana Muhammad Iqbal to expunge words of law minister
from the assembly record.

In the session, audit reports of the Auditor General of Pakistan on accounts of
the Punjab Government on the topic of Appropriation Accounts, Appropriation
Accounts (Forest Department), Financial Statements, Special Audit Reports, Study
Reports and Project Audit reports were submitted to the house.

During question-hour the house was told the Agriculture Income Tax was derived
through (1) Land Base Tax (2)Agriculture Income Tax. This tax is levied on land
area under cultivation, including that where fruits are under cultivation. For
Agricultural Income Tax an agriculturist needs to have 12.5 acres area of land.
This tax is levied once a year while Agriculture Income Tax does not cover area
on which forest or nursery is established, Agriculture Minister informed the
house. Minister Colonies on a query stated that with establishment of service
centres in five tehsils, work is in progress on computerisation of Land Revenue
Record in Lahore. He said record would be computerised by December 2014 in
Lahore. The house was adjourned for Thursday (today) by the chair.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Opposition ends Punjab Assembly boycott

BYLINE:  JALIL HASSAN AKHTAR

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 333

LENGTH: 312  words


Rana Sanaullah Provincial Law Minister in the Punjab Assembly on Wednesday said
that due action under the law would be taken against those government officials
that have shown carelessness in Rawalpindi incident. He said a special
commission to probe slackness by authorities is already constituted.

Opposition members in Punjab Assembly that had boycotted assembly proceedings a
day earlier returned to the session during the day. Speaker Rana Muhammad Iqbal
had formed a committee comprising Minister Nadeem Kamran, Raja Ashfaq Sarwar,
and an MPA Arshad Khan Lodhi to call back opposition to session. Rana Sana Ullah
also met the opposition members. The opposition members returned to the assembly
session. Speaker ordered Rana Muhammad Iqbal to expunge words of law minister
from the assembly record.

In the session, audit reports of the Auditor General of Pakistan on accounts of
the Punjab Government on the topic of Appropriation Accounts, Appropriation
Accounts (Forest Department), Financial Statements, Special Audit Reports, Study
Reports and Project Audit reports were submitted to the house.

During question-hour the house was told the Agriculture Income Tax was derived
through (1) Land Base Tax (2)Agriculture Income Tax. This tax is levied on land
area under cultivation, including that where fruits are under cultivation. For
Agricultural Income Tax an agriculturist needs to have 12.5 acres area of land.
This tax is levied once a year while Agriculture Income Tax does not cover area
on which forest or nursery is established, Agriculture Minister informed the
house. Minister Colonies on a query stated that with establishment of service
centres in five tehsils, work is in progress on computerisation of Land Revenue
Record in Lahore. He said record would be computerised by December 2014 in
Lahore. The house was adjourned for Thursday (today) by the chair.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 13, 1988 Tuesday

Farm income outlook bright this year, clouded next

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 656 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
   Farmers will post record incomes this year, despite a drought, a
grasshopper plague and a transatlantic trade war that threatened to drive
wheat prices through the floor.

The hangover will come next year, however, when incomes drop by an
estimated 15 per cent across the country and by more than 25 per cent in
Manitoba.

It's a gloomy outlook and there is little that the industry can do to
soften the blow.

Speaking to more than 1,000 industry leaders at the 1988 Canadian
Agricultural Outlook Conference in Ottawa yesterday, federal economists
warned that wheat prices will fall to the lowest level in constant dollars
since the Depression, while farm incomes will fall to half the level of
the late 1970s.

"Farm incomes in the late 1970s were an aberration," said Douglas
Hedley, director-general of policy in the federal Department of
Agriculture . "They were abnormally high."

Consumers can't even take joy in these figures because food prices are
expected to rise by 3 to 5 per cent annually through to the early 1990s
because of higher commodity prices and marketing costs.

Food prices will rise by about 2.8 per cent this year, he said.

In his outlook, Dr. Hedley noted that the value of the Canadian dollar
(compared with the U.S. dollar) will have an inordinate impact on food
prices and farm incomes.

The recent rise in the value of the dollar to about 84 cents (U.S.)
from 81 cents could cause a 6 per cent decline in farm incomes and a 1 per
cent decline in the price of food.

In their reports, the economists predicted that realized net farm
income will fall in 1989 to an estimated $4.4-billion (Canadian) on
revenue of $22.3-billion.

In 1988, farmers posted income of a record high $5.2-billion on revenue
of $21.9-billion, and in 1987, they made $4.8-billion on sales of $20.8-
billion.

The greatest decrease in 1989 will be in Manitoba where incomes are
expected to fall by 27 per cent. In Ontario, Quebec and Saskatchewan,
incomes will fall by about 15 per cent.

Only three provinces are expected to see an increase, Newfoundland,
Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island.

One major reason for the decline in 1989 income is the expected
"substantial decline" in government support programs, said Wayne Jones, an
income specialist with the Agriculture Department.

Ottawa intends to phase out the $1.1-billion Special Canadian Grains
Program now that the world price of grains and oilseeds has moved up.

It expects to cut the $1-billion annual payouts made under the Western
Grain Stabilization Act crop insurance plan, assuming there will not be a
drought in 1989, and to return to normal payouts under the various other
crop insurance plans across the country that protect farmers from
hailstorms, unexpected frosts and insect plagues.

These federal payouts were largely responsible for the record income in
1989.

The 1988 drought was also a major factor this year, but the impact
varied considerably among various commodity groups.

In general, the drought caused a world shortage of grains and oilseeds
and drove up prices.

But many countries around the world are gearing up production for 1989,
and prices are expected to come down again before stabilizing in the early
1990s.

Dr. Hedley expects a 35 per cent increase in world grain production
next year, and a 70 per cent increase in wheat.

Changes of this magnitude are expected to send prices - and farm
incomes - on a roller-coaster ride.

The average price of wheat, for instance, rose from $170 a metric ton
last spring to $260 in mid-summer. It is expected to fall back to $220
next year and stabilize at about $240 by 1990.

The price of barley, corn and soybeans are expected to follow this
general trend.

The drought had the opposite effect on the price of livestock, however.
When grain prices rose last summer, many cattle and hog producers found
they could no longer afford to feed their livestock.

This caused a glut of meat on the market, and the lowest prices in
recent years.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

Training programme on Sub-Mission on Agriculture Extension organized

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: JAMMU


JAMMU, Jan. 28 -- The Department of Agriculture Jammu organized a one day
training programme for farmers of Ramban, Udhampur and Jammu districts under
Sub-Mission on Agriculture Extension (SMAE-ATMA) which was inaugurated by
Director Agriculture, Ashok Kumar Malhotra.

Speaking on the occasion, Malhotra advised the farmers to learn latest technical
and scientific aspects of apiculture, Vegetable and mushroom cultivation and
adopt the same to increase their farm income. He asked them to make use of every
opportunity to get information with regard to different farmers welfare schemes
and incentives and come forward to fulfill the mission of the government to
double the farmer's income by 2022. He further asked the farmers to diversify
their farming through adoption of income generating ventures like apiculture,
mushroom cultivation, vegetable growing especially under Protected Cultivation
and vermi-compost making for which department is providing guidance, training
and various incentives.

Dr. Sachin Gupta, Associate Professor (Plant Pathology), Dr. Uma Shankar,
Assistant Professor (Entomology) from SKUAST-J and other Resource Persons from
the department delivered lectures on round the year cultivation of mushroom,
value addition in mushroom & vegetables, apiculture and Plant Protection
Measures for various agricultural crops and seed production.

The farmers were also taken for an exposure visit to the Naturally Ventilated
Poly Green House structure where protected cultivation of vegetables being done
by the department was shown to them to motivate them in this venture.

Earlier, Bulesh Zutshi, Deputy Director of Agriculture (Trainings) briefed the
participants about the awareness generation and skill development schemes of the
department.

The programme was followed by farmers-scientists interaction in different
districts of Jammu Division.

H. K. Razdan, Joint Director of Agriculture (Extension), C. M. Sharma, Deputy
Director of Agriculture (Central) and Arun Gupta and Farm Management Specialist
were also present on the occasion.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Images. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 15, 2014 Saturday

US Showcases Agricultural Partnership

LENGTH: 319  words

DATELINE: Lahore


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo.

The U.S. pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the
agriculture sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and
income for farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability. The two-day
exhibition in Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.

The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers. The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion
programs administered by the U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.

Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan. USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018.

USAID programs help boost Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing
advanced farming technologies, services, and practices; building additional
irrigation infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.
The United States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more
than 370,000 acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the
incomes of more than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one
million acres by 2016.

USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access financing, form partnerships,
and tap into more lucrative markets. These programs are helping Pakistani
farmers to leverage new private sector agriculture investments.

They have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in obtaining more than $60 million
in new agriculture product export orders.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             March 14, 2014 Friday

U.S. showcases agricultural partnership

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The United States has showcased its long-standing support for Pakistan's
agriculture sector with a pavilion at the Dawn Sarsabz Agri Expo.

The U.S. pavilion highlights initiatives that are helping modernize the
agriculture sector, improve value chains and market access, increase yields and
income for farmers, and ensure the sector's sustainability.  The two-day
exhibition in Lahore, inaugurated today, is open to the public.


 The Expo's U.S. Pavilion features a number of U.S. Agency for International
Development (USAID) assistance programs that help build Pakistan's export
capacity, especially in the areas of small- and medium-sized agri-businesses and
agricultural producers.


 The U.S. Pavilion also represents trade promotion programs administered by the
U.S. Departments of Agriculture and Commerce.


 Supporting economic growth and agriculture sector development are top U.S.
priorities in Pakistan.  USAID agriculture programs are helping to increase
employment and incomes for an estimated 1.1 million rural families, representing
approximately 7.5 million Pakistanis, by 2018.


USAID programs help boost Pakistan's agricultural productivity by introducing
advanced farming technologies, services, and practices; building additional
irrigation infrastructure; and introducing improved water management practices.


The United States has provided funding for irrigation systems that serve more
than 370,000 acres of farmland in Pakistan; these systems have increased the
incomes of more than 800,000 farmers, with the goal of irrigating a total of one
million acres by 2016.  USAID also helps Pakistan's agribusinesses access
financing, form partnerships, and tap into more lucrative markets.


 These programs are helping Pakistani farmers to leverage new private sector
agriculture investments.  They have created 9,000 new jobs and assisted in
obtaining more than $60 million in new agriculture product export orders.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            February 5, 2013 Tuesday

Q1 launch of agri program eyed (PRDP seeks to raise rural folks' incomes)

BYLINE: Raymond Jun R. Portillo

SECTION: Pg. S1/6

LENGTH: 672 words


THE AGRICULTURE department targets to launch this quarter a six-year project
costing more than $600 million that will help improve the lives of farmers and
fishermen nationwide, a government official yesterday said.

Agriculture Secretary Proceso J. Alcala said the Agriculture department will
launch the Philippine Rural Development Program (PRDP) this month or in March.

"We are fully prepared to implement this project and we are only waiting for the
NEDA Board to give us the go signal," Mr. Alcala told reporters at the sidelines
of a World Bank appraisal of the PRDP.

The National Economic and Development Authority Board will meet either this
month or in March.

PRDP aims to replicate the Mindanao Rural Development Program (MRDP) nationwide.
Mr. Alcala said the MRDP program was able to increase the household income of
poor farmers and fishermen by 16.7%.

The World Bank's week-long appraisal of the PRDP focuses on the assessment of
key technical, institutional, economic, financial, environmental and social
aspects of the project. It will also assess the Agriculture department in terms
of its readiness to implement the project, a document from the department read.

"PRDP is designed to increase farmers' and fishermen's income through
investments in climate-smart physical and ecological infrastructure and in
broad-based, value-adding enterprises," Mr. Alcala said.

The project will be funded by the Agriculture department, local government units
(LGUs), the United Nations Development Program (UNDP) and the World Bank.

The DA will provide P6.7 billion for this year while the World Bank will provide
a $500 million loan to the Philippine government for the entire project
duration. The UNDP-Global Environment Facility will provide a $7 million grant.

Mr. Alcala said the program will require LGUs to submit project proposals to the
Regional Advisory Board, which will decide whether the projects meets the
criteria they have set.

"In order for a project to be approved by the Regional Advisory Group, it must
aim to increase the income of farmers or fishermen and it should also address
the effects of climate change," Mr. Alcala said.

Once approved, the project will be implemented and 10% of the project cost will
be shouldered by the LGU.

In an interview yesterday, World Bank Lead Rural Development Specialist Carolina
V. Geron said LGUs "are also in charge of the feasibility study and making sure
that the project is sustainable and properly monitored."

Mr. Alcala said PRDP has four components:

     ·    * I-PLAN or investments in Agriculture and Fisheries Modernization
          Plan (AFMP) planning at the local and national levels


     ·    * I-BUILD or "intensified" building up of infrastructure and logistics
          for development.


     ·    * I-REAP or investments in rural enterprises and agriculture and
          fisheries productivity.


     ·    * I-SUPPORT or the implementation of support programs for the PRDP


The Agriculture department, through PRDP, is targeting to build 2,343 kilometers
farm-to-market roads and bridges costing around P12.69 billion. The project will
also aim to support the department's Food Staple Sufficiency Program through the
construction and rehabilitation of some 30,000 hectares of irrigation systems.
It is also expected to create some 5.902 million jobs for the duration of the
project.

"We are also partnering with other government agencies for the effective and
efficient implementation of the project," Mr. Alcala said.

The Trade department will provide the Agriculture department the access to value
chain analysis studies and technical assistance on enterprise development. The
Social Welfare department will provide support to target beneficiaries (farmers
and fishermen) through its conditional cash transfer program.

Science and Technology department of will provide access to research facilities.

The Department of Public Works department will provide technical assistance in
the design of farm-to-market roads and bridges while the Agrarian Reform
department will ensure the harmonization of priority areas to prevent project
duplication.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 2, 1987, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Farm income fall seen in '87 despite $1-billion grains aid

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


   EDMONTON (CP) - Net farm income in Alberta is expected drop by 29 per cent to
$501.6 million this year, even though the federal government is pumping $1
billion into the Canadian farm economy through its special grains program.

The federal Agriculture Department reports the $1 billion will keep net farm
income, what farmers have left after they pay their bills, at 1986 levels - but
not in all provinces.

The department said the program will lead to a 34-per-cent increase in
Saskatchewan, but farm incomes in Manitoba and Alberta will fall by 21 and 29
per cent, respectively.

For the country as a whole, the department predicted a 1.8-per-cent increase in
net farm income to $4.7 billion.

An earlier forecast by the department, released before the $1-billion grains
program was announced in December, predicted a decline of 63.8 per cent in
Alberta's net farm income, compared with a national drop of 18 per cent.

Downward pressure

"It's a marked improvement from what it was before," said Wayne Jones, the
department's chief of agricultural resources.

Jones said the expected drop in Alberta is largely the result of the downward
pressure on grain prices brought on by a worldwide glut and an export-subsidy
war between the United States and the European Economic Community (EEC).

"Right across the Prairies the grain sector is depressed, even with government
assistance," he said in a telephone interview from Ottawa.

Jones said the 34-per-cent increase, to $849.1 million, in Saskatchewan - the
second highest increase in the country - results because farmers in that
province had particularly poor crops in 1986.

"It doesn't mean they're going to ride high," he said. "They're just rising from
a lower level."

Manitoba's net farm income is expected to drop to $362.1 million, the second
worst percentage drop in the country. British Columbia's is forecast to increase
by 19.3 per cent to $272.2 million.

Prince Edward Island leads the increases with a projected 50.5-per-cent rise to
$61.4 million.

For the country as a whole, total farm cash receipts are expected to increase to
$20.4 billion from $20.2 billion. But in Alberta, total cash receipts are
expected to dip to $3.67 billion from $3.72 billion in 1986.

"There's a lot of trouble out there," said John Oberg, a co-ordinator for the
National Farmers Union in Alberta, who predicted there will be 1,600 farm
failures in the province this year.

"I would see a major exodus from farms," he said. "People are leaving more
quietly, because they are afraid if they hang on until they get kicked off it
will be worse for them."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 5, 1985 Wednesday

Farmers' income rises by 30%

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 536 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
 Farm income rose by an average of 30 per cent in 1984, but farm spokesmen
 say the increase was too small to set the industry back on its financial
 feet.

"The bankruptcy figures are still well above normal," said David Kirk,
executive secretary of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. "Farmers  will
need two or three more years like this to pay off their debts."     Mr. Kirk was
commenting on Statistics Canada figures showing that  farmers took home
$4.25-billion in 1984. This topped 1983's realized net  income by $1-billion and
was nearly $400-million higher than the previous  record set in 1981.

Manitoba farmers received the greatest increase - 76 per cent - but
 farmers in Quebec, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia and
 Newfoundland will all earn 40 per cent more on average than they did in
 1983.

Farm incomes rose by 13 per cent in Ontario, the lowest increase of any
 province.

Prairie incomes were far higher than federal economists expected thanks
 to government payouts that compensated for damage caused by a disastrous
 drought last summer. Farmers received $223-million from the federal
 Western Grain Stabilization program and an extra $100-million in crop
 insurance.

Markets remained dismal for many western grains, but that wasn't the
 case for all commodities. The price of canola rose to record highs, giving
 western farmers an extra $217-million in take-home pay. Eastern Canadian
 farmers benefited from the buoyant markets in hogs, poultry and milk.

Saskatchewan and Alberta farmers also raised their cash flow this year
 by deferring $100-million in taxes and by drawing down their grain
 inventory by about $350-million.

Mr. Kirk said the financial state of the industry has not improved as
 much as the income figures would indicate. The 1984 income is the lowest
 since 1971 if inflation is taken into account.
    "Thank goodness, the grain payments came through," he said. "The basic
 farm outlook is still very poor."
    Wayne Jones, an economist with the federal Department of Agriculture,
 said the income figures were misleading because they followed two years
 when incomes were very low.

Realized net income fell to $3.3-billion in 1983 from $3.9-billion in
 1981.

The number of farm bankruptcies is still higher than normal,
 particularly in the west. However, the crisis appears to have passed in
 Ontario and Quebec, and the financial situation is improving.

FARM NET INCOME
                              ($MILLION)
                         1984           1983           % CHANGE
  NFLD.                   11.0            7.8              41.0
  P.E.I.                  52.5           41.6              26.2
  N.S.                    68.4           47.8              43.1
  N.B.                    58.8           42.9              37.1
  QUEBEC                 764.6          544.7              40.4
  ONTARIO              1,108.6          983.2              12.8
  MANITOBA               354.9          200.9              76.6
  SASKATCHEWAN         1,032.3          734.5              40.5
  ALBERTA                625.5          535.1              16.9
  B.C.                   175.7          123.3              42.5
  CANADA               4,252.2        3,261.8              30.4

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       July 22, 2016 Friday 1:15 PM  EST

DOUBLING INCOME OF FARMERS

LENGTH: 243  words


NEW DELHI, July 22 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

During the presentation of Budget for 2016-17, Union Finance Minister has stated
that "We are grateful to our farmers for being the backbone of the country's
food security. We need to think beyond food security and give back to our
farmers a sense of income security. Government will, therefore, reorient its
interventions in the farm and non-farm sectors to double the income of the
farmers by 2022". To achieve the target of doubling of income of farmers by
2022, a Committee has been constituted under the Chairmanship of Additional
Secretary, Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers Welfare for the
following aspects:-

i) To study the current income level of farmers/agricultural labourers

ii) To measure the historical growth rate of the current income level

iii) To determine the needed growth rate to double the income of
farmers/agricultural labourers by the year 2021-22

iv) To consider and recommend various strategies to be adopted to accomplish
(iii) above

v) To recommend an institutional mechanism to review and monitor implementation
to realise the goal

vi) To examine any other related issue. This information was given by the
Minister of State for Agriculture & Farmers Welfare, Shri. Parshottam Rupala in
Rajya Sabha today. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

Centre set to follow 'Madhya Pradesh model' to help farmers

BYLINE: milind ghatwai

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Inspired by a scheme conceived by the Shivraj Singh Chouhan-led Madhya Pradesh
government - to provide minimum income to farmers even when their crops fail or
the price of their produce nosedives - the NDA government is planning to
introduce a crop insurance scheme on similar lines.

At an event in Bhopal on Tuesday, Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh
said the central government will launch a new crop insurance scheme next year
which will provide minimum income to farmers.

Singh praised Chouhan for the "pro-farmer initiatives" undertaken by the state
government as well as the double digit agriculture growth rate the state has
achieved in the last few years. The MP government is set to introduce, on a
pilot basis, an Agriculture Income Assurance Scheme in a few districts. The
scheme will not be based on agricultural yield of individual farmers but it will
ensure that farmers get an assured income to compensate for crop damage or price
fluctuations, said Chouhan.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                                 April 11, 2014

Agriculture Ministers Condemn Unnecessary Loss, Waste of Good Food

LENGTH: 267 words


Agriculture ministers from across Europe and Central Asia have called on private
sector to take the lead in preventing unnecessary loss and wastage of food as
populations expand and food requirements continue to rise.

The ministers while calling on private and public sectors actions, said the
world cannot afford to continue squandering one third of total agricultural
production.

In a paper prepared for the session, FAO examined food losses and waste in the
region, comparing low-, middle- and high-income countries, and looking at seven
different supply chains: dairy, fish, meat, fruits and vegetables, oil crops and
pulses, roots and tubers, and cereals.

Notable differences in the patterns of food losses and waste were found
depending on income levels. Most of the losses in the developed countries occur
at the consumption stage, while in the middle and low-income countries the
largest losses occur at the production and post-harvest stages of the value
chain .

Bread is taken as an example. Over-supply, purchasing capacity and consumer
preference for fresh bread - as well as higher discard rates of other cereal
products - result in nearly 25 percent wastage of cereal products in high-income
countries.

In middle-income countries, levels of waste fall to 8.5 percent, and in low-
income countries as low as 5 percent. Another source of food waste is aesthetic
standards, and consumer preference for products with a longer remaining shelf
life.

Consumer behaviour is only part of the picture, however. Significant levels of
food loss can occur at farm level, during storage, transport and processing.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      January 31, 2014 Friday 8:57 AM GMT

Farmers milking it as incomes soar

BYLINE: By David Elliott

SECTION: BUSINESS NEWS

LENGTH: 689 words


A hike in the price of milk has been hailed as the reason income from Northern
Ireland's farming industry soared by a third in 2013, according to new data.

Agriculture made £298m for the economy last year, a £75m uplift on the take for
2012, according to the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development.

A boost in the value of milk, a subsector of the industry which is by far the
most popular form of farming here, was behind much of the boost despite the
volume of milk produced remaining unchanged.

But despite the improving fortunes, the figures show farmers here are still
heavily reliant on Brussels to remain profitable.

The European Union paid farmers £259m in 2013 as part of the Single Farm
Payment, an annual subsidy paid on an acreage basis.

Without the payment, which comes under the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP), the
industry would have made just £39m.

Its reliance on Brussels is an issue which hasn't gone unnoticed by Agriculture
Minister Michelle O'Neill (below).

"The importance of CAP support in the farm income figures is clear, with Single
Farm Payments accounting for 87% of total income," she said. "With every reform
of CAP, the threat of reductions in direct payments grows and I believe we must
work to improve the long-term competitiveness of our industry in order to reduce
our exposure on this front."

Still, the boost to farm incomes is impressive, particularly after the difficult
weather conditions faced by farmers through the year.

Output in every sector, from milk to beef to pigs to sheep to poultry, increased
during the year with total output topping £1.9bn, up 10% on the year.

Rising costs, which have been eating into margins over the last few years, were
also an issue but to a lesser extent this year. The total cost of production was
£1.5bn, up by 9% on the year.

The improving picture meant farm business reported a healthy increase in income
on the year.

Across all farm types it is expected to reach £30,976 in 2013-14, up £11,640 on
the year. Incomes for cereal farmers are expected to fall because of lower grain
prices, ironically a factor which will benefit livestock farmers.

Incomes vary across sectors with dairy farmers expected to bring in £63,000 and
lowland beef and sheep farmers expected to bring in just under £16,000.

The farming minister said these relatively buoyant times should be used as a
time to help plan for a future where EU payments may dwindle.

"As the industry gets back on track, we need to turn our attention to the
longer-term challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. It is time to begin to
take a more farsighted view on where we as an industry are and where we want to
go."

Executive support vital for growth

                     By Harry Sinclair

Things did not get off to a good start last year, farm incomes had dropped by
over 50% in 2012 and farmers were faced with one of their biggest challenges as
margins were hit hard with possibly the worst snow storm that Northern Ireland
has experienced in over 60 years.

However, the good summer and mild autumn/winter weather definitely helped to
alleviate some of the damage caused and that combined with increased farm gate
prices for our main commodities has helped the industry to recover from what was
a very difficult and trying time for many. According to the figures, the
estimated value of the 2013 Single Farm Payment equated to £259m which accounts
for 87% of the total income.

This really emphasises the importance of the Single Farm Payment to farmers and
exemplifies that the marketplace alone would not deliver the proper returns to
producers.

Therefore, it is vital that under the next CAP reform, CAP support is targeted
at productive agriculture which is something the UFU has been pushing for under
the new CAP arrangements. In addition, if we are to grow the industry by 60% to
£7bn by 2020 and meet the ambitious targets set out within the Agri-food
Strategy Board's 'going for growth' report, additional support from the Northern
Ireland Executive will also be crucial going forward.

Harry Sinclair is Ulster Farmers' Union president

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2014 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             April 6, 2013 Saturday

Badal for State's farm prices commission

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, April 6 -- In a bid to encourage crop diversification, Punjab
Government is considering setting up of State Costs and Price Commission for
crops like soyabean and pulses and offering state MSP on these crops.

CM Parkash Singh Badal has asked the state agriculture department to consider
setting up of a State Costs and Price Commission on the lines of Centre's
Commission for Agriculture Costs and Prices (CACP) to work out cultivation cost
of crops like soyabean, pulses, maize.

Badal also called upon the Chairman of Punjab State Farmer's Commission Dr GS
Kalkat to work out the modalities for optimum utilization of the Solar energy in
various Agricultural operations with a twin objective of benefitting the farmers
by ensuring uninterrupted supply of quality power on one hand and saving
abundant electricity on the other. Unveiling the draft state Agriculture Policy,
Badal also asked them to see the possibility of offering MSP to farmers for
these crops. He also asked officers to conduct a thorough study of cropping
pattern in the state so that area wise thrust could be given to alternatives of
wheat and paddy for enhancing farmers' income.

The Punjab government has been stressing on crop diversification in the state to
reduce area under traditional crops like paddy in a bid to raise farmers' income
and prevent ground water table declining and solid degradation. The state has
planned to reduce area under paddy from 28 lakh hectares to 16 lakh hectares in
next six years and shift this area to maize, cotton, vegetables, pulses, fruits
etc.

Dwelling on the need for making agriculture more viable venture by increasing
the profitability of the farmers, the Chief Minister said that in the current
scenario efforts should be made on war footing to promote agriculture
diversification.

Reiterating the commitment of the state government to bail out the beleaguered
peasantry of the state from ongoing agricultural crisis, he said that for this
thrust should be laid on the development of dairy, fisheries, poultry, goatry,
piggery and other allied agriculture activities to benefit the farmers by
enhancing their income.

Mr Badal said that in order to formulate a comprehensive action plan for the
development of these agriculture allied activities the active participation of
the farmers at the grass root level was necessary. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Pioneer. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          September 25, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Farmers to take (EURO)6,000 income hit as minister shelves eco-friendly scheme

BYLINE: Aideen Sheehan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 766 words


SOME 13,000 farmers will take an income hit of nearly (EURO)6,000 each next year
due to the decision not to operate a new environmental farming scheme next year.

As the Ploughing Championships opened in Ratheniska, Co Laois, Agriculture
Minister Simon Coveney confirmed yesterday there would be no new
agri-environmental scheme in 2014 to cater for the 13,000 farmers leaving the
Rural Environment Protection Scheme (REPS) in coming weeks. A massive crowd of
81,000 people attended yesterday, up 56pc on the 52,000 who attended last
year''s opening day in New Ross, Co Wexford.

The Irish Farmers Association (IFA) warned that this would cut many low-earning
farmers' incomes in half even though many worked in conservation zones with
stringent environmental restrictions. Average earnings from the scheme were
(EURO)5,800 a year for ecofriendly measures such as planting hedgerows or
keeping a lower number of animals.

Mr Coveney acknowledged that many farmers currently coming out of REPS relied on
those payments for "a significant part of their income".

He said that a comprehensive new EU environmental scheme would be put in place
from 2015 as part of reforms of the Common Agricultural Policy.

"Farmers will get real security from that in terms of knowing what a
comprehensive environmental scheme looks like for the next five years as opposed
to trying to put a makeshift scheme in place for next week," he said.

IFA rural chairman Flor McCarthy demanded a "lifeline" for the 13,000 farmers
exiting REPS to extend the scheme for another year.

While there is another environmental scheme called AEOS (Agri Environment
Options Scheme) in place for 20,000 farmers, Mr Coveney's decision means no new
applicants will be able to join it or any similar scheme next year.

Challenges AEOS provides lower payments averaging (EURO)3,200 each per year.

The IFA said around 3,500 farmers had been refused access to this scheme this
year as funding was capped and it should at least be opened to them.

President Michael D Higgins said that helping young farmers to get land was the
greatest challenge facing modern agriculture. Speaking at the official opening
of the Ploughing Championships, he said Irish farming had changed profoundly
since it was last held in Ratheniska in 1943 with many new challenges. "Enabling
young farmers to access the land they need to make a living in agriculture is
the greatest of all of these challenges," he said.

"The current age structure of Ireland's farming population is a big issue. Only
six per cent of Irish farmers are under the age of 35."

By contrast, 51pc of farmers were over 55 and and nearly a third were over 65 -
but only a tiny fraction of land changed hands each year.

"Too many farmers have no designated person to whom they plan to transfer the
farm," Mr Higgins said. "Yet at the same time, many young farmers want to take
up farming and they are more and better and fully qualified to do so, but often
they cannot find land. Very little farmland is sold in Ireland in any given year
- less than 0.5 per cent."

Mr Coveney said he was committed to introducing innovative measures in the
budget on farm taxation and also to support farmers in vulnerable sectors.

He has to secure savings of (EURO)53m in his department in the budget, with
(EURO)28m to be cut from current spending.

Traffic moved very well to the ploughing championships and there will be no
changes necessary today, said Garda Superintendant Yvonne Lundon.

"It moved really smoothly. Everything kept moving and there were no hold-ups,"
she said.

The site was very well positioned at the centre of a number of major road
junctions, she said, paying tribute to the gardai who were on duty since 5.30am
and the public for heeding their directions to keep the huge crowds moving.

RESULTS DAY ONE 3 FURROW CONVENTIONAL 1. James Prendergast, Waterford 2. Eamon
Meade, Laois 3. Kieran McGee, Monaghan STANDARD 3 FURROW CONVENTIONAL 1. Patrick
Cooley, Wexford 2. Ned Conway, Kilkenny 3. Matthew Coakley, Cork UNDER 28
CONVENTIONAL 1. Kieran Coakley, Cork 2. Brendan Greene, Laois 3. Sean Monaghan,
Longford UNDER 28 REVERSIBLE 1. Ger Coakley, Cork 2. Eric Wickham, Wexford 3.
Dermot Ryan, Offaly INTERMEDIATE CONVENTIONAL 1. Padraig Brandon, Laois 2. Eamon
Burke, Galway 3. Alan Davis, Laois INTERMEDIATE REVERSIBLE 1. Patsy Condron,
Laois 2. Karl Davis, Laois 3.Tommy McCarthy, Kerry, 3. Paddy Harrington, Cork
East VINTAGE 2 FURROW TRAILER 1. Liam Prendergast, Waterford 2. Bertie Murray,
Carlow 3. Aeneas Horan, Kerry UNDER 40 HORSE PLOUGH 1. David King, Louth 2.
Gerard Collins, Cork 3. Jeremiah Delaney, Cork

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Minister Coveney admitted many farmers relied on the payments
Clockwise from above: Kathleen Hargroves blowdries 'Ballydavis Gorgeous' at the
Ploughing Championships: President Michael D Higgins meets and greets; and a
snapshot of the huge crowd that attended yesterday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

'Budget a step in right direction'

BYLINE: ramesh chand

LENGTH: 621  words


The agriculture sector and farmers are facing a difficult period. The average
annual growth rate of value added in agriculture has dropped to 1.8% during the
first four years of the 12th Plan, and prices of most of crops received by
farmers have remained depressed despite poor harvest during 2014-15 and 2015-16.

The country is facing adverse weather, including deficient rainfall, for the
fourth season in a row. This has led to a sharp slowdown in farm incomes, and
also caused concerns about food security and the sector's future.

The sector needs reforms, new policy initiatives, increased private sector
participation, higher investments, competitive markets, new forms of
institutions and mechanisms, and science-based modernisation. This is a tall
order for a single budget, but it can set the direction for change.

Watch video: The Big Picture Of Arun Jaitley's Budget 2016
(http://youtu.be/DJ8oMCnSAkI)

The Finance Minister's budget speech indicates the Centre's seriousness to fix
problems facing the farm sector and put it on a trajectory of sustainable,
stable growth. Major initiatives focus on irrigation, risk cover and
compensation for crop losses, remunerative prices for farmers, enhanced supply
of institutional credit, increase in market competitiveness, convergence of
MGNREGA with PMKSY, promotion of organic farming, raising production of pulses,
creation of rural infrastructure and linking agriculture to non-agriculture
through Rurban growth clusters.

The budget has accorded highest priority to agriculture infrastructure. It
proposes to give a thrust to public investments to expand irrigation, harness
traditional water resources, develop rural roads and electrification, create
warehouses and develop and upgrade agri markets.

The government has also announced that the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana will
be implemented from kharif 2016-17. The new scheme involves lesser premium by
farmers, expansion in coverage of loss, higher claims and increased penetration.

Agriculture markets in India are fragmented and suffer from poor
competitiveness, low efficiency and low scale. A unified agricultural marketing
e-platform requires states to undertake major market reforms. This will
modernise market operations and bring competitive prices to farmers. Benefits to
farmers are already evident from markets in Karnataka operating under the
e-platform.

In tune with concerns raised in the Economic Survey, the budget recognises the
need to break stagnation in production of pulses and announces incentives in the
form of price guarantee for pulses such as paddy and wheat.

That the solution to many agricultural problems lies outside agriculture has
been ignored till now. There is a need to take agri-business investments as well
as agro-based industry and services to rural areas to provide employment to farm
workers outside of agriculture. This is the only way to double income of farm
workers.

The budget has included major initiatives to transform agriculture and raise
farm income, but it seems to have missed some small but key aspects such as
agricultural R&D and technology, extension system, seeds sector, farm
mechanisation and land lease reforms.

The biggest challenge to implementing budgetary proposals and getting desired
results is active participation from states. Agricultural marketing,
digitisation of land records, implementation of crop insurance and development
of irrigation comes under the purview of states, while public investments,
resource allocation, credit, investments, trade policy and MSP are decided by
the Centre. Unless the Centre and states work together in the true spirit of
cooperative federalism to achieve agricultural transformation, the goal will
remain half met.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                              May 2, 2013 Thursday

Philippine Daily Inquirer

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 725 words


Asia News Network

Manila

Three years ago Philippine President Benigno Aquino III ran with the battle cry
"Kung walang corrupt, walang mahirap" (If there is no corruption, there will be
no poverty). It served as the cornerstone of his "Straight Path" platform.

Halfway into his term, the president has achieved much, including the stellar
economic growth that has earned the country an investment-grade credit status
from Fitch Ratings.

This is why the disclosure last week by the National Statistical Coordination
Board (NSCB) that the incidence of poverty has remained unchanged for the past
six years was a big embarrassment to the administration.

Many believe this was the reason Economic Planning Secretary Arsenio Balisacan,
who heads the NSCB, was bumped off the official delegation that flew with the
president to Brunei last Wednesday for the Asean Summit.

The NSCB report said poverty incidence for the first half of 2012 was 27.9 per
cent. Comparing this with the 2006 and 2009 first-semester figures of 28.8 per
cent and 28.6 per cent, respectively, it said poverty remained unchanged as the
computed differences were not statistically significant.

The NSCB noted that in terms of income distribution, 20 per cent of the
population (or the poorest segment) accounted for only 6 per cent of the total
national income, while the upper 20 per cent accounted for nearly 50 per cent.

All efforts to address poverty will be for naught if the government continues to
neglect agriculture. In a paper written in November 2008, Balisacan presented
facts that remain true to this day: despite the relatively rapid pace of
urbanisation in the past 20 years, poverty in the Philippines is still largely a
rural phenomenon. Two of every three poor persons are in rural areas and mostly
dependent on agricultural employment and incomes. Poverty incidence in
agricultural households is roughly thrice that in the rest of the population.
While agriculture's share in the total labour force has dropped from about half
in the late 1980s to only a little more than a third by the mid-2000s, the
sector continues to account for about 60 per cent of total poverty.

Last week, Balisacan was reported as saying that the visible underemployment in
agriculture was a persistent problem that always came up in labour survey
results.

"This means that agriculture sector workers work less than 40 hours a week,
perhaps because there isn't much demand for labour in their areas, and they are
looking for additional work, possibly because the wages they receive are not
enough to meet their needs. If the problem of visible underemployment in
agriculture is addressed, then incomes of farmers would increase, poverty
incidence would decrease, and we would not be compromising food security," he
said.

The government should convince the private sector to invest in agriculture. It
can start with the coconut industry, where, according to National Anti-Poverty
Commission chief Joel Rocamora, the 70-billion peso (US$1.7 billion) coconut
levy fund is available to spur farmers' production.

Also, the government can improve the agriculture sector by simply coordinating
with Agriculture Secretary Proceso Alcala, who has a number of programmes and
projects that need only official support to get implemented.

At a recent roundtable with the Inquirer's business section, Alcala cited a
quedan system that allows coconut farmers to take part in value-added production
from coco sugar to coco biodiesel through cooperative- and joint-venture-type
arrangements, and the expansion of the programme under which farmers may borrow
funds using an ATM card, to cover the top 20 rice-producing areas nationwide.

In the next three years, the Aquino administration hopes to cut poverty
incidence to 16.6 per cent, or half the 1991 rate of 33.1 per cent. It had
better start aggressively addressing the issues stunting agriculture, otherwise,
it will have no option but to again lower the poverty threshold income (or the
minimum amount required to meet basic food and non-food needs) to meet its goal,
as it did in 2011 when the threshold was lowered from the previous 52 to 46
pesos for every Filipino per day. Yes, this can cut the official number of poor
people, but this is not what we need. We need the government to implement
programmes and policies that will attack the root causes of poverty.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday

New Central insurance for farmers from next year: Min

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, June 17 -- Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh has said that
the Central Government will introduce a new agriculture income insurance scheme
from next year under which farmers' minimum income will be ensured. He said that
the Central Government is committed to ensuring prosperity to the villages, the
poor and the farmers.

Singh was addressing the concluding function of a two-day national conference on
crop insurance here on Tuesday. The seminar was held on the initiative of Chief
Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan to frame a new crop insurance policy in Madhya
Pradesh.

The Union Minister while referring to unprecedented progress of Madhya Pradesh
in agriculture sector said that other States should emulate Madhya Pradesh. He
said that the States have important role in success of farmer-oriented schemes
of the Central Government. Madhya Pradesh has done exceedingly well in this
direction. He said that Madhya Pradesh used budget in a better way in the
interests of the farmers by increasing irrigation capacity in the State. He said
that Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh have done unprecedented work to increase
irrigation capacity.

Singh said that the previous Central Government had done nothing towards soil
health management. The present Central Government has done historic work to make
available soil health cards to the farmers. The previous Government had provided
only Rs 78 crore whereas the Central government led by Prime Minister Narendra
Singh Modi has allocated Rs 568 crore for this.

The Union Minister said that land of farmers will not be acquired. The farmers
will be given Rs 50,000 per hectare for organic farming.

He said that for providing 100 percent relief to farmers in the event of natural
calamities, the quantum of loss has been reduced from 55 per cent to 33 per cent
for assessing crop loss.

Chouhan said that as a pilot project, an assured agriculture income scheme for
farmers will be introduced in next rabi season. He said that farming and farmers
can be saved by providing irrigation facilities, timely supply of seeds and
fertilisers, increasing minimum support price for procurement of agriculture
produce and decreasing cost of farming. In the State, farmers have been provided
assistance worth Rs 12,000 during last financial year.

The Chief Minister said that due to contribution of agriculture sector, Madhya
Pradesh did not face shortage of revenue even in the days of recession and the
State maintained double digit economic growth rate.

Chouhan said that the agriculture sector should be saved if the country's
economy has to be saved. He said that farming and farmers can be saved by
providing irrigation facilities, timely supply of seeds and fertilisers,
increasing minimum support price for procurement of agriculture produce and
decreasing cost of farming. In the State, farmers have been provided assistance
worth Rs 12,000 during last financial year.

Referring to the format of the new crop insurance policy, the Chief Minister
said that it should benefit the farmers and not the insurance companies or
banks. The crop insurance policy should be farmer-centric since crops are the
life of the farmers. He said that the crop insurance policy should be simple so
that the farmers can understand it easily, take full advantage of it and pay
premium without any difficulty. He said that previous insurance policies were
neither in the interests of the farmers nor lucrative. They could not meet their
objective since the policies were not effective.

Secretary of Akhil Bharatiya Kisan Sangathan Dinesh Kulkarni said that the
procurement system of Madhya Pradesh should be replicated in the entire country.
He said that constitution of a commission should also be considered to ensure
guaranteed income to the farmers.

Principal Secretary Agriculture Rajesh Rajora informed about the recommendations
of the conference. He discussed the proposed draft of the crop insurance policy
and informed about the suggestions given by experts of agriculture and insurance
sectors.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      December 11, 1998, Friday, Edition 1

FARMS IN CRISIS GET CASH RESCUE

BYLINE: Valerie Lawton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 986 words


$1.5 billion will ease the 'stress'

 Aid
 Aid package to ease mounting farm crisis



 OTTAWA BUREAU
 OTTAWA - Canadian farmers will get up to $1.5 billion emergency
 aid package to help them survive the worst crisis they've faced
 since the Great Depression.
 ''This package will go a good way towards relieving that
 stress,'' Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief said yesterday after
 receiving cabinet approval for up to $900 million in new federal
 money.
 The money will be handed out over two years to farmers who have
 been hit the worst by plunging prices for farm commodities, such
 as hogs and grain.
 Vanclief had few details to offer, saying he still needs to talk
 to provincial governments which will be expected to kick in $600
 million.
 ''I'm confident at the end of negotiations that that will be
 worked out and provinces will be on board with their 40 per
 cent,'' Vanclief said.
 Those negotiations aren't going to be easy.
 Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's agriculture minister, says his
 province can't afford to bail out farmers in his province. He
 points out that Saskatchewan has 3 per cent of the country's tax
 base and 47 per cent of the farm land.
 ''The proportional share per capita here on a 60-40 split across
 this country is way out of range with anybody else in this
 country,'' he told Canadian Press.
 ''This simply isn't fair. This is our ice storm. This is our cod
 stock loss. . . . I'm going to continue to be stubborn on this
 because I am a believer in equity across this country.''
 It's not yet clear when cheques will be mailed to farmers.
 Vanclief has said it won't be until after farmers have filed
 their income tax forms in the spring, but he suggested yesterday
 that talks with the provinces may lead to some money getting out
 earlier than that.
 Ontario Agriculture Minister Noble Villeneuve announced yesterday
 the province will be putting money into the hands of Ontario's
 worst-hit farmers within six weeks. The interim provincial
 package is worth $40 million.
 Villeneuve said Queen's Park will begin paying out ''advance
 funds'' as part of its 40 per cent share in February.
 The initial payments will then be adjusted after final
 calculations are carried out using income tax returns.
 About 4,500 hog producers across Ontario will be eligible for $30
 million by the end of the current fiscal year, next March 31.
 Another $10 million will be paid out in the year beginning next
 April 1.
 Villeneuve said payouts will be capped at yet-to-be-determined
 levels, a move that will shortchange some large, commercial farms
 with shareholders.
 The minister said he'd hoped Ottawa would ante up $1 billion but
 yesterday's announcement is ''close to what we thought it should
 be.''
 Deputy agriculture ministers are expected to meet early next
 week. Vanclief hopes to be able to tell farmers more about what
 kind of help they can expect before Christmas.
 Ken Kelly, vice-president of the Ontario Federation of
 Agriculture, said the cash would help calm nervous farmers as
 well as their jittery suppliers.
 ''It's going to put bankability, or some solidity, into the work
 each farmer and their lenders are going to have to do, whether
 that lender is the feed mill, or the equipment dealer, or the
 bank.''
 A national farm group welcomed the aid, but said it won't be
 enough to save all farmers.
 ''There will be quite a few bankruptcies,'' said Jack Wilkinson,
 president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. ''There are
 people who are already packing it in.''
 Some desperate hog farmers have killed their piglets rather than
 go further into debt by raising them.
 The federation expects help will kick in when a farmer's gross
 margin - a measure of farm income - falls to less than 70 per
 cent of an average over the last three or five years.
 The assistance would bring the gross margin back up to that 70
 per cent level.
 Bill Davies, the Chair of the Grey Bruce Drought Relief Committee
 calls the $40 million earmarked for Ontario farmers a
 ''pittance.''
 ''I can tell you, it won't even cover the losses in our little
 area, but at least it's a start,'' he said.
 Of the 1,000 farmers his committee has surveyed in an
 80-kilometre radius of Owen Sound, 80 per cent have suffered a
 significant impact from drought-like conditions this year.
 Davies also questions the formula of basing the relief on the
 farm's average income for the last three to four years.
 ''Some of our farmers have had some bad years making no profit at
 all, 70 per cent of nothing is nothing,'' he said.
 Farm income in Canada is expected to be down about 20 per cent
 from last year. Next year is expected to be just as bad or worse
 than this one.
 The hardest hit provinces are Saskatchewan, where income has
 plunged 70 per cent, and Manitoba, where it's down 50 per cent.
 In Ontario, pig farmers are losing about $6 million a week.
 Each pig that leaves the farm for market represents a $60 hole in
 a farmer's pocket. It costs $120 to feed and raise an animal
 that's fetching $60.
 World hog prices have collapsed to their lowest levels in three
 decades - in large part because of economic turmoil in Asia and
 Russia.
 Not all farmers are feeling the same pain. Chicken and dairy
 prices, for example, haven't been hit.
 An Agriculture Canada study released this week showed farm
 bankruptcies were actually lower during the first half of this
 year than last year. It also showed the average income of farm
 families is growing faster than that of urban families.
 Agricultural lobby groups have asked for a permanent farm income
 program that would kick in each time disaster strikes.
 With files from Roberta Avery and Canadian Press



LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: CP PHOTO
 LYLE VANCLIEF:
 Agriculture minister, pictured yesterday, seeks provincial co-operation.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 12, 1990 Thursday

Farmers hit by bad news   Government aid cuts to mean less money despite higher
sales

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 538 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press OTTAWA
 Canadian farmers received bad news yesterday when Agriculture Canada
predicted net farm incomes for 1990 will be down 22.5 per cent from 1989.

At the same time, the government is predicting sales of Canadian farm
products will hit record levels this year.

But because of a 36 per cent cut in government program payments and
rising operational costs, many farmers will be hit hard.

Don Knoerr, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said
he was not surprised by the news but said it would mean tough times for
farmers.

"It's just a disaster for Prairie grain producers and particularly when
there are such high interest rates," he said in an interview from British
Columbia.

The prediction came in Agriculture Canada's second-quarter outlook.
Incomes were also down 12.4 per cent in 1989 from record high levels in
1988.

The main reason farm incomes will drop so dramatically this year is the
absence of about $850-million in federal drought relief and millions of
dollars in crop insurance payments made in 1989.

In total, direct government program payments are forecast to be down
$1.3-billion this year, or about 36 per cent from 1989.

Market receipts for 1990 should hit $19.8-billion, an increase of $656-
million over a year ago. But because of lost government aid, plus about
$200-million in increased operational costs, farmers will be a long way
from making ends meet.

Mr. Knoerr said cereal farmers, mostly on the Prairies, will be hardest
hit, and his prediction is backed up by estimates released by the
government.

Net income in Saskatchewan is expected to be down almost 67 per cent
this year, 30 per cent in Alberta and 18 per cent in Manitoba.

The report predicts a 14 per cent drop in Ontario farm income.

Net farm income in Atlantic Canada and Quebec should remain relatively
stable, the report said, while in British Columbia it will actually jump
23 per cent.

Federal officials predicted reduced debt loads carried by most farmers
should mean that in spite of falling incomes and higher interest rates,
most producers should be able to weather the storm without missing loan
payments.

But Mr. Knoerr balked at that idea. He suggested increased debt charges
would continue to cause hardship for farmers and Ottawa would likely be
called upon to help out at the end of the year with more money.

"You're certainly going to see the same sort of pressures at the end of
this year that we saw at the end of last year unless there is a dramatic
improvement in grain prices," he said, adding that Prairie farmers are
especially vulnerable.

Mr. Knoerr said one of the major problems facing grain farmers is that
of the government subsidy war raging between the United States and the
European Community.

In Houston yesterday, leaders from Canada and the six other
industrialized democracies agreed to make substantial, progressive
reductions in subsidies for farmers. Mr. Knoerr said such a move is vital
for Canadian interests.

"It's discouraging because the trade war is continuing and we know it's
having disastrous effects on the Prairies, particularly in Saskatchewan."

"There'll be no resolution of that situation until we get better trade
rules or a change in attitude on the part of the European Community and
the United States."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Manila Times (Philippines)

                              July 20, 2015 Monday

PH agri spending boosts output, farmer incomes

BYLINE: JAMES KONSTANTIN GALVEZ

LENGTH: 982 words


SOURCED FROM CURRENT GLOBAL NEWSPAPERS AND JOURNALS

THE Philippines has started to reap the gains of its massive investments in
agriculture in the form ofincreased production and income of farmers, the
Department of Agriculture (DA) said.

The DA received a total budget of P339 billion from 2011 to 2015, the highest
budget ever allocated to the department in a span of five years. The amount
corresponds to the budget allocated under three previous administrations\x97from
the time of President Ramos in 1994 to the last year of President Arroyo in
2010.

Atty. Emerson Palad, DA undersecretary for field operations and spokesperson,
said that the significant increase in the DA's budget from 2011 to 2015 has
enabled the agency to rationalize its programs, projects and services especially
for smallholder farmers and fishers.

With increased funding, Palad said the government has been able to reach out to
more farmers and fishers in the countryside, working closely and establishing
partnerships with local government units on projects such as irrigation, farm
mechanization, post-harvest facilities, and intensification of the use of
high-quality seeds, fertilizers and other inputs.

These interventions have helped in decreasing production cost and increasing
yields, he said.

For instance, he said that the province of Davao del Sur, which was recognized
as an outstanding province in the Agri-Pinoy Rice Achievers Awards, attributes
its increased rice production to the strengthened support of the national
government.

"The Department of Agriculture and local government units have established a
good relationship. In terms of support and interventions, the Department of
Agriculture has always been there to augment whatever we lack in the province,"
Nally Bangoy, provincial agriculturist of Davao del Sur said.

Output up by volume, value

Similar interventions in Davao del Sur have been implemented in other provinces
to increase productivity, addressing as well needed interventions for other
commodities from crops, livestock and fisheries.

Based on data from Philippine Statistics Authority (PSA), the production of most
farm commodities has increased both by volume and value from 2010 to 2014.

Production volume for palay and corn posted increases of 20.3 percent and 21.9
percent respectively from 2010 to 2014, while production value also improved by
64.7 percent and 44.4 percent, respectively.

The production value of high-value crops such as coconut, sugarcane, banana and
mango, as well as livestock, poultry and fish have likewise increased, the DA
said.

Overall, these commodities registered an average increase in production value of
27.9 percent or P350 billion more than the 2010 total value of P1.25 trillion.

Improved farmer incomes

Palad said the increase in production volume and value has improved the income
of farmers. Rice farmers' income in 2010 and 2013, for instance, has improved
from P15,830 per hectare to P21,910, according to PSA data.

"Aside from increased yield, this income increase of 38.4 percent over three
years\x97or an annual average of 12.8 percent\x97can also be attributed to
increased farmgate palay prices of from P14.87 per kilogram to P16.93 per
kilogram," he added.

Similarly, the net income per hectare for corn farming increased by 65.6 percent
from P5,760 in 2010 to P9,537 in 2013\x97or an annual average growth of 21.9
percent.

Incomes from other crops have likewise continued to improve as the DA implements
its commodity-based banner programs such as the High-Value Crops Development
Program (HVCDP).

Reinvigorating fisheries

Working on a ridge-to-reef principle in agricultural development, the DA has
equally assisted the fisheries sector to increase their productivity, hence
improving the incomes of artisanal fisherfolk who are considered to be the
poorest sector according to the National Anti-Poverty Commission.

Based on DA records, the value of fishery exports that have benefited
smallholder fishers rose from $634 million in 2010 to $1.15 billion in 2013,
with the biggest increase of 42.6 percent happening from 2012 to 2013.

According to the DA's Bureau of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources (BFAR), this was
apparently a result of the effective enforcement of "closed seasons" for certain
fish in specific areas, the massive push for aqua-silviculture, significant
growth of export markets and favorable prices.

Aqua-silviculture involves the growing of fish and other aquatic organisms
within a mangrove area without cutting down a single tree.

Recently, the European Union decided to remove the Philippines from its list of
"yellow card" countries, or those challenged with the implementation of measures
to address illegal, unreported and unregulated (IUU) fishing.

Agriculture Secretary Proceso Alcala earlier said the government has given due
attention to reinvigorating the fisheries sector to make agricultural
development more cohesive and inclusive, targeting those who need assistance
most like the smallholder fisherfolk.

Gains to continue beyond 2016

Alcala is confident that the unprecedented heavy investments in agriculture
under the Aquino administration have been well spent and were worth the benefits
that the country is now reaping and will continue to reap even after the end of
the President Aquino's term in 2016.

"The smallholder-centered, value chain-based and complementary programs on
crops, livestock and fisheries development designed within a multi-stakeholder
convergence framework ensure that we have laid out a strong foundation that
would sustain our gains past this administration," Alcala said.

The DA chief also stressed that the country can expect more gains in the
agri-fishery sector as some of the biggest projects\x97such as farm-to-market
roads, irrigation systems, processing plants and trading centers, among
others\x97have yet to become operational.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: English

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Political/General News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 News Bites Pty Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Leadership (Abuja)

                                August 21, 2014

Building a Viable Economy Through Agriculture [opinion]

BYLINE: Augustine N. Ezeji

LENGTH: 1211 words


Agriculture was the mainstay of the Nigeria economy, before Nigeria joined the
league of oil producing nations in 1958. Before this date, the agricultural
sector was a major employer of labor in Nigeria, with groundnut, cocoa, cotton,
rubber and palm oil the main cash crops produced. And from the Western region
cocoa revenue, Chief Obafemi Awolowo was able to implement his free education
policy throughout the Western region. Then, agriculture constitutes to about 75
percent of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP). Also, Nigeria was a major exporter
of agricultural commodities and earned most of its foreign exchange from
agricultural produce.

But with the discovery of oil at Oloibiri, River State in 1958, and as Nigeria
began to earn fast money from oil sale, agriculture was relegated to the
background. And at present, Nigeria earns about 82 percent of the foreign
exchange from oil alone, when the country has the capacity, to make a
substantial amount of foreign income from a diversify and more secured economy.

The National Bureau of statistics (NBS) reports that about 20.3 million youths
are jobless in the country, while 1.8 million graduates enter the labour market
every year. In addition, the World Bank Statistics put Nigeria among the five
poorest countries in the world due to high rate of unemployment and low per
capita income indices.

And the neglect of agriculture in Nigeria hinders effort at different levels to
reduce poverty and unemployment, and increase food security, as well diversifies
the economy. Several stakeholders at different occasions argue that if not for
lack of credit facilities and negative attitude of many Nigerians to agriculture
, there is no reason for many Nigerians to be unemployed, when there are over 80
million hectares of arable land, abundant water resources, adequate rainfall and
diversified ecological conditions.

The inability to design policies that will create an enabling environment for
both individuals and the private sector to invest in agriculture is a big
problem. And the low budgetary allocation to agriculture portrays a lack of
commitment. Nigeria needs to draw lessons from some of the world fast advancing
economy, such as China, where agricultural development and reforms was a top
priority for the entire government since 1950s. And the steady growth in
agriculture and rural economy was significant to the acceleration of China's
modernization process. China is the second country in the world after the United
States known for spending on agricultural biotechnology.

The Chinese government made funds available for agricultural research and
farmers' education for appropriate training. And to enhance agricultural
research necessary institutions, such as Research and Development Institute and
research universities were created. The institutions focus on discovery and
implementation of new models for seed, fertilizers, and hydraulics. This
strategy helped China improve their efficiency of production and maintain
sustainable agricultural development.

The development of food interment, production and rural income development
agenda in China, which was aimed to create food security, rural stability
surplus income and labour supply, enabled about 250 million peasant farmers with
each using an average of 0.65 hectares to feed a population of 1.3 billion
people. And this greatly contributed to the reduction of poverty in China.

More so, China adopted the land reform policy referred as the Household
Responsibility System- a privately leased land use system, designed to boost the
rural economy and increase farmers' income. The system greatly enhanced food
production as agricultural output grew at 7.9 percent annually. And at present,
China is the world's largest producer of agricultural products. And China's
agricultural sector employs over 400 million people and produces food capable of
feeding about 30 percent of the world population.

And as the Nigeria's agricultural sector becomes more intertwined with the
national economic transformation agenda of President Goodluck Jonathan, it is
very important to give agriculture the required attention to effectively address
the economic and social problems affecting the country.

Provision of fertilizers, herbicides, pesticides and modern farm tools at
subsidized rate, and availability of veterinary doctors, accessible road and
good transport system are necessary steps for agriculture to thrive in Nigeria.
Moreover, a good policy with an accompanying implementation strategy to
facilitate and promote strong private sector investment in agriculture should be
introduced.

Other ideas that should be considered as part of agricultural policies are rural
electrification project and availability of functional irrigation. Nigeria has a
River Basin and Rural Technology Development Authorities (RBDA) that aims to use
irrigation to boost food production, but RBDA seems not to be meeting this
mandate. In order to harness the country's water resources for food sufficiency,
the RBD should meet the agricultural needs associated with water resources.

The implementation of ban policy on importation of certain farm produce, to
encourage the consumption of the local farm produce should be well-supervised.
And there is need to eradicate corruption, such as misappropriation of funds
allocated to the agricultural sector. Also, adequate financing of agriculture in
Nigeria in the form of loans to large and small scale farmers, will boost
agriculture in Nigeria, because finance is the backbone of every worth venture.

While prioritizing agriculture, there is the need to reposition agricultural
research institutes to meet the emerging challenges. For example, more attention
should be given to bio-fortified crops development and distribution. A great
achievement will be recorded in agriculture, if most farmers in Nigeria have
easy access to pro-vitamin A Cassava stem and Maize seed, and improved breeds of
animals for livestock farming.

And apart, from other agricultural world best practices that can be adopted to
reap from the numerous benefits of viable agricultural sector in Nigeria,
farmers should be encouraged to take up agricultural insurance policies, which
will help to re-instate them in times of loss. Knowledge of insurance policies
and other ways to increase agricultural productivity in the country can be
achieved through expansive awareness among farmers.

An effective communication strategy will be required to drive this awareness
campaign. Various communication media in Nigeria may be used to transmit the
information. It is very important to approach the media wisely and design
appropriate messages for both the local small and large farmers- enhancing
agricultural knowledge and attitudinal change among the Nigerian farmers.

If agriculture is given the required attention, apart from the even derivation
of foreign exchange and diversified economy benefits, agriculture will be seen
as an attractive business and millions of jobs would be created in Nigeria. And
this will accelerate development, ensure food security, self-sufficiency and
alleviate poverty in Nigeria.

By Augustine N. Ezeji, a Communication and Research Officer with Rural Africa
Water Development Project, Owerri (ezejiaugustine@yahoo.com)

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 27, 2007 Friday
                                  City Edition

Washington: Will subsidies continue as is? Or will criticisms over tax changes
derail the $286 billion legislation? ;
Vote on farm bill expected today

BYLINE: Chris Casteel, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 831 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - House Democrats pushed the controversial farm bill forward
Thursday, beating stiff resistance from GOP lawmakers who turned against the
legislation this week because of a last-minute tax provision.

The bill is expected to come up for a final vote today.

Though much of the partisan debate late Thursday dealt with a tax provision for
foreign-based companies, Republicans and Democrats from farm states united to
defeat an amendment that would have slashed farm subsidies in the $286 billion
bill, particularly to wealthy farmers and large operations.

The splintered loyalties made for an extraordinary debate on the five-year bill,
as farm-state Republicans both attacked and defended the legislation that
promises billions of dollars for their agricultural producers. Republicans on
the Agriculture Committee wanted to send the measure back to the committee to
remove the tax provision inserted this week, but they didn't want farm subsidy
critics to change the basic elements of the legislation.

Rep. Frank Lucas, R-Cheyenne, one of the senior members on the House Agriculture
Committee, said the tax provision, which he called "a massive tax increase," had
divided farm program supporters along partisan lines after decades of
cooperation on farm bills.

"I never thought I would be on the floor of the House advocating a 'no' vote on
a farm bill," Lucas said Thursday night.

Rep. Collin Peterson, D-Minn., chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, and
other Democrats said they were simply proposing to close a tax loophole that
allows foreign-based companies to shift income to offshore subsidiaries.

Peterson said the bill crafted by the House Agriculture Committee last week
contained "significant reforms" to address criticisms of farm subsidies. He said
the bill would extend the safety net that protects farmers when prices drop
while also investing more money in conservation, nutrition and incentives to
produce ethanol from sources other than corn.

After the tax provision was inserted this week, House Republicans had been
hoping to stall the bill and send it back to the Agriculture Committee.

Democrats united on a procedural vote Thursday night to allow debate on the bill
to proceed. The vote was 222-202.

A partisan dynamic

Insertion of the tax provision this week turned the farm bill into a partisan
battle and totally shifted the dynamics of the debate. The House Agriculture
Committee had approved the bill unanimously last week, with both sides preparing
for pitched battles on the House floor about whether farm subsidies should have
a stricter means test and whether annual payments should have tighter limits.

There was wariness on the part of committee Republicans about a $4 billion
funding hole in the bill and how it would be filled. They said they were assured
it wouldn't be filled with a tax increase.

Rep. Marilyn Musgrave, R-Colo., said Thursday night that committee Republicans
"find ourselves in the awkward position of having to oppose a farm bill that we
helped craft because of the tax increase."

The bill took another hit this week when the White House announced a veto
threat.

U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns said the House bill didn't include
enough subsidy reforms, which cost billions of dollars each year. Numerous
analyses have shown that the substantial majority of the payments go to a small
percentage of farmers, most of which are large operations.

The House bill would prohibit subsidies to anyone with a three-year adjusted
gross income of $1 million or more annually. It would also prohibit subsidies to
people with adjusted gross incomes between $500,000 and $1 million per year
unless two-thirds of their income comes from farming.

The Bush administration had proposed an income limit of $200,000 per year.

Subsidy cuts fail

A House bipartisan group offered an amendment that would set an income limit of
$250,000 and also cap annual payments at $250,000 a year. There is no limit on
how much a farmer can collect each year when crop prices drop. The new bill also
contains no effective limit on payments.

The current farm bill, approved in 2002, contains no real limit on how much a
farmer could collect in a year. The new bill also would not limit payments when
crop prices dropped below targets.

Rep. Ron Kind, R-Wis., who authored the amendment to cut subsidies, said
payments for too long had been going to large operations that "gobble up" their
neighbors' farms.

Farm-state lawmakers, whose districts get the bulk of the payments for "program
crops" such as wheat, cotton, and soybeans, argued that Kind's amendment would
destroy the safety net that lets farmers to weather tough years.

Kind's amendment was defeated by a vote of 117 to 309.

The House did approve an amendment by Lucas that will allow cattle ranchers to
collect disaster aid even if they didn't have insurance. Congress earlier this
year approved $3 billion for farmers and ranchers hurt by a variety of weather
disasters since 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Lassen County Times

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                February 3, 2009

Ag money available

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 148  words


The Lassen County Cattle-Women and Cattlemen are once again offering agriculture
and memorial scholarships to qualified Lassen County students. Applicants must
be graduating seniors of a Lassen County High School or a Lassen County graduate
attending a college or vocational school. Applications have been mailed to all
Lassen County high schools and Lassen Community College students. If any student
needs an application, contact Karen Bradbury, scholarship chairman, at 254-6796.

Students applying for the agriculture scholarship must be enrolling in
agriculture or home economics, but need not be from an agriculture-based family
income.

Students applying for the memorial scholarship must be from a family that either
has historically or currently derived the majority of its income from
agriculture, but can be enrolling in any field of study.

Applications must be post marked by March 30.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2009 Lassen County Times


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 1, 1998, Tuesday, METRO EDITION

Little benefit from exports, farmers say See trade push as unlikely to bolster
their incomes

BYLINE: by Kevin Carmichael CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Peter Dowling won't be on the plane today when the federal
agriculture minister and more than 40 representatives from the agri-food sector
take off on a two-week trade mission to Latin America.

Dowling will be taking care of things down on his farm east of Kingston. That
means tending to a 30-head dairy herd and a few hundred acres of organic
soybeans and wheat.

The push by governments and the country's $90 billion agri-food industry to
break trade records has little to offer guys like him, Dowling says.

Agricultural exports now exceed $22 billion a year, but little of that money
seems to be trickling down to the 276,000 or so small businesses from where it
all originates.

"When you start looking at farmers' incomes and compare them to export farm
products, you find that, well, yes there are the increases in exports, but it's
not making its way to the farm gate," says Dowling, an Ontario co-ordinator with
the National Farmers Union.

"That's the issue that has to be addressed. We can't continue to work for
nothing and export like crazy."

The trade junket to Mexico, Chile and Brazil is part of the federal government's
larger goal of locking up 4 per cent of the world's food exports by 2005.

If that goal is met, Canada would ship $40 billion worth of food around the
world, almost double the current level, which is itself a 67 per cent increase
from the level of trade in 1993.

Federal officials couldn't have picked a more uncertain time to make a trip to
Latin America.

Analysts predict the region's economy could be the next to crumble in the wake
of financial meltdowns in Asia and, most recently, Russia.

And back home, farmers question whether all the business being drummed up is
doing them any good.

It's not only left-leaning farmers like Dowling who are asking the questions.
Doubting voices were also prominent in July at the summer meeting of the
country's largest farm organization, the Canadian Federation of Agriculture.

"The government seems to think it can sell the idea of the market being the only
solution . . . ," federation president Jack Wilkinson was reported as saying.
"But I don't think farmers are going to play that game of being suckered any
more. They're going to demand more and there will be a war to see who wins."

Government data suggest there's another side to the heady trade numbers federal
Minister Lyle Vanclief tosses into his speeches:

* Statistics Canada reported last week that farmers' net cash income rose 9 per
cent last year to $6.9 billion. That was 43 per cent below the record high seen
in 1995.

* The farmers' union, using Agriculture Canada numbers, says that while exports
have doubled, farmers' incomes have increased 1 per cent since 1989.

* Total federal and provincial government spending on agriculture peaked in
1990-91 at more than $9 billion. They spent about half that amount on farmers
last year.

* In 1995, more than half of the average farm family's $53,000 income was
derived from work done off the farm.

All the grumbling over such numbers doesn't mean farmers want to give up on the
export market. Quite the contrary.

Bill Vaags, who raises pigs and grain, wouldn't miss the trip to Latin America
for anything. The domestic market for pork is flat, so producers like Vaags have
to look outside the country to grow. The industry counts on exports for about 40
per cent of its production.

"Any time there's a trade minister going anywhere, we want to be in on the
ground floor. We want to find the possibilities in different countries," says
Vaags, who is also president of Canada Pork International.

Bob Friesen, a vice-president with the agriculture federation, agrees that trade
is good for farmers - to a point.

"The grassroots feeling is that the government should do more than pick a figure
out of the blue and say we should be able to earn 4 per cent of world trade by
such-and-such a year," says Friesen, a Manitoba farmer.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Flamborough Review

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday
                                  ONT Edition

Rural Matters: Food freedom

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 426  words


Keith Currie, Ontario Federation of Agriculture

Few Canadians give their daily food a lot of thought. That's why on Sunday, Feb,
12, we celebrated Food Freedom Day - the perfect occasion to celebrate what we
eat and the farmers who produce our food.

Food Freedom Day marks the calendar date when the average Canadian will have
earned enough income to pay the entire year's grocery bill. Canadians enjoy one
of the lowest-cost "food baskets" in the world. Food Freedom Day in Iceland is
in late February; in Mexico it is in early March.

Canadians enjoy healthy, nutritious and inexpensive food every day, something we
should be celebrating more often. In fact, according to the Canadian Federation
of Agriculture, Canadians only spent 11.8 per cent of their disposable income on
food in 2011. France spent 13.5 per cent of their disposable income to buy food
and Japan spent 14.2 per cent. This data highlights just how important
Canadians' food decisions are to our nation's economic future. Canadian farmers
are producing food that is safe, secure, affordable and of the highest quality.

As Ontario farmers, we take our job of providing food seriously. That's why, on
Food Freedom Day we also raise the importance of securing a sustainable food
system to ensure that we continue celebrating this day year after year. The
Ontario Federation of Agriculture (OFA) is working closely with the Canadian
Federation of Agriculture to develop and implement the National Food Strategy -
a long-term approach to ensure a safe supply of Canadian food for future
generations. Currently being presented to both provincial and federal
governments for consideration, the National Food Strategy establishes a shared
strategic vision for our food system that will serve as a clear guide for public
policy development and private decision-making to secure a sustainable food
system for Canada. This vision is outlined in nine strategic objectives that our
food system must meet to serve the needs of future generations in Canada as well
as the global community.

The National Food Strategy's objectives and outcomes encompass all aspects of
the food value chain - from farmers and processors to distributors and
retailers. These objectives include making Canadian grown and processed products
the first choice for Canadians, ensuring consumers always have access to safe
and nutritious food and positioning Canadian products as the preferred choice of
international markets.

For information on the National Food Strategy and details on the objectives
visit nationalfoodstrategy.ca.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          THE JOURNAL (Newcastle, UK)

                       March 29, 2005, Tuesday Edition 1

Small elite getting the benefits

BYLINE: By Anna Lognonne, The Journal

SECTION: FARMING, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 420 words


   The decline in farm incomes in 2004 highlights the trend towards a small
number of rich landowners and companies dominating the countryside the Liberal
Democrats have warned.

The comments follow the publication of Government figures announcing that total
income for farming in the UK dropped by 8.1pc in real terms in 2004.

Liberal Democrat Shadow Agriculture Secretary Andrew George said: "It is hardly
surprising that farm incomes are so low when supermarkets continue to have them
trapped in such a difficult position. "The prospects for farmers will continue
to be poor while the Office for Fair Trading continues to stand on the
sidelines. The publication of the CAP payments earlier this week demonstrated
that a small elite of already wealthy landowners and businesses, who know how
the system works, get a disproportionate benefit from payments which should help
otherwise viable small farms which exist on the margins of survival."

Agriculture in 2004 was published by Defra and reveals that the Total Income
from Farming [Tiff] fell by 5.4pc, or 8.1pc in real terms, to 3bn.

The farmers' share of a basket of food staples is estimated to have fallen by
25pc in the last 16 years and UK self-sufficiency in food has declined from
73.7pc in the mid 90s to 63.4pc today. The finds part-time workers make up half
the agricultural workforce, compared to a quarter in the 1980s. Incomes are
expected to have fallen for all farm types except dairy and specialist poultry.
But food prices have risen by 11pc since 1995, while prices of all items have
risen by 25pc. Consumers' expenditure on food, drink and catering services
amounted to 152 bn.

Other key findings in the report were:

1] The value of gross output from the agricultural industry including subsidies
directly linked to product, increased by 2.5pc to 16.9bn, while intermediate
consumption rose by 5.4pc due in part to the rise in the oil price, to 9bn.

2] Total subsidies [less levies] paid to farmers rose by 4.5pc to 2.8bn.

3] The average producer price of agricultural products rose by 3.3pc, while
average price of agricultural inputs rose by 6.8pc.

Agriculture in the United Kingdom 2004 reports on farm incomes, the structure of
the industry, prices, each of the main agricultural commodities, the economic
accounts for agriculture, productivity and subsidies. It also includes
information on overseas trade, organic farming, conservation and land
management, and agriculture's impact on the environment.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2005 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            July 24, 1991 Wednesday

Farm income to jump 8%   Forecasted rise mostly reflects extra $400-million
handout

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 314 words


The Globe and Mail
Canadian farm incomes are expected to rise by about 8 per cent this year,
to $3.2-billion. But the jump largely reflects a $400-million increase in
government payments.

In its annual midsummer forecast, the federal Department of Agriculture
estimated that government payments would total $2.3-billion this year, or
71 per cent of realized net income.

This compares with government payments of $1.9-billion in 1990, or 64
per cent of realized net income.

Realized net income is a term used by federal economists to measure a
farm's "profitability." It includes depreciation, but not changes in
inventory.

These government payments cannot be compared with the subsidies and
emergency bailouts that Canadian governments have used in the past. This
year, Ottawa is implementing a new system of subsidized income insurance
plans in which the participating farmer bears a substantial part of the
cost.

These programs will help compensate farmers for the sharp drop in grain
prices this year. World grain markets are so depressed that gross revenue
from field crops is expected to fall 5 per cent to $8.1-billion.

As usual, there is a wide discrepancy in the financial well-being of
the provinces.

This year, farm incomes in New Brunswick and Prince Edward Island are
expected to fall by about 20 per cent because of a drop in potato prices.

The situation in the Prairie provinces will, however, improve. Manitoba
farm income is expected to rise 29 per cent, Saskatchewan's by about 11
per cent and Alberta's by 5 per cent. That will provide some relief for
hard-struck western grain farmers, who suffered income losses of up to 70
per cent in 1990.

The improvement in western incomes may be short-lived, however.

Ottawa warned that international wheat prices are expected to remain
extremely depressed in 1991-92 because of the continuing trade war between
the United States and the European Community.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Crisis as farm incomes crash

LENGTH: 915  words


Farmers' representatives claim "horrendous" new government figures show farm
incomes decimated by over 50 per cent during 2012.

Describing the situation as "one of the worst years for Northern Ireland farm
incomes since the turn of the century," the Ulster Farmers Union (UFU) has said
the implications for the industry's 50,000 jobs is stark.

Released on Thursday by the Department of Agriculture, the figures highlight a
collapse in earnings regarded by some commentators as among the worst in the
country's history.

UFU president Harry Sinclair said many farmers were seriously considering
whether the food supply chain can deliver a sustainable income for them.

He said the food producers were "being taken for granted" by those setting the
prices for produce and added: "Since the middle of last year the UFU have been
highlighting just how bad the situation is for farmers, with costs increasing,
farmgate prices falling and bad weather compounding an already difficult
situation, and yet retailers and processors have refused to respond to the
developing crisis."

For the period in question total income from farming in Northern Ireland
decreased by 50.6 per cent (52.2 per cent in real terms) to £143 million.

This figure takes account of all revenue streams into agriculture - farmgate
returns plus EU subsidies - and the costs incurred by farmers. Total turnover
for agriculture last year amounted to £1.7 billion.

Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill expressed her concern and disappointment
at the fall in farmgate incomes.

"It could be argued that the income estimates published today merely confirm
what everyone in the farming community already knows - that 2012 was an
exceptionally difficult year for farmers. However, the sheer scale of the fall
in incomes is both shocking and deeply concerning," she said.

"During 2012, a number of factors converged to produce what can only be
described as a toxic combination. On top of poor weather conditions throughout
much of the growing season, we had a rise in feed costs and a strengthening of
sterling against the euro which both adversely affected Single Farm Payment
receipts and held back producer prices."

Expressing his shock at the figures, Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) president Harry
Sinclair said: "The scale and extent of the collapse in farm incomes in 2012
will leave many farming families questioning whether the food supply chain will
ever deliver a sustainable income for them.

"Since the middle of last year the UFU has been highlighting just how bad the
situation is for farmers, with costs increasing, farmgate prices falling and bad
weather compounding an already difficult situation, and yet retailers and
processors have refused to respond to the developing crisis.

"While we have seen previous reports about the continuing growth and resilience
of the agri-food industry, it is obvious that whatever benefits have accrued to
the sector, they have completely passed by the farmers who produce its raw
material.

"Government has been relying on the Agri-Food Strategy Board to deliver a
sustainable way forward for the industry but it is now perfectly clear that the
first issue that the board must address is just how long farmers will be able to
continue to produce at below the cost of production. The implication for the
economy and jobs is stark."

Farmers for Action's William Taylor told the News Letter that the scale of the
drop in farm incomes had been widely predicted.

"Local farmers cannot be expected to work for next to nothing," said Mr Taylor.

"A safety net must be provided for farmers which will help deliver sustainable
farmgate returns. And it's up to the EU to deliver on this crucially important
issue. The principle of delivering fair and equitable returns for rural workers
is built into the Lisbon Treaty. Europe must deliver on its commitments to the
farming sector now."

But it is down on the farm where the real pain of recession is now being felt.
Co Down cereal farmer Allan Chambers told the News Letter that last year's grain
yields were down by a third on 2011.

"That works out at a direct income reduction of £50,000," he said. "And I am not
out of the woods yet. The continuous wet weather of recent months has meant that
I could only sow out a fraction of my normal winter cereal acreage.

"And, to be honest, the crops that are in the ground have already taken a real
hit from the very poor weather."

Not surprisingly, local politicians have been quick to react to the publication
of the farm income figures.

Ulster Unionist agriculture spokesperson Jo-Anne Dobson MLA said: "This bitterly
disappointing announcement is the inevitable result of an industry which is
experiencing considerable pressure. For too long now farmers have been squeezed
from all sides by increasing costs and falling farmgate prices.

"It is within Michelle O'Neill's power to take immediate steps to help farmers
and I call on her to swiftly respond to bring help to the industry before it is
too late."

The Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association is calling for the
establishment of a forum that will allow all interested parties - farming
organisations, food processors and retailers - to discuss the challenges now
facing production agriculture.

Meanwhile, Northern Ireland's 30,000-plus farmers have been left to reflect on
the reality that, had it not been for the £250 million of support received from
Brussels last year, their industry would now be in the red to the tune of
£100-plus million.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                               September 19, 1994

CAP reforms are failing to help the most efficient farmers compete

BYLINE: Ian Morrison

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 894 words


A NEW survey, providing the first detailed analysis of how the reforms to the
Common Agricultural Policy have affected farmers' incomes, appears to reveal a
rather worrying situation -- especially for an industry being asked to work in a
more rigorous, market-based environment.

According to figures released by chartered accountants Touche Ross, in the first
year of the new CAP regime the income gap between the most and least profitable
businesses narrowed.

But the trend had more to do with higher subsidies, in the form of direct income
support, helping the less efficient businesses to hang on -- rather than any
general raising of performance within UK agriculture.

Admittedly, the statistics are based on a sample of more than 125,000 acres --
11% of which were in set-aside -- in the predominantly arable east of England.
Whether there has been a similar trend elsewhere in the country has still to be
established. Broadly speaking, however, the picture is unlikely to be that much
different.

"There is no doubt that net farm incomes have risen generally because of the
devaluation of sterling, but the most dramatic benefits have been seen by those
farmers grouped in the bottom 25% of our survey," says Vincent Hedley Lewis,
senior partner with the firm's specialist agricultural division.

"Since we started this survey five years ago this group have always recorded
losses. For harvest 1992, the average loss was £44 an acre. This has turned into
a profit of £17 an acre last year."

For the average farmer, the increased yields in 1993 boosted income by £15 an
acre. However, the top 25% in the Touche in Agriculture sample recorded net farm
incomes of £155 and £162 an acre in the past two years -- a rise of just £7 an
acre.

From that, he concludes: "Our most efficient clients, with their higher yielding
crops, have not been fully compensated by the new regime for the land set-aside
and reduced crop prices. I am concerned that the reforms to date have not done
enough for the most efficient farmers.

"The European Union is moving to a position where its farmers have to compete on
world markets. That means minimising the cost of production is vital, and that's
what the most efficient do best. The CAP clearly aims to boost the rural
economy, but it has no hope of achieving this without encouraging the most
efficient farmers to remain in business."

Touche in Agriculture emphasise that it is not only a matter of subsidies
supporting the average producer. For example, favourable weather conditions
boosted yields dramatically. Winter wheat yields rose from an average of 2.84
tonnes an acre at harvest 1992 to 3.27 tonnes last year. Oilseed rape and
potatoes also showed considerable increases.

Despite the improved returns this year the company say their figures also
contain a warning for the future. Overhead costs continued to rise, despite the
reduced area farmed, because of set-aside.

"Labour and machinery costs have risen inexorably for each of the past five
years," Mr Hedley Lewis points out. "The increase for these two items in 1993
was almost 9% up on 1992. Taking a proportion of the land out of production does
not allow a machine to be sold, or a worker to be laid off, on the average
-sized farm."

However, he remains confident about the long-term future, adding: "Our figures
show that the efficient farmer can make a good return on his efforts and survive
in a hard, competitive post-Gatt market.

"Shortages of food are now being talked about. Together with a reduction of
stocks, this means certain food products are already trading at well above
support prices. Who is brave enough to say that this will not become a general
trend?"

Of course, in discussing the impact of shortages and higher prices, there is
another side to the coin. Already, the dairy industry in Britain is beginning to
find this out as it approaches the removal of statutory controls, and the new
free market era now only six weeks away.

I see the Tesco supermarket chain -- which is about to take on a much bigger
presence in Scotland, after having swallowed up the rival Wm Low group -- is
threatening to source more of its milk products abroad if suppliers attempt to
pass on the higher prices being demanded by the new producer milk co
-operatives.

A director of the company -- who ironically was speaking at the launch of its
'Best of British' promotion -- claimed the 20% increases facing dairies would be
highly inflationary, encourage outward investment in the industry, cut jobs, and
add to the country's food trade deficit.

Increases of that order in products such as fromage frais, which Tesco currently
buys from UK firms, could not be absorbed by the market, he warned.  "If they go
ahead, we would have no alternative but to source outside the UK." So much for
the call to rally round the flag.

Whatever views there might be about the way the Government have handled the de
-regulation of the milk market, the Scottish Secretary Ian Lang has got it right
in at least one respect. Confronted with that kind of threat from the major
retail buyers, can the dairy trade and the Scottish Milk Marketing Board really
afford to ignore his advice to come together in a "positive" spirit, in order
the smooth the transition to the free market on November 1?

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 1994 Caledonian Newspapers Ltd.


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 16, 1992, Friday

REDUCED GRAIN, COAL TRAFFIC PUSHED BN'S THIRD-QUARTER INCOME DOWN 10 PERCENT

BYLINE: LAWRENCE H KAUFMAN; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 294 words


Burlington Northern Inc. earned $ 61 million, or 68 cents a share, in the third
quarter,down 10.3 percent from income of $ 68 million, or 89 cents a share, on
fewer shares outstanding in the same period of 1991.

Revenue was virtually the same in both years at $ 1.16 billion, as the Fort
orth-based railroad was affected by sluggish traffic.

Operating income was $ 147 million, down nearly 12 percent from operating income
of $ 167 million a year earlier.

For the first three quarters of 1992, BN reported net income of $ 177 million,
or $ 1.99 a share, compared with a loss of $ 360 million in the some period of
1991. The railroad took a $ 708 million special charge in the second quarter of
1991 for the cost of employee separation, personal injury and environmental
cleanup costs.

Revenue in the first nine months increased 2 percent to $ 3.4 billion from
slightly less than $ 3.4 billion a year earlier.

Traffic, measured in revenue ton miles, was 2.6 percent lower than in the 1991
third quarter, with reduced export grain traffic accounting for most of the
decline.

"The late maturation of northern wheat and corn crops due to unseasonably cool
weather, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture's delay in restoring the export
enhancement program both contributed to a 36 percent fall off in our export
grain traffic from last year's third quarter," said David C. Anderson, executive
vice president and chief financial officer.

"Our coal volumes were 1 percent lower than in the third quarter 1991 as
electric utilities took fewer deliveries in order to reduce excess coal
stockpiles," he added. "Traffic volume in our other markets, industrial
products, merchandises, intermodal and automotive, grew at an average rate of 4
percent."

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: BN (LOGO).

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                            February 12, 2016 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Growth decline in agriculture sector

BYLINE: MELISHA YAFOI

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 355 words


THE growth of the agriculture sector has dwindled in the past few decades
despite its huge potential.

This was from Minister for Agriculture and Livestock Tommy Tomscoll while
addressing participants at the 2016 Agricultural Leaders Summit which got
underway in Port Moresby yesterday.

Mr Tomscoll had hailed the sector as a crucial one, as many millions of lives
continued to depend on it for employment, business, income as well as daily
sustenance.

This is in addition to being a revenue earner for the country's economy.

He said agriculture contributes 27 per cent of the Gross Domestic Product (GDP)
which in Kina currency terms, is just over K2.5 billion towards the country's
budget.

However, he had lamented at the level of annual investment put directly back
into the sector.

He said at present, this was less than K150 million annually.

"This has shown that we have intentionally been slaughtering this important
sector.

"At the end of the day we are clogging the economy, cutting the lifeline of our
people and denying our people prosperity and economic development," he said.

Mr Tomscoll stressed further that the total Government budget tax revenue
collection forecast for 2016 is K10.5 billion which K3.5 billion will be
collected as personal income tax from 7 per cent of the population that are
working.

He said this is less than what the country is expected to get considering the
facts that suppose 50 per cent of the population will be the paying personal
income tax then the country is looking at K20 billion or more.

"This clearly shows that a small population portion of smallholders, block
holders and family units operate in the formal economy while the vast majority
operates inside the informal economy.

He said agribusiness provides the platform and opportunity for this population
inside the informal economy to participate in the formal economy through self
employment and SME's," Tomscoll said.

He said a strong agriculture sector can build a resilient economy, construct
better communities, promote opportunities and spread wealth equally that will
generate high quality of life and give happiness to the people.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

USDA Announces $9 Million to Support Community Food Projects Program

LENGTH: 594  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued following press release:

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) National Institute of Food and
Agriculture (NIFA) today announced the availability of $9 million in funding to
assist low-income individuals and communities in developing local and
independent food systems. NIFA is funding the grants through the Community Food
Projects program (CFP), authorized by the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Farm Bill).

"Community Foods Projects provide the opportunity for low-income communities to
become more self-reliant and take control of their own food systems," said Sonny
Ramaswamy, NIFA director. "These projects create food systems that are
economically equitable and socially and environmentally sustainable, providing
real solutions for communities most in need."

Community Food Projects involve the entire food system. Projects assess
strengths and establish connections among existing food systems, resulting in
improved food systems that support self-reliance.

Grants are intended to help eligible, private, nonprofit entities in need of a
one-time installment of federal assistance to establish and carry out
multipurpose community food projects. Projects are funded from $10,000 to
$400,000 and up to 36 months. All grants require a dollar-for-dollar match in
resources.

Applications are due March 17, 2015. Please see the request for applications for
specific program requirements.

CFP is an important part of USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative,
which works to strengthen and support local and regional food systems. More
information on the initiative, including an interactive map of CFP and other
federally-supported local food projects, can be found at:
www.usda.gov/knowyourfarmer.

The primary goals of the Community Food Projects program are to (1) meet the
food needs of low-income individuals; (2) increase the food self-reliance of
low-income communities; (3) promote comprehensive responses to local food, farm
and nutrition issues; and (4) meet specific state, local or neighborhood food
and agricultural needs, including needs relating to infrastructure improvement
and development, planning for long-term solutions and the creation of innovative
marketing activities that mutually benefit agricultural producers and low-income
consumers.

Since 2009, NIFA has provided more than $28 million to 154 Community Food
Project awards in 48 states to help communities improve access to healthy, local
food. Past projects include Philadelphia Green, which supports small-scale
growers in their efforts to bring fresh, locally grown produce to the
Philadelphia metro area, and RootDown LA, which is engaging Los Angeles-area
youth in community gardens.

Funding for the CFP program is authorized by the 2014 Farm Bill. The Farm Bill
builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past six years,
while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings for
taxpayers. Since enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including providing disaster relief to
farmers and ranchers; strengthening risk management tools; expanding access to
rural credit; funding critical research; establishing innovative public-private
conservation partnerships; developing new markets for rural-made products; and
investing in infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve
quality of life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            March 21, 2013 Thursday

The proposed deal to reform Cap includes exciting measures to encourage
agricultural innovation

BYLINE: Alan Matthews

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1167 words


There has been considerable media coverage of the agreement reached by the
Council of Agriculture Ministers in Brussels this week and its possible
implications for the payments received by Irish farmers under the Common
Agricultural Policy (Cap).

Minister for Agriculture Simon Coveney and his officials deserve credit for
their success in brokering this agreement. It opens the way for tripartite
negotiations with the European Parliament and the commission to settle the
future rules for the Cap by June according to the Irish presidency schedule.

The intense lobbying by the different farm organisations in the weeks leading up
to the meeting shed rare light on one of the more puzzling features of Irish
agriculture: the contrast between Ireland's hugely successful food companies
based on a consistent record of innovation, and the primary production sector
which produces less today than it did 20 years ago and which remains mired in
disputes about Cap subsidies.

The focus of the lobbying on the way the council decisions might affect the
distribution of Cap payments between farmers is not surprising. Irish
agriculture produced an operating surplus (farm income) of EUR 2.1 billion last
year, of which EUR 1.3 billion was due to the single farm payment. Payments
under disadvantaged area, forestry, agri-environment and other schemes bring
transfers to EUR 1.7 billion.

With the single farm payment alone accounting on average for more than 60 per
cent of farm income last year, how that money is divided up is hugely important
to individual farmers.

Until now, the payments have been distributed according to the "historic model"
which relates the payment per farm to the amount that farm received in the
reference years 2000-2002. At that time, under a series of partial Cap reforms,
market price support was partly replaced by coupled payments.

Farmers were compensated for reduced market price support (through lower
intervention prices) by direct payments that were linked to what a farmer
produced; in the case of arable farmers, the payments were linked to the number
of hectares planted, and in the case of livestock farmers, they were coupled to
the number of animals. The larger the farm, or the more intensively stocked the
farm, the higher the payment received.

Decoupled payments         A major reform of the Cap in 2005 altered these
payments from coupled to decoupled payments. With certain qualifications, this
means that each farmer now receives the Cap payment they received on average in
2000-2002, regardless of their level of production or whether they produce at
all. The sole requirement is compliance with standard food safety, animal health
and environmental legislation and the maintenance of land in good agricultural
and environmental condition.

The result is a very uneven and largely arbitrary distribution of payment levels
per hectare linked to this outdated reference. Almost 13,000 farms have the good
fortune to receive more than EUR 500 per hectare, but more than 27,000 farms get
less than EUR 200 per hectare.

The European Commission's proposal at the start of the Cap negotiations was to
move to a flat-rate payment per hectare on all farms by 2019, but allowing
countries to designate regions which might have different flat-rate payments.
Coveney favours an approximation model which would proportionately narrow the
differences across farms but still leave significant disparities by the end of
the process.

Fianna F^oil has come out in favour of the flat-rate payment but with a higher
payment on the first hectares, thus skewing payments in favour of small farms.

The Irish Farmers' Association has consistently opposed both flattening and
regionalisation and any proposal for a minimum payment per hectare and would
prefer to continue with the current model if that were an option.

The fundamental problems in choosing between these alternatives are that there
are different views as to the purpose of direct payments, and that it is
impossible to achieve any of these objectives by giving farmers a lump-sum
payment if it is linked to land.

The IFA claims the payments should reward production. But production-linked
subsidies are trade-distorting and are rightly regulated by World Trade
Organisation and EU rules. Irish farmers who depend on export markets for their
milk and beef would be the first to be hurt if each country went back to
production-linked payments. At a time when food prices are rising and there are
concerns about the world's ability to meet future food demand it is hard to
argue that farmers need subsidies to produce more food.

Income support         Fianna F^oil sees the payments as primarily about income
support, and hence supports higher payments on the first hectares and the
capping of payments on larger farms. There are many farmers on low incomes, but
ownership of small areas of land does not necessarily mean that the owner is
deserving of income support. Many part-time farms are owned by households with
adequate off-farm incomes. Giving greater support to small farms (as distinct
from low-income farm households) risks worsening the already dismal rate of
structural change in farming.

Two alternatives         These criticisms of direct payment models do not imply
that there is no role for public support for agriculture. There are two
alternatives to generalised subsidy payments linked to land. The first is
targeted payments linked to specific and measurable outcomes. Examples of such
payments exist in the Pillar 2 of the Cap, concerned with rural development
programmes; they include paying farmers to provide additional environmental
services, or paying farmers to continue farming in areas where there is risk of
land abandonment.

The second alternative is to focus on helping farmers to generate a greater
income from the marketplace through innovation, cost reductions and greater
productivity. Unfortunately, agricultural research, extension and training have
been cut back in line with the general cutbacks in government expenditure. Just
a small diversion of Pillar 1 (ie single farm payment) subsidies to these
activities would provide longer-term benefits of a multiple of this amount to
farmers.

The agriculture council decision would allow member states to shift some money
from general payments in Pillar 1 to targeted payments in Pillar 2 (without
requiring national co-financing, though this remains to be decided). Pillar 2
also contains some exciting new measures to encourage innovation.

Making use of this option would be a small way in which this country could
salvage something of long-term benefit from the current round of Cap
negotiations. It will be another seven years before the opportunity comes round
again.

Alan Matthews is                               professor
emeritus of European                               agricultural
policy at Trinity College Dublin

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 30, 1988 Thursday

Farmers' take-home pay expected to near record

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
  Agriculture Department officials have presented a positive outlook on
farm incomes, trying to keep the spectre of the Prairie drought in the
background.

The officials said they were sticking with earlier projections that
1988 net farm income, a farmer's take-home pay, will be close to last
year's record $5.5-billion.

And food price increases will likely remain below 2 per cent this year
because the rising value of the Canadian dollar is offsetting price rises
for imported food.

But the department's cautious approach to the drought isn't shared by
the Ontario Corn Producers Association. President Cliff Leach said in a
statement that the drought threatens to create havoc through the Southern
Ontario farm belt.

Little if any rain has fallen in June, Mr. Leach said, and that means
the province's wheat harvest could be cut by half while the barley and
oats crops may be harder hit.

Although the corn crop, the province's most important, has a couple of
weeks before it reaches the critical stage, it has already been damaged by
the drought, Mr. Leach said.

The Agriculture Department said farm income will remain buoyant this
year, because prices for grains and other farm commodities are rising in
response to fears the drought that has hit the main grain-growing
districts of North America will result in a small harvest.

Farmers may have less grain to sell but it should be worth a lot more.
Prairie farmers have been holding back grain deliveries to the Canadian
Wheat Board in recent weeks in anticipation of higher initial prices,
which come into effect Aug. 1.

Farm income in Alberta and Saskatchewan, hardest hit by the drought,
will be $175-million higher this year than last, the department's forecast
said. But farm incomes in Manitoba, Ontario and Quebec will all be lower.

Farmers will likely slow or halt an expansion of beef and pork
production because of higher feed prices.

Economist Jane Owen said about 20 per cent of the national beef herd is
in the area hardest hit by the drought, but it is too early to say how
many of those animals will have to be sent to market because there is no
feed.

There will likely be only 20 million to 21 million metric tons of grain
available for export, about 10 million tons below usual, and that could
mean less work for the grain companies and railways getting the grain to
ports for export.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 1, 2010 Saturday

Economic condition

BYLINE:  Abdul Rafay Mirza - Via email

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXI No. 177

LENGTH: 932  words


A country with a potential of becoming a developed and a major power of the
world falls into vulnerable conditions and passes through crucial times because
of many reasons. One of the main attribute or reason for a country to be in such
helplessness and be in susceptible condition is because of the state's poor
economic policies.

The main cause or factor to become developed is to have a stable economy. A
stable economy or a successful economic model is based on several policies in
the economic model. The first and the foremost of which is taxation policy.

Taxation is the primary source of any states income, and a successful economic
system is based on a taxation system in which the burden of more tax is put on
the people who have more assets, income or wealth since such people are better
able to bear this burden and also to contribute to the revenue of the state.

Simultaneously, in this successful economic model the lower and middle income
groups are not heavily taxed i.e. very few or low indirect taxes are levied on
them. Indirect taxes are the GST on all goods; surcharges on items of daily use
such petrol, diesel, electricity, food items etc.

For example in our country petrol cost about Rs25-30 per litre after it is
refined in refineries in Pakistan. But it costs around Rs70-75 per litre after
taxation (GST, transport tax, surcharges etc). All these indirect taxes affect
the lower and middle income groups more because these are the people who are
more concerned about the costs of the items of daily use and of inflation. The
traders and industrialist merely pass on the indirect taxes to the consumer of
the lower and middle income groups.

In our country the opposite of this good economic model is followed and
implemented. Here, the lower and middle income groups have to bear the brunt of
the state's revenue through indirect taxation on every item of daily use. On the
other hand, the opulent class has to pay very little direct taxes and the
indirect taxes are too low to affect them as they have high income and glut of
wealth. Same example of the petrol or diesel after the taxation becomes 4 times
higher than that of its actual price. The lower and middle class would be
affected more of these surcharges and taxes than the higher income group.

In addition to the above, in any good economic model the following should be the
priorities of a state. Export-oriented industries which earn foreign exchange
for the state. Though we export agriculture goods all over the world but, we
cannot base our economy only on agriculture export. 62 years before, after
independence we said that we have an agriculture based economy. We didn't have a
large population at that time, circumstances are different now.

An agriculture-based economy cannot sustain the state nor can any progress be
achieved. The agricultural products are mostly viewed as a source of revenue
generation for smaller state which require less money to sustain their
requirements.

In states with large population, agriculture should only be viewed as a mean to
sustain the population since the agriculture products are not value-added
products and they do not fetch high prices as high as those of the finished
goods or the technological goods (such as machinery, equipments, etc). Such
products can be produced by promoting industrialization in the country. This
will not only earn foreign exchange for the country but will also generate jobs
and employments in the country.

Unfortunately in Pakistan the industrial sector is being completely neglected.
Only agriculture is viewed as the primary sector of and foodstuffs are allowed
to be exported in bulk. For instance, wheat, rice, sugar, fruits etc are
exported, and is also smuggled from the country to Afghanistan and India where
these products fetch high prices.

This results in shortage of commodities and products in our own country and
hence the price rises in the local market. Whenever a commodity is available in
a large quantity the prices will remain low but whenever it is sold to other
people and a shortage occur then its price will rise sharply. Thus, encouraging
banks and the telecommunication sector at the expense of the industrial sector
has been a strategic economic mistake of both the previous and the present govt.

These two sectors do not create a large number of jobs, they pay fewer taxes,
and they mint profits from the Pakistani population and transfer this abroad.
The industrial sector should have been encouraged since it would have given
employment to a large number of people and also contributed a great deal to the
govt's revenue collection and could have also earned foreign exchange.

However, instead of promoting industrialization, the govt of Pakistan have
promoted the worst type of foreign investment and the least important sector of
a good economy. The banking and telecommunication sector cannot serve as a
backbone of a healthy economy rather it can only support and facilitate economic
activity generated by the industrial and agriculture.

Unfortunately, none of the govt's of Pakistan was and is able to develop the
economy for the better. Instead the politicians and bureaucrats believe that the
lower and middle class income groups are useless for them as they cannot
participate in their struggle for power and domination, nor can antagonism oust
them directly.

That is why they keep on making policies which suits only themselves or their
affluent supporters. Huge enterprises, banks, telecommunication sectors pays
just less than 1% tax even thought they mint a profit of millions of dollars.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

ENSURE RS425 PER 40 KG WHAET BAG TO FARMERS

LENGTH: 362 words


ISLAMABAD--Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz on Friday asked Ministry of Food and
Agriculture to ensure that farmers get wheat price of Rs 425 per bag as fixed by
the government and the process of procurement is streamlined. He was talking to
Federal Minister for Food & Agriculture Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan, Minister of
State for Agriculture Mr. Muhammad Ali Malkani and MNA M P Bhandara who called
on him here today.

Aziz said there is significant increase in the productivity of the agriculture
sector and this year record Rabi crops are expected which will have a positive
impact on our growth targets in addition to augmenting the income of farmers.

The government, the Prime Minister said, will ensure that the farmers get fair
return of their produce. The prime minister said about 62% of our population is
directly and indirectly linked with agriculture and the government is focusing
on increasing yield, modern farming systems and value addition to augment
farmers' income.

He said that the subsidy provided by the government on DAP, phosphoric and
potassic fertilizers promoted balanced use of fertilizers and helped increase
the agricultural output.

The prime minister said the government is also promoting use of modern
techniques and application of latest research in the dairy and livestock sector
to enable the farmers run their farms on modern lines.

Aziz said poverty has declined in the rural areas from 39.3 percent in 2001 to
28.1 percent in 2005.

The increase in the sale of consumer items testified by the companies producing
such goods is a testimony of better purchasing power and improved living
standards there.

The prime minister said the record crops this year will bring further
improvement in the rural areas. He said that continued increase in agricultural
productivity will increase the farm income and hence reduce the poverty level
even further.

Minister for Food & Agriculture informed the Prime Minister that his Ministry
has made arrangements to ensure procurement of wheat in an efficient manner.

He said PASSCO and provincial food departments have been started purchase of
wheat

and bags are available at the procurement centers.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy; Pricing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              New Vision (Kampala)

                             May 16, 2012 Wednesday

How We Can Attract the Youth to Agriculture

BYLINE: Enoth Mbeine

LENGTH: 904 words


RECENTLY, Kabaka of Buganda, Ronald Muwenda Mutebi II called on the youth to
remain in the rural areas instead of migrating to cities in such of elusive
opportunities.

This call by His Majesty could not have come at a better time like now as youth
unemployment reaches alarming levels. The migration of the youth to towns has
left behind ageing farmers and declining traditional agricultural systems.
Currently, the youth and young people constitute about 78% of Uganda's
population.

According to a World Bank report of 2008, youth unemployment in Uganda is at
83%, ranking only second after Niger in the world.

One way of addressing this big problem is coming up with strategic interventions
to attract the youth to the agriculture sector. The call for the youth to return
to villages will make meaning if the youth are encouraged to be more involved in
farming.

And to do this, agriculture must be transformed from purely subsistence to
commercial farming, where farmers undertake agriculture as a business that can
help them earn enough income to prosper.

There is an urgent task at hand and this requires a multidisciplinary approach.
Agriculture development practitioners, policy makers, the private sector,
agricultural government agencies and other professional must articulate a new
vision of agriculture that can be attractive to the young people and align with
their aspirations and interests.

The first step is to change the image and perceptions about agriculture in the
face of the youth. Agriculture, in particular farming possesses a negative image
among the public (including mainly the youth). Portrayed as a low-income,
high-risk career, public perception of the industry and farming must be improved
to entice more youth to choose agriculture as a career.

The youth need to be educated and made aware of how farmers operate today.
Agriculture has significantly changed. Farmers are now educated, business-savvy
entrepreneurs who possess some extensive training and knowledge. There are
currently many formally employed people who are abandoning their lucrative jobs
to venture into farming.

The positive aspects of choosing farming should be emphasised to the youth i.e.
owning your own business, choosing your own hours and having a variety of daily
responsibilities.

One reason the young are aloof to agriculture is for a fact that they are seen
as a neglected lot by government line institutions that promote the sector. The
youth are normally excluded in policy discussions relating to access to
agriculture and rural market development.

The policies at national level also rarely feature the concern or issues of the
young on the future of food, farming and development. The line Ministry of
agriculture can, for example, set up a Youth Advisory Committee to look into
various ways of attracting and retaining the youth in this sector.

The committee can be composed of mainly youth who are engaged in agriculture to
act as role models. The main mandate of the committee would be to meet regularly
to develop and provide recommendations regarding youth attraction and retention
in agriculture.

As an effort to make agriculture attractive, the Government should strengthen
and maintain agricultural institutions for extension, research and innovation,
credit, agro-processing and marketing in order to enhance efficiency and
effectiveness of farming enterprises.

Access to affordable credit is another key factor in attracting the youth to
farming. The young people tend to have fewer chances of obtaining capital or
credit. Access is often tied to availability of collateral, which is usually
land that the young people do not have.

It is, therefore, important that appropriate affordable financial packages are
put in place by financial institutions involved in agricultural lending.

To further attract the youth into agriculture, deliberate efforts by
agri-support agencies to make inputs such as good seed, fertilisers, basic
mechanisation and agricultural market information available and affordable
should be undertaken.

There is also a need to change the agriculture curriculum in the universities to
ensure that it attracts interest of the youth and to also translate the research
activities into direct action on the field for the benefit of farmers. More
emphasis should also be put on creating more vocational training centres for the
youth to revive agriculture.

Agribusiness support agencies should also play a key role in attracting the
youth in agriculture. They can do this by highlighting in their mandates for
interventions, a criterion for youth involvement for programmes they intend to
support. The agricultural subsectors that have potential to increase employment
of mainly the youth should be strategically supported.

When agriculture becomes a truly viable venture, we are more than certain that
the youth of Uganda will be enthusiastic in taking it up. In a country where
university graduates are prepared to work as night guards, street vendors etc,
profitable farming can be attractive.

The challenge that we must take up, as leaders, facilitators, policy makers and
private sector in Uganda's agricultural development is to build the capacities
of the youth and equip them to address the emerging requirements of an
attractive agriculture and non-farm rural economy that offers prospects for
viable incomes and good quality of life.

Writer is a Senior Consultant, Business Development Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 29, 2014 Saturday

Agriculturists should file returns, wealth statements

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


Foreign investors on Friday proposed elimination of exemption given to the
agricultural income and people engaged in this sector should be asked to file
their income tax returns and wealth statements.

In its budget proposals for 2014-15, the Overseas Investors' Chamber of Commerce
and Industry (OICCI) - a body of 196 foreign companies belonging to 35 countries
and having presence in 14 different sectors of Pakistan economy - said that till
the exemptions are withdrawn, the authorities should force agriculturists to
file the income tax returns and wealth statements. "This will assist in
documenting a significant portion of our economy," according to the proposals.



Sources said that the OICCI presented the proposals at the meeting with Tariq
Bajwa, chairman of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR).

The chamber said that the biggest exempted sector is agriculture, which did not
make any contribution to the national exchequer, despite the fact that over 65
percent of Pakistan's population is directly or indirectly linked with the
agricultural sector.

The original rationale of keeping agriculture out of the tax net is to
facilitate small agriculturists. "However, due to non-implementation of land
reforms, the benefit of the tax exemption is being availed of by big landowners
earning huge incomes," the OICCI said. "Income and wealth is also transferred by
unscrupulous elements who transfer their income and wealth to businesses
fronting as agriculture sector," it added. On the recommendation of the OICCI, a
new provision 236G was introduced in the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 for bringing
the agriculture produce and raw materials into the tax net. "However, there is
still a need to widen the tax net on the agriculture income considerably," it
said, and suggested: "The scope of section 236G should be extended to other
sectors of the agro-based economy also."

The foreign investors' body advocated broadening the tax base instead of levying
additional taxes on those who were already paying. "The increase in tax
collections should be made from those entities and individuals who have evaded
paying their due share of taxes to the national exchequer," it was suggested.
Furthermore, the OICCI suggested that the culture of amnesty schemes and
exemptions through statutory regulatory orders (SROs) should be stopped. "All
exemptions given for tax and duty payments, other than those specifically
tailored to attract foreign direct investment (FDI) and for the benefit of the
poorest segment of the population should be withdrawn."

To attract investment, the body suggested that a five-year tax and revenue
enhancement strategy should be evolved with the approval of the parliament. "Tax
policies should be suitably protected to ensure a five-year phasing out period
so that an investor is not adversely impacted by change in policy."

It recommended the effective utilisation of Nadra database and other documented
sources available to the FBR for broadening the tax base.

The OICCI said that there is a huge tax evasion by a cross section of high
earners such as doctors, artists, lawyers, dress designers, models, event
managers, sales and marketing people running different businesses from their
homes or offices in the back streets or just through the cell system, etc.
"Taxing the correct income of all these professionals has the potential to add
significant revenues to the government treasury." The OICCI recommended that the
FBR and the State Bank of Pakistan should work jointly to make a framework to
ensure all customers of financial institutions having turnover in excess of Rs1
million during a year, have filed tax return and wealth statement. However, the
body opposed giving access to bank accounts to any FBR official. Some years ago,
the idea of Electronic Cash Registers at every retail outlet was introduced but
the government backed away when the retailers agitated. The OICCI recommended
that registration of retail outlets and electronic cash registers should be made
mandatory at all retail outlets without any turnover thresholds.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 8, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Food Stamps at a Glance

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z13

LENGTH: 244 words


The federal food stamp program, administered by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Food and Nutrition Service, was created by Congress in 1961 to
safeguard the nation's health by "raising levels of nutrition among low-income
households." Here are some facts about the program, which has an annual budget
of about $ 14 billion.

" About 20 million Americans receive food stamps.

" Over 90 percent of participants are children under 18, adults 60 or older,
women and disabled people.

" A family's benefit is determined by size and income level. The average award
is 58 cents per person per meal.

" Forty-seven percent of households receiving food stamps are white, 36 percent
are black and 12 percent are hispanic.

" The average monthly net income is $ 239 per household. Seven out of 10
households have net monthly incomes under $ 300.

" Only 7 percent of families that receive food stamps have more than five
members; 32 percent are one-person households. Certain people are ineligible for
food stamps. They include: workers on strike -- who were not eligible before the
strike -- illegal aliens, most college students, people who have quit their job
"without good reason" or have not complied with work requirements.

" Food stamps cannot be used to buy alcohol, pet food, hot food that has been
prepared to be eaten or any non-food items such as soap, toothpaste, toilet
paper and tobacco.


Source: Food Research and Action Center, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, FEATURE

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

EU agriculture policy 'still hurting farmers in developing countries'

BYLINE: Mark Tranguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 739 words

ABSTRACT

Mark Tran: Reforms proposed to Europe's common agricultural policy won't do
enough to prevent price distortion and damage to farmers in poor countries,
trade campaigners say

FULL TEXT

Proposals for reform of the EU common agricultural policy (CAP) will do little
to reduce huge subsidies that hurt farmers in developing countries, according to
trade campaigners.

The European commission is set to announce proposals on farm subsidies this
week, but leaked documents show that in real terms the CAP budget is set to rise
from (EURO)330bn in 2000-07 to (EURO)371bn for 2007-13.

The documents obtained by the Trade Justice Movement suggest that total spending
for 2014-20 will increase further, to (EURO)435.6bn. European support to farm
incomes has fallen substantially over the last 20 years. Farmers earned 22% of
total annual receipts from government support over the 2008-10 period, down from
39% annually over the 1986-88 period.

High commodity prices, which automatically push down income support, as well as
25 years of CAP reform have slashed EU spending on agriculture. Despite the
decline, it still absorbs almost half of the EU budget. Last year, the CAP came
close to swallowing 45% of the EU budget in 2010 (down from 70% in 1985), or
about (EURO)53bn for a sector that generates only 1.6% of EU GDP.

Long a contentious issue and a source of high-profile rows between the EU and
the UK, notably during the Thatcher years, the CAP aims to promote European
agriculture by increasing farmers' incomes and supporting the provision of
public goods such as the environment. Funded from the European commission
budget, it is divided into two pillars. Pillar 1 includes direct payments to
farmers and market management measures. Pillar 2 focuses on improving the
structural and environmental performance of agriculture and on promoting local
and rural development. Currently, three-quarters of the money in the CAP budget
is handed out in direct payments to farmers.

EU member states agreed in 2002 that spending on agriculture - though not rural
development - should remain steady in real terms between 2006 and 2013, despite
the admission of 10 new members in 2004, taking membership to 27.

CAP reform comes against the background of the EU's commitment to what it calls
policy coherence for development, which seeks to ensure that all policies, not
just development, promote growth in developing countries. The continuing high
level of farm subsidies will make it hard for EU policymakers to square the
circle.

This attempt at reform is but the latest round of changes going back to at least
1992, when the MacSharry reforms reduced the level of market-price support.
Reforms in 2000 and 2003 "decoupled" most payments to farmers from production to
give clearer market signals to farmers.

Britain believes the proposals do not go far enough. "We're in a situation where
there are global problems with food security, economic uncertainty and the loss
of biodiversity," said Caroline Spelman, the environment secretary. "Reforming
the CAP is the best opportunity in a generation to take a major step forward in
dealing with all of these problems. But we're worried that the commission's
proposals will be far too backward-looking, and this precious opportunity will
be lost."

Trade campaigners have expressed concern at the impact on poor countries. "The
biggest problem is that subsidies keep prices artificially low, mainly for grain
traders, so developing country farmers cannot compete," said Ruth Bergan,
co-ordinator from the Trade Justice Movement.

Research cited by the Overseas Development Institute (ODI) shows that African
and Latin American countries are particularly affected by the CAP. A study last
year from the University of Lausanne argued that the world as a whole would gain
from the removal of the "most distortive CAP instruments, with Europe being the
main beneficiary".

"The reallocation of resources within the economies across the world and
corresponding terms of trade effects would increase world economic GDP and
welfare by nearly (EURO)33bn - the European border protection (various import
duties) elimination being the key contributing element," said the study.

The ODI said the main message from such studies is that in many cases CAP
instruments are distorting and can damage developing countries. "This problem
must be resolved to ensure coherence between CAP reform policy and development
goals," it said.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             July 6, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Land use proposals seem to be a good idea

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Farming; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 695  words


Farm groups from across the country are pushing federal and provincial
governments to support a concept known as Alternate Land Use Services or ALUS.
It would help with farm income while promoting environmental sustainability, and
it would be acceptable under international trade rules.

The idea originated with Ian Wishart, vice-president of Keystone Agricultural
Producers (KAP) in Manitoba. It has now been adopted by groups such as APAS in
Saskatchewan, Wild Rose in Alberta and the Ontario Federation of Agriculture.
It's also the official policy of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture.

A multitude of groups claim to represent farmers. Truth is, there are many
topics on which the groups can't agree. That's because farmers are a diverse
bunch of folks. However, it's hard to imagine much opposition to the ALUS
concept from within agriculture or even from outside of the farming industry.

ALUS would provide incentives to farmers to protect wetlands, improve wildlife
habitat, conserve riverbank areas, preserve fragile land and enhance water
quality. Incentives are preferred rather than more environmental regulations.
Regulations typically cost producers money.

Federal and provincial governments have already put money in place for
environmental initiatives. Producers who complete an Environmental Farm Plan are
eligible for some financial assistance on specific projects.

However, as Ian Wishart points out, existing support is mainly on projects
related to point-source issues such as safer fuel storage or improved farm-water
supplies.

The focus for ALUS would be land- use issues, and there would be ongoing
support. It wouldn't be a one-time payment. There would be a continuing
incentive for protecting a riparian area or providing wildlife habitat.

ALUS is seen as a way to provide another income flow to farmers, similar to what
happens in Europe and the U.S.

European consumers want to preserve the countryside, and they're willing to
support farmers to see it happen. In the U.S., the Conservation Reserve Program
provides ongoing payments to keep tens of millions of acres of fragile land out
of production.

This kind of support is trade neutral because it isn't encouraging extra
production. In fact, it encourages less intensive land uses that have
environmental benefits. Various conservation groups might even help fund some of
the initiatives.

Government programs and incentives in past decades encouraged farmers to
cultivate and seed every possible acre. There are compelling reasons to provide
incentives so that more of that land can be a benefit to wildlife and
ecosystems.

Federal, provincial and territorial agriculture ministers are meeting today to
Friday in Kananaskis, Alta.

Farm-group leaders hope the Alternate Land Use Services concept will be
discussed and supported by the ministers.

As always, there are pressing issues for the agriculture ministers to debate.
U.S. court cases on July 13 and July 27 will go a long way to determining the
future of the Canadian livestock industry. It's possible that boxed beef could
be excluded from the U.S. market for a time. Contingency plans need to be
discussed.

There are also issues with the CAIS (Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization)
program that need to be worked out. Specifically, a decision must be made about
the producer-deposit requirement.

But programming for environmental initiatives is likely to surface as part of
the report presented to the ministers by Wayne Easter. Easter, a parliamentary
secretary for Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell, is reporting his findings on
ways to deal with the farm income crisis. Many expect an ALUS type of program to
be part of Easter's recommendations.

Farm groups across the country want to run ALUS pilot programs and they'd like
to see additional policy work done with a view to launching a major initiative.

Farmers are having a tough time getting adequately paid for producing food.
Other countries pay farmers for the ecological goods and services they can
provide. This would seem to be an intelligent policy option for Canada to
pursue.

- Kevin Hursh is a Saskatchewan farmer and consulting agrologist. He can be
reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 4, 2011 Saturday

Pakistan: Agriculture tax to burden farmers : SCA

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, June 04 -- The Sindh Chamber of Agriculture has opposed levy of
income tax on farm sector and said growers are ready to contribute to national
exchequer but the burden of tax should be bearable and not cripple the farming
community.

In an open letter to federal finance minister, deputy chairman of Planning
Commission of Pakistan and Sindh finance minister, additional general secretary
of the chamber Nabi Bux Sathio said that tax on farm income would add to
government`s troubles in the long run because it would drastically shrink its
contribution to GDP growth and inflict billions of rupees losses on growers.

He argued that subsidies on farm inputs, including fertilisers, seeds and
pesticides had already been withdrawn and 18 per cent GST had been imposed on
every type of agriculture machinery and implements.

Agriculture produce was equally shared by landowner and tenant while all taxes
were borne by the landowner exclusively. In the absence of a system of insuring
standing crops he was economically destroyed in case of natural calamity such as
floods or damage to crops because of water shortage, he said.

He argued that the proposal to impose tax on agricultural income might not prove
to be beneficial because in Sindh, 82 per cent of land holders had only 12 acres
or below. In India and China, no tax whatsoever had been imposed on farm income,
he said.

Mr Sathio claimed that Indian government generously subsidised fertiliser and
electricity and borne even charges of electricity connections for the farm
sector. The price of a DAP fertiliser bag in India had been fixed at Rs1,100 as
compared to Pakistan where a DAP bag cost Rs4,000. The Chinese government and
its ruling Communist Party cut all taxes on farm sector and its income under a
revolutionary agriculture policy "New Countryside" introduced in 2006, he said.

Quoting recently issued economic survey report, Mr Sathio said that the
industrial sector had shown a negative growth rate for the past 10 months of
current fiscal year while growth rate of agriculture sector was 1.8 per cent
despite unprecedented floods.

This was in spite of the fact that industrial sector had been given billions of
rupees in tax rebate and marginal export financing but it contributed nothing to
the GDP, he said.

Mr Sathio clarified that SCA was not against any particular sector it was
quoting these figures to make the government realise ground realities.

He criticised the Economic Advisory Council of Pakistan and said instead of
giving proper advice and suggesting solutions to existing problems it was
working as a pressure group against the farm sector.

He said that SCA and growers of Sindh were ready to contribute to national
exchequer provided the burden was bearable and did not cripple the farming
community entirely.

The farm sector, he said, employed more than 50 per cent population of the
country, contributed 25 per cent to the GDP and provided 80 per cent raw
material to industrial sector.

He said that the industrial sector was earning more than $20 billion through
exports only because of this sector and that was why it deserved encouragement
and incentives.

It was unfortunate, he said, that all governments had failed to come up to
expectations of the poor farmers and the imposition of tax on agricultural
income was tantamount to punishing this productive secto Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday

Farm incomes rise 46pc as cereals lead recovery

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 460 words


The agriculture sector has rebounded after two years of low prices to generate a
46pc rise in farm income this year, provisional figures from the Central
Statistics Office have revealed.

The major recovery in incomes was driven by increases in the value of milk,
cattle and particularly cereals over the past 12 months.

The figures reveal that farm incomes have recovered after they fell by 40pc in
2009 and 2008.

Comparing this year withlast year, the CSO analysis showed that goods outputat
producer prices rose by 16.3pc or EUR767.3m, whilemilk output rose by 38.8pc or
EUR427m.

The value of cattle went up 12.2pc or EUR177.6m, while a 7.8pc increase in the
value of pigs output generated an additional EUR24m.

However, the biggest difference between last year and this, in a single sector,
was the 88.8pc-- EUR12.3m -- difference between the value of cereals in 2009 and
the past 12 months.

This year's figure of EUR202m for cereal output was the second highest annual
figure in the past 15 years, according to Minister for Agriculture Brendan
Smith.

The minister welcomed the figures, which he said pointed to a massive recovery
following a very difficult 2009.

He added that the 7.2pc increase in dairy productionwas a very positive first
step towards achieving the ambitious targets set out in theFood Harvest 2020
report.

IFA president John Bryan said the increase indicated a strong recovery in the
sector after two very difficult years in agriculture and amounted to an average
farm income of EUR17,500 in the past year.

"The single farm payment and the farm schemes are crucial for all farm families
and continue to make up a very significant proportion of net farm income," he
said.

Collapsed

"From a point 12 months ago when farm incomes collapsed, this improvement is
very much needed by farm families whose livelihoods were badly affected by a
range of factors in 2008 and 2009."

However, ICMSA general secretary Ciaran Dolan said it was important to note
thatthe estimated income in the past 12 months was virtually the same as 2008
and some more telling facts were revealed when the figures were analysed.

"We see that the value of milk output this year has not recovered to the 2008
figure, while energy costs have increased by 8.5pc," he said.

"Yet the country still awaits any action on reducing the extremely high costs of
electricity that goes past yet another empty review.

"There was a welcome decrease in interest payments of 17pc brought about,
primarily, by lower interest rates because the capital amounts outstanding only
decreased by 10pc.

"This clearly is a majorissue, given the weakness of Irish banks and the fact
that competition in the banking sector will be lower while the cost of funds to
the bankswill increase."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Farm income rise set to continue in 2011 insists Dept

SECTION:

LENGTH: 440 words


Farm incomes rose by more than 30pc (EUR2bn) in 2010 as the Irish agriculture
sector bounced back after two very difficult years.

Exports from the agri-food industry totalled EUR7.8bn last year, an increase of
11pc on 2009, according to export figures from the Department of Agriculture's
Annual Review and Outlook 2010/2011, published this week.

And the growth looks set to continue with predictions of a 3pc rise in the value
of agri-food and drink exports in 2011.

Total farm income increased by 31.5pc to almost EUR2.1bn last year, the report
found. The cereals sector had a particularly good year, with output valued at
more than EUR200m, an increase of more than 88pc on the previous year, while the
dairy sector increased its exports by 17pc. Minister for Agriculture Simon
Coveney said the recovery in farm incomes was good news for food producers and
processors but also for the Irish economy as a whole.

"The success of the sector comes at a time of continuing financial difficulties
for Ireland," he said.

Recovery

"I am determined to make the agri-food sector a flagship for positive growth and
central to the Government's plans for economic recovery."

Minister Coveney added that initial figures for this year were very promising
and he expected growth to continue.

The report warned that the key issue for this year would be the continuing
increase in costs, notably for feed, fertiliser and fuel. The outlook forthe
main sectors was that output prices would increase, but the improvement would
not be consistent across sectors.

It claimed prospects for Irish and EU dairy exports were positive for this year.
Milk prices have increased by up to 30pc and output rose by 7pc since last year.
Prices were expected to stay at their current levels or perhaps increase
slightly. However, it warned of increased volatility and higher input costs this
year.

The immediate outlook for the beef industry was generally positive, with market
returns driven by lower finished cattle supplies in Ireland and the EU, a strong
live export trade and a competitive global market. The report said the low
carryover of hoggets from last year meant the sheep trade for this year had got
off to a strong start and the market environment for sheepmeat for the rest of
the year was positive.

After a rise of 88pc in cereal prices last year, early indications were that
sowings of winter cereals had increased 29pc for this year due to renewed
optimism in the sector and strong forward prices.

However, the pig sectorsuffered with increased cereal prices and a lack of
credit. No recovery in European pig prices is forecast before the middle of
2011.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                  September 9, 1995, Saturday, WEEKLY EDITION

THE FAO WANTS TO HELP REAP A BETTER FUTURE: The developing world as a whole will
soon turn from being a net agricultural exporter to net importer.

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1040 words


Food production can be increased in two basic ways: the area under cultivation
can be extended or the existing land can be cultivated more intensively. Most
developing countries pursue a mix of the two approaches, but the emphasis has
been shifting decisively toward intensification as land has started to run
short.

The work of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations over the
past 50 years has been aimed mostly at helping intensify food production, as
developing nations sought to introduce better technology for their farmers.
However, technology alone does not guarantee increased output. It needs to be
accompanied by policies and institutions that give farmers an incentive to grow
more food, that ensure inputs are available at the right time, and that enable
their produce to be sold at a remunerative price.

FAO also emphasizes the importance of the agriculture sector to combating
poverty -- the prime cause of hunger and undernutrition. The majority of the
poor in most developing countries depend on agriculture for employment and
income. As long as this dependence continues, the growth of food production and
of agricultural productivity will continue to be among the principal means for
alleviating poverty and improving nutrition.

Nothing short of a significant upgrading of the overall development performance
of the lagging economies, with emphasis on a more equitable sharing of the
benefits, will free the world of the most pressing food insecurity problems. The
only feasible option for an early and sustainable improvement in food security
is to increase agricultural productivity, particularly in those countries that
are both poor and unable to produce the food they need. The key to such gains is
efficient technology, applied to the major food crops of the country.

FAO's Special Program on Food Production for Food Security in Low-Income
Food-Deficit (LIFD) Countries exists to implement this strategy. The program is
unusual in that it focuses on better-endowed agricultural areas in order to make
a quick impact on food production.

It also seeks a greater than usual input from the farmer, soliciting his or her
views on the problems they encounter, before formulating and launching projects
to increase production. At present, 88 nations fall into the category of low-
income food-deficit countries: 44 in Africa, 23 in Asia and the Pacific, nine in
Latin America and 12 in Europe/Commonwealth of Independent States.

The net food deficits of the developing countries are expected to continue to
grow and the developing world as a whole will soon turn from being a net
agricultural exporter to net importer. These are alarming prospects given the
difficult balance of payments situation and the unfavorable economic prospects
for many developing countries.

Expansion and intensification of agriculture to generate more food, employment
and income can be a double-edged sword. While it cuts through the problem of
hunger, it may damage natural resources, such as soil and water, on which future
generations will depend. For this reason, sustainable, environmentally kind
development is central to FAO's policies and programs in agriculture, forestry
and fisheries. For example, it is promoting the use of pest and plant management
systems that have minimal impact on the environment, relying largely on natural
ways of controlling pests and increasing soil fertility.

What can we expect in years to come? A comprehensive analysis by FAO of the
future of agriculture, World Agriculture: Towards 2010, reports fewer
possibilities for increasing yields than recent decades. On the other hand,
expansion of agriculture into new land, if properly managed, may bring under
cultivation an additional 90 million hectares. The study identifies close to 1.8
billion hectares of uncultivated land located mostly in sub-Saharan Africa and
Latin America that have a potential for rain-fed agriculture.

Despite the resource, environmental and technology constraints, food production
capacity in the world as a whole will probably be sufficient to achieve the
growth in production needed to meet global increase in effective demand until
2010. FAO foresees that supplies in the developing world will increase from the
present 2,470 calories per person per day to 2,730 calories. The percentage of
chronically undernourished people is expected to drop from 20% to just over 11%.

Among the major conclusions of the study: while growth in world agriculture
production is expected to exceed growth in world population, the rate of growth
in production will probably be slower than in the past. And although much of the
increase in both production and consumption will take place in the developing
world, this progress will be insufficient to eliminate chronic undernutrition in
the developing countries. Some 650 million people, almost as many people as live
in the U.S. and Western Europe combined, will continue to suffer from chronic
undernutrition.

In 2010, poverty will continue to limit people's demand for food. Chronic
undernutrition could affect 12% of the population in South Asia and nearly a
third of sub-Saharan Africa's people. Unfavorable natural resource endowments
will make it difficult to achieve large increases in agricultural production in
some of the most needy areas. Poor prospects for overall economic development in
some countries will make existing constraints even more difficult to overcome.

By the year 2030 the world's population will rise from the present 5.5 billion
to nine billion. As the population grows, the per capita availability of arable
land decreases, heightening the need to intensify agricultural production and
making greater demands on finite natural resources. Projections indicate that by
the year 2010, if action is not taken to reverse present trends, the number of
chronically undernourished people in sub-Saharan Africa may reach 300 million,
nearly half the total for developing countries.

This part of Africa will thus replace South Asia as the global area with the
highest number of persons chronically undernourished, even though its total
population by then will be only half that of South Asia.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            January 21, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Easter wraps up fact-finding session with Sask. farm groups

BYLINE: Murray Lyons, Saskatchewan News Network; CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: SASKATOON


SASKATOON -- Wayne Easter said a number of encouraging things Thursday in
Saskatoon while wrapping up his "fact-finding" session with Saskatchewan farm
groups who offered the Prince Edward Island MP advice on how to shore up farm
income in Canada.

Easter, himself a former president of the National Farmers Union, is now
parliamentary secretary to Agriculture and Agri-Food Minister Andy Mitchell and
is in the midst of a whirlwind two-week tour across Canada.

While the Liberals for the past decade have consistently said Canada can't
afford the trade-distorting domestic and export support programs for Canada's
farmers that exist in Europe and the United States, Easter isn't ruling any idea
being aired as off the table.

"Do we have as strategic an approach as the U.S. does under their U.S. farm
bill? Do we need to be looking at a Canada farm bill and be more strategic on
how to put that forward?"

As parliamentary secretary, Easter has been given special emphasis to look at
rural development issues and the one-time cabinet minister said "it drives him
nuts" when he hears people say rural Canada is not sustainable.

He said primary producers remain generators of wealth for the agri-food sector
and for Canada's balance of trade, but the problem is that less and less of the
money generated in the food sector flows to the producer.

Easter and Agriculture Canada officials travelling with him will compile a
summary report of recommendations made with an action plan for discussion by the
federal, provincial, and territorial agricultural ministers when they meet in
July. He said the federal government wants to see how other agencies, such as
Health Canada's Canadian Food Inspection Agency, can contribute to turning
around the farm income situation.

The Saskatoon meeting drew representations from most of the major agriculture
lobby groups, such as the Agriculture Producers Association of Saskatchewan.

Those attending the closed-door meeting said there was little radical suggested
to Easter.

However, groups talked about the special needs of Saskatchewan and Manitoba,
where farm income was acutely hit by last summer's frost and poor harvest versus
long-term improvements to farm income programs.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

Sindh fails to computerise BoR's tax collection system

BYLINE: YASIR BABBAR

SECTION: Vol. L No. 146

LENGTH: 691  words


Sindh government has failed to computerise tax collection system of Board of
Revenue (BoR), the oldest taxation department, as it seems more focused on Sindh
Revenue Board and Excise and Taxation Department. Sindh BoR is the successor of
West Pakistan BoR. It was originally constituted under West Pakistan Board of
Revenue Act 1967, which on dissolution of One Unit in 1970 became the Board of
Revenue, Sindh.

BoR is the controlling authority in all matters related with administration of
revenue collection including land taxes, land revenue, preparation of land
record and other matters relating thereto. The board is the custodian of the
rights of the land holders and is the highest revenue court in the province with
Appellate/Revisional Jurisdiction against orders of subordinate revenue
officers/courts including EDOs (Revenue) and Collectors. All Revenue courts are
subject to the general superintendence and control of BoR.

The BoR officials are working to collect urban property tax, Agriculture Land
tax, Sale deed tax, Mortgage deeds tax, Power of attorney (optional) tax, Will
deed tax, collection of registration fee, stamp duty and other local fee and the
BoR works to preserve property record of public.

"After the verdict of Supreme Court during last government tenure, the BoR
started computerisation of land record while the revenue officials are still
collecting taxes manually," sources said. "Due to manual tax collection since
1970, the BoR became "lucrative department" of Sindh government. Every officer
who has political backing is getting his posting in BoR through deputation or
other means, and minting money in millions," a senior official said.

Recently, as per the apex court verdict, the Sindh government removed OPS
officers in all departments. Most of the OPS were posted at BoR, as the board is
considered among the most corrupt departments of the provincial government, he
said. Sources in the board said that Sindh chief minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah had
expressed anger over the Senior Member BoR Alamdin Bullo when he could not brief
the CM over collection of taxes.

Sources added that the meeting held at CM house a few days ago had been differed
as Chief Minister wanted to get detailed briefing from BoR authorities in next
two to three days. Qaim Ali Shah during the said meeting had said that BoR was
important department and it needed be strengthened.

He asked the senior member BoR to prepare his briefing with recommendations for
making the organisation viable. After that meeting, the CM called Minister for
Parliamentary Affairs Dr Sikandar Mendhro and asked him to review the tax laws
under which BoR is working. A handout issued here stated Chief Minister Sindh
Syed Qaim Ali Shah formed a committee headed by Sindh Minister for Parliamentary
Affairs Dr Sikandar Mendhro to prepare a draft for amendment to law to
streamline the agriculture tax in consultation with the grower organisations and
other stakeholders and directed committee to submit the proposed draft in the
Sindh Assembly.

The Chief Minister Sindh dispelled the impression that Agriculture income was
not being taxed, adding that there were many taxes including Agriculture income
Tax which were already being charged but not being projected in the media. He
was presiding over a meeting regarding income tax on agriculture held at CM
House here on Monday.

The Chief Minister was of the view that Agriculture sector was being taxed such
as Agriculture income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess tax and other
indirect taxes on their inputs but the same are neither being projected in media
nor being streamlined or rationalised or revised to avoid anomalies. Shah asked
Mendhro to identify the lacuna in the law and prepare flawless draft on
agriculture income tax to ensure equal privilege of taxable slab, concessions,
remission and other facilities which are being provided to industrialist's and
trades. The Chief Minister asked Dr Mendhro to prepare draft for proper
amendments to the law or for new act with the consultation of Sindh Chamber of
Agriculture, Sindh Abadgar Board, Revenue / Finance experts and opinion leaders.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                               May 9, 2011 Monday

Board recommends tax on 25 acres agri land

BYLINE:  SALMAN ABDUHOO

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 90

LENGTH: 784  words


The voice of taxing huge income of the wealthy feudal lords is gaining momentum,
as the Federal Board of Revenue in its budget proposals to the federal
government has also suggested the government to impose the agriculture income
tax in the upcoming budget 2011-12, sources in the tax department said.

The tax department reiterated its strong recommendation of immediately imposing
tax on agri production, suggesting that more than 25 acres of agri land and
farms should be come in tax net, which is earning millions of rupees through
their production.

The officials said that the agriculture sector contributes over 23 percent to
the country's Gross Domestic Production and yet accounts for less than 1 percent
of the government revenues. The gross profitability for agriculture products
such as cotton, sugar and wheat have increased by 100, 63 and 52 percent
respectively during the last two years but tax collection from the sector
remains minimal despite the fact that it continues to enjoy subsidized inputs
and freedom to charge prices above international prices, officials said quoting
the budget proposal sent to the budget makers.

They observed that the taxation on agriculture sector has always been negligible
and the share of federal tax collection from agriculture sector has been only
0.12 percent of GDP in 2003-2004.

The FBR further suggested the government to bring the rent payment under the tax
net collected from the mobile companies on their towers by the owners of tower's
site. The department has asked the government to revive the income tax ordinance
section 14C and 14D, which was abolished in the era of military dictator general
Pervez Musharraf and according to which wealth tax was levied on the houses of
two kanals and above, besides 1800CC cars. The department officials said that
the government was used to collect billions of rupees through this wealth tax on
the luxury homes and lavish vehicles. The officials once again have tried to
convince the government to re-impose this wealth tax on these items to enhance
the tax to GDP ratio.

The board further recommended that the people who arrange marriage ceremonies
and other functions, like birthday celebrations, at five star hotels and clubs
could also brought under the tax net.

The board put forward the proposal of imposing tax on the businessmen as well as
other people who are seen frequently travelling abroad. They used to travel to
different countries for business aim, which shows they possess the hefty amount
of money and they are bound to pay tax. Besides, the FBR has advised the budget
makers to impose tax on property dealers and real estate developers (housing
society owners).

The tax department has lamented that majority of the buyers of vehicles book
their cars by showing automobile companies just their National Tax Number (NTN)
and resell them without paying their tax on this purchase. In this regard the
government can collect a huge amount of tax money if the company restricted the
companies to book the cars of such buyers, who file their annual income tax
return. In this way the first buyer of the vehicle is bound to pay tax. Earlier
he only showed the NTN to purchase the cars from companies and resell it and
disappeared and tax department could not pursue him, as his all addresses and
contact numbers used to be fake.

They said that at present, taxation of agricultural sector is a provincial
subject under the Constitution. The irregularities in the provincial tax
collection system cause annual revenue loss of billions of rupees. In the
absence of foolproof tax collection mechanism, the provincial governments have
failed to generate any significant amount from the farm sector. It is to be
noted tat the provincial governments had introduced Land Revenue Act in 2000 to
tax agricultural income, however, the provinces have not made any efforts to get
the benefits of the Land Revenue Act.

The sources in the Federal Board of Revenue told The Nation that the tax
department sends its budget proposals every year but they have never been
included in the budget, as they are usually against the interest of the elite
class, who are running the affairs of the state and who never look up the real
issues of the masses, they added.

Noted economists pointed out that the low share indicated that the entire
value-added chain in the agriculture sector is nearly tax-exempted. They argued
that although agriculture's share in national income exceeds 23 percent, revenue
raised from the sector is negligible. With limited tax potential of many
subsistence farmers, the land revenue system needs to be replaced by
agricultural income tax for any significant increase in revenues from this
sector.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 19, 2009 Saturday

Bangladesh:Call for simpler taxation system

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 19 -- Speakers at a discussion on Thursday urged the government
to introduce a simpler taxation system and also to further strengthen the
National Board of Revenue (NBR) to encourage more people to pay the due tax.The
call came from a discussion on 'Complexities in the Income Tax Laws: A Quest for
a Simpler Taxation' organized by International Business Forum of Ban-gladesh
(IBFB) in cooperation with USAID-PROGATI at a city hotel.Economic Affairs
Adviser to the Prime Minister Dr. Mashiur Rahman addressed the programme as
chief guest while Awami League lawmaker Prof. Md. Ali Ashraf, MK Anwar MP of
BNP, and NBR chairman Dr. Nasiruddin Ahmed spoke as special guests.

Swapan Kumar Bala, Associate Prof of Department of Accounting & Information
System of Dhaka University, presented a study report at the session, chaired by
IBFB president Mahmudul Islam Chowdhury. Speaking on the occasion, NBR chairman
Dr. Nasiruddin Ahmed admitted that there are a lot of complexities in the tax
system. "If we want to have more taxpayers' compliance, we need to have a simple
system," he said. The NBR chairman said they are trying to make the Income Tax
Ordinance 1984 simple. "Our team is also working on reforming Value Added Tax
(VAT) and customs rationalization."He informed that they would send proposals to
the government to strengthen the NBR and are also working in the area of online
payment as automation has already taken place. PM's economic adviser Dr. Mashiur
Rahman said the government should give a serious thought to taxation in the
agriculture sector as the investors pay only the land taxes."In the early 50s to
60s, tax on income from agriculture was merged with general taxes. Later, tax on
the income from investment in agriculture and fisheries were exempted." BNP
lawmaker MK Anwar said the collection of tax in Bangladesh is the lowest among
the SAARC countries although tax collection had increased last year due to
submission of tax returns by government employees.He mentioned that the root of
the whole complexity in the tax system lies on the tax collectors, as they are
given specific targets to realize money.The former Agriculture Minister
suggested that if the Finance Bill could be decided in the Parliamentary
Standing Committee on Finance, it could be aligned as the "bill just presented
and passed."On the tax appeal system, he said it doesn't work much and new
thinking is necessary. "If anyone appeals and wins, he or she should be refunded
the cost of the appeal." Prof Md.Ali Ashraf MP, former Deputy Speaker,
underscored the need for enhancing the scope of tax collection for the sake of
country's development. He suggested to further simplify the taxation system and
to recruit more manpower for the NBR to run it effectively. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

PM FOR FAIR RETURN OF PRODUCE TO FARMERS

LENGTH: 372 words


ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has directed Ministry of Food and
Agriculture to ensure that farmers get wheat price of Rs.425 per bag as fixed by
the government and the process of procurement is streamlined.

The Prime Minister was talking to Federal Minister for Food and Agriculture
Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan, Minister of State for Agriculture Mr. Muhammad Ali
Malkani and MNA Mr. M. P. Bhandara who called on him here Friday.

The Prime Minister said there is significant increase in the productivity of the
agriculture sector and this year record Rabi crops are expected which will have
a positive impact on our growth targets in addition to augmenting the income of
farmers.  The government, the Prime Minister said, will ensure that the farmers
get fair return of their produce.  The Prime Minister said about 62% of our
population is directly and indirectly linked with agriculture and the government
is focusing on increasing yield, modern farming systems and value addition to
augment farmers' income.

The Prime Minister said that the subsidy provided by the government on DAP,
phosphoric and potassic fertilizers promoted balanced use of fertilizers and
helped increase the agricultural output.  The Prime Minister said the government
is also promoting use of modern techniques and application of latest research in
the dairy and livestock sector to enable the farmers run their farms on modern
lines.  The Prime Minister said poverty has declined in the rural areas from
39.3percent in 2001 to 28.1 percent in 2005. The increase in the sale of
consumer items testified by the companies producing such goods is a testimony of
better purchasing power and improved living standards there.

The Prime Minister said the record crops this year will bring further
improvement in the rural areas. He said that continued increase in agricultural
productivity will increase the farm income and hence reduce the poverty level
even further.  Minister for Food & Agriculture informed the Prime Minister that
his Ministry has made arrangements to ensure procurement of wheat in an
efficient manner. He said PASSCO and provincial food departments have been
started purchase of wheat and bags are available at the procurement centers.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Independent

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Blunt warning to farmers over need for efficiency

BYLINE: RICHARD NORTH, Environment Correspondent

LENGTH: 711 words


THE GOVERNMENT warned yesterday that it was prepared to see small farmers go out
of business if they failed to become efficient.

Britain's farmers are essentially rural entrepreneurs who produce food as their
basic, but by no means their only business, according to John MacGregor, the
Agriculture Minister, in his first speech of 1989 which has been designated the
Year of British Food and Farming.


Speaking at the Oxford Farming Conference, always the first and usually the best
agricultural talking shop of the year, Mr MacGregor delivered a tough message
about the free market and the land. Small farms are, he said, inherently
inefficient. They have been squeezed out to the point where 56 per cent of
agricultural output now comes from only 35,000 farmholdings, or 11 per cent of
the total.

'I know that concern is sometimes expressed about this trend and some hold a
different view, often for what I might almost describe as philosophical reasons.
But we do have to bear in mind that we do not halt similar changes in other
sectors of our economy brought about through market forces and increasing
competition. . . Why should agriculture be different?'

Mr MacGregor said that large and intensive farms should be free to expand. He
said: 'I want to see as many people as possible getting a good living from
competitive, well organised agriculture in the 1990s and beyond.' But he
emphasised that more land and people would have to come out of farming.

He said that reform of the Common Agriculture Policy had led to surplus stock of
many commodities being reduced: 'Here, butter stocks have come down by 75 per
cent in the past year, cereal stocks by 70 per cent at the start of the 1986
season and the skimmed milk mountain has disappeared altogether.'

Mr MacGregor signalled that he wanted the published statistics on farming
income, which took account of the many outside sources of income available to
farmers as they diversified: he believes that they already demonstrate how
diverse the farming economy has become, and how much more so it might be. Mr
MacGregor's view was radically different from a German agricultural official who
told the conference that his government was pursuing means of giving income
support direct to small-scale farmers whose income was lower than about pounds
20,000 a year.

The British view is that our small-scale farmer is usually operating a far
larger farm than his peasant equivalent abroad, and that it would be
inordinately expensive to mirror the German direct support schemes here.

Next month the Ministry of Agriculture will publish a pamphlet which, the
Minister said, would help farmers confront the planning system. He dismissed as
nonsense the idea that this might be taken as helping farmers turn themselves
into quarry masters, housing developers, or landfill waste disposal contractors
as they take land out of production.

Agriculture ministers have been irritated for several years that many local
planning authorities discourage converting farm buildings into rural workshops.
These developments, ministers believe, will keep more people employed in the
countryside than modern farming can.

There was little public discussion of the issue of food safety and the role of
the agriculture ministry in it.

Privately, however, Mr MacGregor believes it ironic that while he is known as
Mac the Knife by farmers for having worked to reduce support to them, he is now
criticised for acting to stabilise the egg market which was weakened by Edwina
Currie's remarks.

He also stresses that the ministry was acting on the salmonella problem before
Mrs Currie's remarks. He believes the Ministry is becoming more conscious of the
need to communicate with the public.

Mr MacGregor said that the EC's ban on the use of growth promoting hormones in
meat production was not, as the Americans believe, introduced as a deliberate
barrier to trade.

Although the British Government did not and does not believe there is a health
risk from their use, he accepts that the EC ban was based on anxiety about
health. He hopes the risk of a trade war because of different views about
hormones will not cloud negotiations on free trade in agricultural produce.

Home News Page 4

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 Independent Print Ltd


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           September 8, 2009 Tuesday

Crisis set to wipe 25pc off incomes

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 473 words


Agriculture's 'perfect storm' to cost embattled farmers EUR570m

Farm families will lose close to EUR600m this year as price falls, support cuts
and bad weather combine to create a savage 'perfect storm' in the agriculture
sector.

Shocking figures, calculated by the IFA, show that farmers will lose at least
EUR570m or 25pc of their income in 2009.

Following on from an income loss of 12pc last year, the situation has been
described as the worst income crisis for generations.

A complete collapse in market prices, especially for milk and grain, means
losses are now running into hundredsof millions.

IFA president Padraig Walshe said the losses had increased significantly as a
result of the almost unmanageable weather conditions for farmers.

"Dairy farmers' incomes have been wiped out because of the collapsed market
conditions, and the poor weather is adding to costs of production such as extra
feed," he said.

The combination of a drop in volume because of the weather and market-related
price cuts means the dairy sector is facing total output losses of EUR550m this
year.

The tillage sector has been seriously affected by appalling weather, with
growers experiencing a total wipeout of income and facing losses of EUR100m as
they try to salvage the remainder of the harvest.

Only half of the national cereal crop has been harvested so far, with the
remainder deteriorating rapidly in fields.

Poor thrive in cattle, combined with lower prices, are estimated to cost
livestock farmers some EUR180m so far this year.

In addition, the looming fodder crisis is expected to cost livestock farmers at
least another EUR75m in additional feed costs.

The IFA president said finding the money to buy fodder would be an additional
challenge for those worst affected.

"A lack of cash is putting tens of thousands of farm families to the pin of
their collar to make ends meet," he said.

"The pressure to pay farm and household bills is enormous and placing huge
strain on families."

Mr Walshe rounded on the Government, local TDs and the Minister for Agriculture
for leaving farmers reeling and totally isolated.

"In trying to cope with these market and weather realities, farm families have
seen the Government cut vital income support schemes four times in the last 12
months," Mr Walshe said. "There is simply no equity and it is clear that the
public sector decision-makers are intent on protecting their own pay and
benefits at the expense of Irish farmers," he added.

The IFA leader demanded the Government reinstate vital income supports,
recognise the serious problems facing farm families and find additional
resources to assist the sector through the worst crisis in generations.

"The Minister for Agriculture and rural-based TDs must wake up to these stark
realities. Otherwise they will be held to account," he warned.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              May 20, 2008 Tuesday

Congress pass bill to protect rural US

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 443 words


The US House of Representatives have approved a groundbreaking, five-year,
$307bn farm bill by a solid three to one majority.

While EU trade commissioner Peter Mandelson is proposing a world trade deal
which has the potential to devastate EU agriculture, the US appears to be
circling the wagons and protecting their crucial agricultural industry.

The House voted 318 to 106 to approve the bill and ignored a veto threat from
President Bush, who says he wants to sharply limit government subsidies to
farmers at a time of near-record commodity prices and soaring global demand for
grain.

However, The White House said that there was no reason for lawmakers to be
hopeful and that Mr. Bush would veto the bill when he returned from a Middle
East trip.

The bill includes a $10.3bnincrease in spending on nutrition programmes,
including food stamps as well as increases for rural development and land
conservation programmes. It includes a new title dedicated to the needs of
speciality crops and organic agriculture and it also requires mandatory country
of origin labelling for fruit, vegetables and meats.

House agriculture Chairman Collin Peterson said: "This farm bill contains more
reform than any farm bill in history. Agriculture policy is essential to the
lives of every American and it is important that the policy we formulate is
responsible, effective, and at a low cost to the taxpayer, and this bill meets
those requirements."

While Bush has long called for curtailing subsidy programmes, the farm bill is
viewed as vital legislation both across rural America and in impoverished urban
centres.

The administration had sought an income cap of $200,000 above which farmers
could not qualify for farmer-subsidy payments. The bill sent by Congress limits
farm income to $750,000 and non-farm income to $500,000.

The $750,000 limit would apply just to so-called direct payments that are
disbursed based on acreage, regardless of market conditions or whether the land
is actively farmed. The $500,000 limit applies to all programs.

Currently, there is no limit on farm income to qualify for payments. The limit
on non-farm income is $2.5 million.

IFA President Padraig Walshe said the passing of the bill is a strong statement
that US policy makers are putting American interests first.

"This is in sharp contrast to the hostile attitude of EU Trade Commissioner
Peter Mandelson who insists on selling out Irish and European agriculture in the
WTO to the detriment ofIrish farmers and consumers."

He said the US bill was supported by both Democrats and Republicans. "As it was
passed by a 3: 1 majority, it means it cannot be overridden by Bush."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 12, 1989 Tuesday

Agriculture ministers take step to ease interprovincial trade

BYLINE: DREW FAGAN; GAM

LENGTH: 418 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  DREW FAGAN
 The Globe and Mail
  OTTAWA
   Federal Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski and his provincial
counterparts took a step toward reducing interprovincial trade barriers
yesterday with an agreement aimed at harmonizing licencing and inspection
standards for livestock and other agricultural products.

The deal is the first stage in a long-range process of reducing or
eliminating about 170 interprovincial trade barriers relating to most
commodities, which now exist in the agricultural sector.

"We have made a start and that is important," Mr. Mazankowski said.
"This is in all our best interests."

The announcement was made at an Ottawa conference that has brought
together hundreds of government officials and farm-group representatives
to examine an agricultural policy discussion paper released by Mr.
Mazankowski last month.

The document, and international pressure on Canada to dismantle its
supply-management programs, has set off concerns among farmers that Ottawa
might reduce its financial and policy support for the agricultural sector.

Figures released by Agriculture Canada estimate that government support
for farmers will decline to $1.7-billion next year from $3.7-billion in
1989. The reduction is the major reason why farm incomes for Canadian
farmers are expected to drop 39 per cent next year.

Mr. Mazankowski has described the level of support in 1990 as
"substantial." But in a speech yesterday, he noted that over the past five
years, Ottawa has provided farmers with $21.7-billion in assistance - more
than the $20-billion during that period that farmers earned on their own.
Half the government aid went to the grain sector.

But Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine said that a reduction in the
Western Grain Stabilization program will have a "devastating, disasterous
consequence" for the provincial economy.

"After a succession of low prices, grain wars, drought and low yields,
Saskatchewan farmers have been hard hit. The national high interest rate
policy hasn't helped either," he said. "Many farmers are struggling now
just to stay in business."

In fact, according to Agriculture Canada figures, Saskatchewan farmers'
net farm income will be a negative $9-million next year after taking into
account depreciation costs.

"Many of the particular commodities produced in Saskatchewan and in the
west have been priced so low that they barely reflect the cost of
production - even for those producers with low debt," Mr. Devine said.
"Saskatchewan produces more of those commodities that most other
provinces."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 5, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Estimate of Farm Income Is Cut

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section D; Page 15, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 4


The Agriculture Department, sharply paring its previous estimate, now says
farmers may earn no more this year than they did in 1980.

The department said yesterday that farm income in 1981 would be between $22
billion and $27 billion. The actual 1980 figure was $22 billion, which was 29
percent less than in 1979.

In February, officials were predicting 1981 farm income of $28 billion to $32
billion.  Explaining its downward revision, the department said, ''Farm prices
are being dampened by many factors, including weaker-thanexpected U.S. and world
demand, large 1980-81 Southern Hemisphere crops, prospects for large 1981-82
crops and general inflationary trends.''

Consumers stand to benefit from the changed outlook. The department is
estimating this year's rise in retail food prices at 8.8 percent to 11.2
percent. Several months ago its forecast was 10 percent to 15 percent.

The department cited ''sluggish consumer demand'' and larger supplies of meat
than had been expected. But a slowdown in pork production is expected to push up
meat prices, causing retail food prices to rise more in the second half of this
year than they did in the first half.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 4, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

Slow Turn in Agriculture

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A12

LENGTH: 625 words


AGRICULTURE SECRETARY Richard Lyng says the bottom-dwelling farm economy is
looking up again. That's what agriculture secretaries are supposed to say as
election years begin, and Mr. Lyng skated as quickly as he decently could over
one of the main causes of the turnaround, which is that the government continues
to spend more than $ 20 billion a year on farm income and price supports. Though
down from the record levels of two years ago, these transfusions from the rest
of us are still about seven times the annual average for the 1970s and more than
a third of net farm income.

So the good news is to some extent a political and governmental artifact, but
Mr. Lyng is also right. Markets are finally tightening. Prices, exports, net
farm income, farmland values -- all are up or steadying, and debt and surpluses
are down. That doesn't mean there are no more problems, just that the context
has shifted. The 1985 farm bill was written in an agricultural depression; the
issue was how to apportion failure. Price supports were too high; they and the
production they were eliciting had to drop, but not so rapidly as to strand more
people than necessary. The bill was a slow parachute.

Mr. Lyng says the policy has worked, which to some extent it has, though as ever
in agriculture, the weather and exchange rates have mattered more. Now the issue
has become the pleasanter one of how to apportion recovery. But even in this
there will be losers. Two examples:

1) Marketing loans. These are an aggressive variation on the support pattern of
the past. The way the older system works, the government guarantees the farmer a
price. To help achieve that when markets are low, it buys his crop and stores
it. The government thus supports the markets by holding crops in reserve. With
marketing loans, the government also guarantees the farmer a price, but doesn't
buy his crop. He sells that on the market for whatever it will bring, and the
government pays him the difference. Instead of supporting the markets, this new
arrangement floods them. It is a policy of subsidize-and-dump which seeks not
very subtly to crush weaker foreign producers.

The marketing loans were tried for the first time in 1985 in rice and cotton.
Both crops have now gone from surplus to strong demand. Proponents attribute
this to the marketing loans, which -- though costly in the early years -- some
enthusiasts now want to extend to other crops. In fact, though the marketing
loans may have helped a little, the rice and cotton markets tightened mainly
because of poor weather in Asia and other growing areas. Marketing loans are a
form of agricultural imperialism; they would be the wrong way for this country
to go.

2) ARPs. These are acreage reduction programs: a farmer who wants government
supports has to promise to idle a certain percentage of his acreage in return.
The percentages are now quite high. Between the ARPs and a conservation program
begun in 1985, almost as much land is now idled as was set aside in 1983, when
the government went to a payment-in-kind program, giving farmers grain from its
bins if they would suspend a year's harvest. As markets firm, there will be
pressure to reduce the set-asides. The pressure will come from consumers who
want lower prices and from farmers who are afraid of ceding foreign markets; if
we don't expand, others will.

The secretary is already having to pick his way among such pressures in rice and
several other recovering crops. As with the marketing loans, so here: the need
is for restraint. When the weather is right, world agricultural productive
capacity continues to be greater than demand. There are too many farmers. It
remains up to governments to civilize the competition among them.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                           December 3, 1991, Tuesday

Gummer lifts farm gloom

BYLINE: By Michael Hornsby, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 789 words


FARM incomes are at their lowest since the second world war after allowing for
inflation, and 1,200 full-time jobs in agriculture are lost every month, David
Naish, the president of the National Farmers' Union, said yesterday at the Royal
Smithfield Show.

His gloomy assessment was challenged by John Gummer, the agriculture minister,
also visiting the show at Earls Court, west London. He spoke of ''rel grounds
for optimism'' about the future of farming.

Mr Gummer sympathised with farmers' desires for more certainty, but said that
agreement on Common Agricultural Policy reform was difficult until there had
been a General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (Gatt) settlement on the future
level of farm subsidies world-wide. He believed that a Gatt agreement was
possible by the end of the year but saw the agricultural policy negotiations
continuing well beyond that.

Mr Gummer said that Britain now had much more support within the EC for its
opposition to the reform proposals of Raymond MacSharry, the European
agriculture commissioner. But the proposals, even though they had been modified,
would still place most of the burden of cutting farm subsidies on British
farmers, and that was unacceptable.

He said he wanted to see all farmland in Britain still being farmed in 20 years'
time, but that there would have to be fewer farmers and larger farms.

Figures to be released by the agriculture ministry early next year are expected
to show that farm income fell by between 10 and 15 per cent this year in real
terms, on top of a 21 per cent drop in 1990. They will also show that 7,000
farmers and 5,000 farmworkers quit the industry in the past decade.

Mr Naish said that low incomes ruled out any recovery in investment by farmers
in new plant and machinery, which was at only half the level it had been ten
years ago. That was disastrous for Britain's ability to compete, as French and
German farmers had increased investment over the past five years.  He appealed
to the government to restore tax relief on new farm investment.

Show Reuslts

Results included:

CATTLE

Pure breds

Welsh Black: heifers, R Jones, Tywyn, Gwynedd. Steers (jr), W Roberts, Glan
Conwy, Clwyd; (inter), H Jones, LLanarthney, Dyfed; snr), R Jones, Tywyn.

South Devon: heifers, L E Thomas and Son, Liskeard, Cornwall. Steers (jr), South
Devon Embryos Ltd, Claverdon, Warks; (inter) A&J Lutey, Newquay, Cornwall;
(snr), L E Thomas and Son.

Charolais: heifers, D.W. Wilson, Lowesby, Leics. Steers: (jr), Tom Owen & Son,
Warrington; (inter), A.J. Lavell, Haywards Heath, W Sussex; (snr), Tom Owen &
Son.

Highland: heifers, Rushmore Pedigree Herds, Faringdon, Oxon. Steers: (jr) H.M.
Prison, Yelverton, Devon; (inter) Rushmore Pedigree Herds, Oxon; (snr) K W
Walker, Inverness.

Belgian Blue: heifers, Canvin International Ltd, Cardington, Beds. Steers: jr,
inter and snr, Canvin Inter Ltd.

Crossbreds: sired by British native bull. Heifers, D Hughes, Caernarvon,
Gwynedd. Steers: ltweight, R Wright, Somerton, Somerset; med, B Paton,
Kirriemuir, Tayside; heavy, Canvin Inter Ltd.

Sired by bulls of continental origin: heifers, D A Williams, Shifnal, Salop.
Steers: light, R Lunness, N Humberside; med, Boddington Estates, Cheltenham;
heavy, S T Sellars, Ashbourne, Derbs.

Crossbred cattle sired by Charolais bull. Heifers: light, D MacGregor Ltd,
Kilsyth, Strathclyde; med, A Jones, Bodorgan, Gwynedd; heavy, H Jones & Son,
Bedorgan, Gwynedd. Steers: light, J Cormack & G Laing, S Queensferry, Lothian;
med, class A, Bob Douglas, Forfar, Tayside; class B, Keam Farms Ltd, Hopeman,
Morayshire; heavy, G Bellas, Penrith.

SHEEP

Long woolled

Dartford Greyfaced: L.J. Hockridge, Okehampton, Devon. Devon and Cornwall
Longwall: G&D Tucker, Callington, Cornwall. Leicestershire: A B Garbutt,
Saltburn, Cleveland. Lincoln Longwall: T Booth, Stixwould, Lincs. Romney: John
Coultrip, Faversham, Kent. Teeswater: A&D Duffield & Son, Husthwaite, N Yorks.
Wensleydale: M&N Pullin, Wells, Somerset. Any other long woolld: D&E Exton,
Bridport, Dorset.

Short woolled

Bleu du Maine: R W Twiddle, Malton, N Yorks. Charolais: D Gardiner, Hazelwood,
Derbys. Clun Forest: R&A Powell, Welshpool, Powys. Devon Closewall: R J Harding,
Minehead. Dorset Down: E B Holloway & Son, Stoke sub Hamdon, Somerset. Dorset
Horn: B Hackling, Blagdon, Avon. Kerry Hill: R&A Powell, Welshpool. Ryeland: D
Randall & S Mitchell, Ventnor, IOW.

Three butchers lambs:

Live: under 100kg, A Brown, Rosewell, Lothian; 100-115kg, A Brown, Rosewell,
Lothian; 115-126kg, R&J Osborne, Thornhill, Dumfries; 126-136kg, R&J Osborne,
Thornhill; 136-146kg, A Brown, Rosewell. Crossbred Wethers out of hill ewes, G
Tobitt, Bletchingley, Surrey.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 Times Newspapers Limited


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 20, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Forecast cuts huge swath through farmers' incomes

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Mairi MacLean, Journal Business Writer

SECTION: Business; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 468 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

Drought, lower meat prices and farm aid payments are translating into a 36 per
cent drop in Alberta farmers' income, which is predicted to total $709 million
this year.

According to Agriculture Canada's forecast released Friday:

- Alberta's farm cash receipts will total $7.9 billion in 2002, down four per
cent from last year;

- Net cash income (the measure of cash available from farming for living
expenses, principal repayment and reinvestment) will be $1.72 billion, down 19
per cent;

- Total net income will be $476 million, down 45 per cent.

The forecast doesn't take into account the $1.2 billion, two-year federal farm
aid package announced last month, or Alberta's $324 million aid package unveiled
earlier this week.

"This is no surprise," said Rod Scarlett, executive director of Wild Rose
Agriculture Producers, Alberta's general farm organization, suggesting the 2002
income figures may end up being even lower due to the drought.

"They're certainly reflective of the downward trend in income and the downward
trend in cash farmers have available to spend," said Scarlett. "Even as gross
sales go up, it appears the net income, the bottom line that really counts,
continues to shrink or decline."

But it's just as possible that farm incomes might even be higher when everything
is counted, said Bob Prather, who works in statistics and data development with
Alberta Agriculture. If some of the federal bridge funding and the province's
drought aid are paid out before year-end, they'll add directly to income, he
said.

"And if people are selling a lot of livestock out of province or the slaughter
is higher than usual, it will increase the income."

Across Canada, farm income will be just over $3 billion, compared with roughly
$4.8 billion last year and just below the five-year average of $3.1 billion.

Hardest hit will be Saskatchewan, where it is expected farmers will bring in
just $266 million -- a record low and down more than 70 per cent from last year.
Manitoba will see a decline to $478 million, just under 30 per cent.

The federal forecast suggests the value of crop and livestock sales across the
country will drop slightly from $32.4 billion in 2001 to $32.2 billion in 2002.

Canadian Federation of Agriculture president Bob Friesen said the forecast is
reflective of the impact a U.S. farm subsidy bill will have on Canadian
agriculture. The U.S. is planning to give farmers in that country $190 billion
over the next 10 years.

"It is clear that the problem is much deeper and more critical than many people
in Ottawa realize," Friesen said. "If you look at all the holes that have to be
filled there's going to have to be a considerable amount more investment in
agriculture."

With files from CP.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CP, File; Farmers' income is falling nationwide, with
Saskatchewan hardest hit.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday

KCCI budget proposals: levy of agriculture tax strongly proposed

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 88

LENGTH: 763  words


Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) has informed the Federal Board
of Revenue (FBR) that the revenue generation capacity of the agricultural income
tax is approximately Rs 200 billion in 2011-12 in case the federal government
makes filing of income tax returns compulsory for the agriculture sector through
suitable amendments to the law in the budget 2011-12.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Tuesday that the budget proposals of KCCI
strongly proposed imposition of the agricultural income tax with annual
potential of roughly Rs 200 billion and documentation of all professional
service providers. According to the estimates of the KCCI, the FBR has the
revenue generation capacity of around Rs 200 billion through agriculture income,
Rs 20 billion from Afghan Transit Trade by checking revenue leakage and
particular focus on documentation of doctors; lawyers; transporters; schools
having high fee structure; luxury automobile and consultants.

In its budget proposals for 2011-12, KCCI observed that owners of 90 percent of
state resources pay only 5 percent of taxes. It is essential to know the legal
position in this regard. There is a law in place since 2000-01 wherein the tax
was changed from land based to an income based tax. Even after the recent floods
and the relief efforts in place the brunt of the anticipated tax is borne by the
common man. The constitution of 1973, bars the federal government to apply any
agriculture tax except provinces under whose domain the tax falls singularly.
All the four provinces have enacted the said laws regarding agriculture tax from
the assessment year 2000-01.It is still being collected as a land based tax by
the provinces.

The KCCI further said that the total collection by all the provinces in 2009-10
was Rs 2 billion only whereas the potential is Rs 200 billion with share of 22
percent in GDP. Under section 114 (1) b of Income Tax Ordinance of 2001 every
single citizen of this country who owns immovable property is bound by law to
submit his return even in case of no income. However, the government has not
mentioned any such condition in the Income Tax Law for the agricultural sector.

It is quite extraordinary to note that while the whole country is facing a
massive drive to enhance tax collection and increase, revenues' the agriculture
sector and other potential areas are not being explored for revenue leakage or
for generation of revenue. The FBR is well aware of the existence of these
avenues. Is it the responsibility of the industrialist alone the bear the yolk
of the finances of this country or being a democracy everyone have to chip in
with his share?, KCCI added.

According to the KCCI, damage to private and public infrastructure, the policy
response to floods, direct and indirect impacts of supply disruptions, energy
shortages, weak consumer & business confidence, stagnant LSM growth, law and
order conditions etc were negative factors.

Beside negative growth in Large Scale Manufacturing, the construction activity
declined partly owing to cut backs in public development expenditure, production
came to a standstill in the country's largest refinery due to inundation, and
the textile sector had to face raw material shortages for yet another year. The
export demand declined for cement, pharmaceutical, and electric fans, as
Pakistani manufacturers lost ground in some of the export markets captured in
the past two years.

The combination of revisions in energy (fuel and electricity) prices, higher
margins on many agri. products (as traders took advantage of perceived supply
shortages and administrative weaknesses), rising cost of imports (as
international commodity prices began to firm. up), and the demand stimulus from
the magnetization of the fiscal deficit all contributed significantly to the
rise in inflation to 15.5 percent YoY in December 2010, up from 12.3 percent YoY
in the first month of the fiscal year.

The only sustainable way to: protect low income groups from inflation is by
targeted subsidies' and the creation of ample employment opportunities, it
added. The recovery in the US and Europe provided a boost to the leather and
textile sector with the export receipts of the latter growing largely as a
result of the sharp increase in prices of cotton.

For textiles, higher export prices in FY11 improved profit margins in comparison
to regional peers. The strong growth in social, community, and personal services
led by massive relief and rehabilitation efforts undertaken in flood-affected
areas positively impacted the services sector, the KCCI added.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 15, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Charting the cost of kids

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 35 words


Estimated child-rearing expenditure by family income group for children born in
1993, through age 17:
Low income      $ 170,920
Middle income   $ 231,140
High income     $ 334,590

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Deirdre R. Schwiesow and Marcia Staimer, USA TODAY,
Source: U.S. Department of Agriculture (Bar graph)

TYPE: Snapshot

A look at statistics that shape the nation

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

Pakistan: Taxing already burdened class unjustified: Tareen

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Nov. 30 -- There is a dire need to plug black holes in the national
economy in order to augment much-needed fiscal space rather than ruthlessly tax
the already burdened poor and middle-class by levying Reformed General Sales Tax
(RGST). These views were expressed by Jahangir Khan Tareen, Parliamentary Leader
PML-F in the National Assembly while talking to media here on Sunday.

"There is no doubt that we need to enhance tax-to-GDP ratio and thus efforts
should be made on taxing the rich who can pay from their pockets," he said and
added, "Our economy cannot be developed unless all sectors play their respective
role fairly and contribute in the national kitty. He stressed that agriculture,
real estate, stock exchange, markets etc should be taxed if the government
really wanted to enhance tax collection.

"It is pity that we are dropping the axe on the lower strata of our society or
already burdened salaried class having limited income with RGST on the behest of
IMF with an aim to get loan worth a few billions of dollar," Tareen opined. As
an alternative, he added, "We are not focusing on other areas that must have
been brought under tax net." He was of the view that the government should take
drastic austerity measures and take steps for strengthening national economy
with a view to becoming self-reliant.

About levy of agriculture income tax, he maintained, it was pathetic that
agriculture income tax had been in vogue for the last eight years but to no
financial gain mainly because of ineptness of provincial governments. "Had
provincial government shown willingness to extract money from the big landlords,
there could have been better tax collection ratio," Tareen said and added, "I
myself paid Rs9.5 million as agriculture income tax alone this year to
provincial kitty. In a sense, he stated, one could call it a volunteer payment
of agriculture income tax as provincial authorities were in no mood to make
all-out efforts for its collection.

Besides, he said, "We need to eliminate tax evasion in sales tax regime, which
according to an estimate stands at Rs30-40 billion. We need not reform GST, if
we are to eliminate tax evasion and bring the wealthy in the tax net," he
stressed.

"One thing we should also not forget that trend of tax evasion would tend to
increase significantly if we continue to tax already taxed or deprived people,"
he warned. "We should not forget that electricity theft incidents have increased
manifold following successive raises in its tariff. Similarly, he said that
wrong declaration of sales could be a common exercise to evade proposed RGST.
For example, he said, trader, who is proposed to be given exemption on sale of
Rs7.5 million from RGST, might opt to manipulate their sales in order to evade
burden of high taxes. He said, "If we calculate daily sale of such exempted
trader, it will be around just Rs25,000. He said, "Under new RGST regime,
shopkeepers of almost all major or even relatively small markets may become
liable to pay the tax.

He observed that trust deficit should also be bridged, as common men had no
reason to trust spending pattern of successive governments. "People will pay tax
only if they have faith on our governance system," he opined. "We should ensure
proper utilization of funds in transparent manner and on equal basis. It could
lead to volunteer payment of taxes," he maintained.

Jahangir Khan Tareen said, "We should first reform tax collection process,
remove loopholes and expand tax-base and then imposition of the RGST would
become justified. Otherwise, he said, it would be a futile exercise having no
concrete outcome. About RGST on food items, he said, government policy was not
clear and might lead to increase in prices of various edibles. "On one hand,
chicken is reportedly exempted from the RGST but basic input of producing
chicken has been taxed. No one can avoid price hike of chicken meat if we levy
RGST on poultry feed," he observed.Regarding opposition of RGST by allied and
other parties, Tareen said it was all mere deception and RGST would be given nod
by the Parliament without any major obstacl Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      April 4, 2005, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Rising fuel costs put strapped farmers over a barrel

BYLINE: Barbara Hagenbaugh

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 441 words

Jack Vessey farms 7,000 acres in California's Imperial Valley. His main worry
isn't the weather or global competition. These days, his top concern is rising
energy costs.

"It gets very scary," says Vessey, a fourth-generation farmer.


The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates farmers this year will pay $8.2
billion for petroleum, up 21% from two years ago. Adding in the cost of
fertilizers and pesticides, which are derived from petroleum and natural gas
products, and electricity, farmers are expected to pay more for energy-related
items for the third consecutive year.

"It's going to really wreak havoc within agriculture," says Troy Bredenkamp,
director of congressional relations at the American Farm Bureau Federation. He
notes that unlike in the past few years when agriculture prices were rising,
prices farmers receive for their goods are expected to fall this year, giving
them little opportunity to recover the added costs.

The USDA forecasts crop-production income will drop more than 15% in 2005 after
rising more than 10% last year. Livestock income is also expected to fall this
year after jumping in 2004.

"We see really no silver bullet," Bredenkamp says. "It's going to be a tough
growing season."

Greg Davis, general manager at Nurserymen's Exchange, which grows indoor and
outdoor plants in Delray Beach, Fla., knows that firsthand. His firm turned off
the propane heaters in their greenhouses over the winter, and a large number of
plants died in what turned out to be a colder-than-normal season.

"We basically threw the gas heaters in the Dumpsters because we can't afford to
run them," he says, noting he is now scrambling to meet orders. Energy prices
"are just eating us alive."

Vessey, who has already picked and shipped much of his lettuce, spinach,
broccoli, cauliflower and cabbage this year, says not only is it costing him
more to fill up his trucks and tractors, but his watering costs have risen
because his irrigation system runs on diesel. Even the cellophane he uses to
wrap his cauliflower and lettuce costs more these days because it is a
petroleum-based product.

He is also paying more to ship his products and says at times trucking costs are
higher than prices he is offered for his produce. But he and other farmers say
they cannot raise prices, meaning consumers are unlikely to see higher grocery
and restaurant tabs.

Says Keith Nilmeier, who farms 500 acres of oranges, grapes, peaches, apricots
and nectarines in Fresno: "Everybody (else) can usually pass on what we call a
fuel surcharge.  . . .  In farming, everything you do is on supply and demand."

LOAD-DATE: April 04, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Bob Laird, USA TODAY, Source: Department of
Agriculture, Economic Research Service (LINE GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 22, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Letter: On Agriculture Policy;
Farmers Need Off-Farm Income

SECTION: Section 1; Page 30, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 419 words


To the Editor:

In regard to ''Feeding Fat Farmers'' (editorial, Nov. 1) and phasing out farm
subsidies, the question is not so much ''Is Washington ready for such
fundamental reform'' but will the Department of Agriculture accept any solution
that does not directly benefit production agriculture financially?

As a department official in 1983, I argued that rural development may have
become as important to agriculture as price supports. Then off-farm income
represented two-thirds of the farm family's household budget.

Such a ''transition-help'' policy was embraced by the Administration in 1984.
Even though this policy to help those farms ''too small to be efficient but
large enough to absorb the full-time labors of their owners'' went through the
department's policy system, implementation was another matter. If it does not
grow, the Agriculture Department is not interested. Unless, of course, it means
money to idle farm land. Putting the department behind a rural-development
policy would also have aided those small towns beginning in 1983 to feel the
effects of agricultural problems. Today not only farmers but rural communities
are in difficulty.

Off-farm income is necessary to preserve small and midsize farms; therefore, the
need for rural development that can offer sources of supplemental income so that
both farmer and non-farmer can remain in rural America. So an even more basic
question: Is the department willing to invest a small amount of the $30 billion
in subsidies in rural development?

When will the department realize it represents more than the 2.3 million farmers
and that it is the only place in the Federal establishment where the other 50
million rural Americans can turn for leadership? In fact, these non-farm rural
Americans could, would and want to assist in the transition of their farming
neighbors. It contributes to their own well-being. You are correct that farms in
the middle do deserve transition help. To me this means the Agriculture
Department must be the catalyst to develop the entrepreneurial resources
indigenous to rural America to the fullest possible extent. This will require a
strong and creative partnership of public and private enterprise. When will the
farmers in the middle realize the Agriculture Department lacks commitment to
their transition?

WILLARD PHILLIPS JR.
   Washington, Nov. 12, 1986

 The writer was Director of the Office of Rural Development Policy in the
Department of Agriculture, Feb. 1982-Dec. 1985.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     December 13, 2013 Friday 11:57 AM  EST

REHABILITATION PACKAGES TO MITIGATE HARDSHIP FACED BY FARMERS

LENGTH: 355  words


NEW DELHI, Dec. 13 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

Government of India has announced several packages to mitigate the hardships
faced by farmers including Rehabilitation Package of Rs.19998.85 crore covering
31 suicide prone districts in Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Maharashtra,
Package of Rs.1840.75 crore for development of Kuttanad Wetland Eco-system in
Kerala, Package of Rs. 764.45 crore for mitigating agrarian distress in Idukki
district of Kerala, Bundelkhand Special Package of Rs.7266 crore for drought
mitigation and Vidarbha Intensified Irrigation Development Programme (VIIDP)
with total allocation of* Rs.3250 crore from 2012-13 to 2016-17.

Government has also taken several other steps to revitalize the agriculture
sector and improve condition of farming community on sustainable basis by
increasing investment, improving farm practices, rural infrastructure and
delivery of credit, technology and other inputs, extension, marketing, etc.
Various programmes/schemes for the development of agriculture sector are being
implemented in a decentralized manner with flexibility to State Governments to
formulate and implement appropriate projects to suit their specific
requirements. The focus of Government is primarily on increase of farm income,
creation of non- farm income opportunities, improvement in productivity of
rainfed agriculture, increasing coverage of farming areas under protective
irrigation and forging appropriate backward and forward linkages. Other measures
taken by the Government for the benefit of farmers include enhancement in
minimum support prices of agricultural commodities, increase in credit flow to
agriculture sector, debt waiver/relief, interest subvention on crop loans,
revival package for strengthening Short Term Rural Cooperative Credit Structure.

This information was given today by Minister of State for Agriculture and Food
Processing Industries, Shri Tariq Anwar in a written reply to Rajya Sabha
questions. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 19, 2008 Sunday

Vacations down on the farm

BYLINE: Carlie Kollath, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 858 words


Oct. 19--Americans are looking to get in touch with their rural roots, and
farmers are reaping the financial benefits.

On any given Saturday in October, Stanley and Shelaine Wise welcome the public
to their farm on the Pontotoc/Union county line, near Ecru.

They introduce themselves and the workers as Farmer Stanley, Farmer James and so
on. Visitors pay to tour their farm, take a wagon ride, pick cotton, roam
through the pumpkin patch and navigate a corn maze.

"Obviously, we aren't making enough to do it full time, but it gives us a little
to hang on to the farm," said Stanley Wise, who spends his days at the Union
County director of the Mississippi State University Extension Service.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture found in 2004, its most recent agritourism
study, that large farms with at least 1,000 acres on average report annual
income of $4,000 from agritourism. Farms with 250 to 999 acres report on average
$2,500 in recreational income. And farms with less than 250 acres report on
average $3,000 annually resulting from agritourism.

The added income is one of the major reasons agritourism is growing so rapidly,
said Gary Bridges, with the state Department of Agriculture. Agritourism
combines agriculture and tourism and is geared at getting visitors on the farm.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture defines agritourism as farm-based recreation
and says it encompasses everything from hunting to Christmas tree farms to
petting zoos to horseback riding.

Bridges said the state and the Mississippi Agritourism Association expands the
definition to include corn mazes, pumpkin patches, cattle ranches, u-pick
operations, nature walks, farm tours, farmers markets, festivals, hay rides and
any other activity that gets the public on a farm.

"Almost anything you can think of that happens nontraditionally on a farm is
considered agritourism," Bridges said.

Growing trend

According to a farm-based recreation study released in December 2007,
agritourism provides income to about 52,000 U.S. farms (2.5 percent of total
U.S. farms). The numbers were gathered from a national survey done in 2004.

The study found the South accounts for more than half of all farms receiving
recreational income, followed by the Midwest, which accounts for about a
quarter. Recreational farm operations also are more likely to be in completely
rural nonmetropolitan counties.

Andy Prosser, bureau director of market development, said the farms in Northeast
Mississippi benefit from the rural location and the relatively close proximity
of larger cities such as Memphis and Tupelo.

Across the state, he has seen a "dramatic increase" in agritourism. And starting
next year, the state ag department and the tourism branch of the Mississippi
Development Authority are partnering to heavily promote agritourism.

"I think agritourism has been a success so far and I think you are going to
continue to see it grow," Prosser said.

Agritourism, he said, benefits visitors because it gives them something to do
and educates them about where their food originates. For farmers, it gives them
an extra avenue for revenue in an age when input costs continue to go up.

"The more diversified you can be on a farm, a small farm, the more you'll see
the benefit," he said.

'Harvesting fun'

The Wises said they had to make the decision in 2003 to "harvest fun instead of
harvesting corn." They planted a patch of corn, but instead of harvesting it,
they cut a maze into it.

This year, the maze has grown to eight acres. Stanley Wise said if he harvested
the acreage, he might get 100 bushels per acre at $4 per bushel, equaling about
$3,200. But, with the corn maze, if he has 3,000 visitors pay $8, the gross
sales would be $24,000.

He is quick to say that there are many expenses that come out of sales. First
off, agritourism operations must retain insurance.

And, the Wises, both county directors with the Extension Service, said the farm
has to be ready to welcome the public. Farm equipment needs to be out of the way
of little hands and fingers. Shelaine Wise said it typically takes the Wise Farm
about two weeks to transform into an agritourism operation for October.

Bridges said the Mississippi Agritourism Association was formed in 2004 with
about 10 member farms to provide an information network to the state's
agritourism operators. Now, it's grown to about 18 farms. And, the association
is hosting a conference in February 2009 geared at educating more farmers about
agritourism.

"If you live on a farm and have a minimum of 10 to 15 acres, you can have
agritourism," Bridges said. "You don't have to have large acreage. There are no
limits."

Contact Carlie Kollath at (662) 678-1598 or carlie.kollath@djournal.com

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081019-TP-Vacations-down-on-the-farm-1019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2008 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Indian government to launch irrigation programme

LENGTH: 360 words


Text of report by Indian news agency PTI

New Delhi, 28 May: The government will launch a nation-wide rural irrigation
programme and an insurance scheme to protect farmers' income, new Agriculture
Minister Radha Mohan Singh announced today after assuming office.

Stating that only 44 per cent of the cultivable land is under irrigation as of
now, he said the government will launch an irrigation scheme, 'Pradhan Mantri
Grameen Sinchayee Yojana'. This was promised in the BJP manifesto.

Singh said the government is prepared to tackle any eventuality in case of bad
monsoon and it has already sent advisories to all state governments.

"I held a meeting with ministry officials today and we have decided that we will
bring 'Pradhan Mantri Grameen Sinchayee Yojana' similar to Grameen Sadak Yojana.
We have also decided to bring an insurance scheme to ensure income to farmers,"
he told reporters.

The minister said the insurance scheme will be launched after determining the
average income of farmers in the last 5-7 years. The Centre will bear the burden
of premium for insurance of average income, he added.

"Farmers will take interest in agriculture only when their investment is
guaranteed," Singh said, but did not give any time-frame to launch these two
schemes. He also stressed on conserving the indigenous breed of cows and said
the ministry will bring a scheme for this purpose.

The government will soon take a decision on the proposal on fixing the minimum
support price (MSP) of kharif crops, he said, adding the long-term plan is to
fix the MSP at 50 per cent more than the cost of production.

Singh promised to review the Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee Act (APMC)
and co-operative laws.

Regretting the fact that only two central agriculture universities exist in the
country at present, he said the number will be increased to strengthen
agri-research.

Asked about GM crops, Singh said GM technology would be adopted only if it is
"very very necessary".

On price rise, the new minister said: "The NDA government had kept prices under
control during its six-year rule between 1998-2004".

Source: PTI news agency, New Delhi, in English 1150gmt 28 May 14

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2014 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday
                              N - Canberra Edition

Proposal expected to butcher farmers - RUDD'S ETS BACKFLIP

BYLINE: Asa Wahlquist, Rural writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 378 words


AGRICULTURE would be the industry hardest hit if it were to be included in the
emissions trading scheme, according to a report by the Rural Industries Research
and Development Corporation.

The report, prepared by the Centre for International Economics, estimates for
the first time the cost of the ETS on individual farms. It found there would be
cost increases for all sectors, with livestock the worst hit.

Farm cash income for the average beef farm would fall by more than 60 per cent
at a carbon price of $25 a tonne, or 125 per cent at a carbon price of
$50/tonne.

The income of the average sheep farm would fall by 45 per cent and 78 per cent
respectively; the falls in dairy income would be 35 per cent and 69 per cent;
and for wheat and other crops 15 per cent and 30 per cent.

Horticulture would suffer the least impact.

Even if agriculture were not included in the ETS, it would still face higher
costs for inputs such as petrol, electricity, chemicals and other goods and
services, the report says.

Agriculture produces 16 per cent of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions. A
decision on whether the industry is included in the ETS will be made in 2013,
and it could then be included in 2015.

CIE executive director, David Pearce, said agriculture would face big
adjustments if included in the ETS.

He said farmers had several options for adjustment, including changing their
product mix or even leaving agriculture, increasing productivity, tree planting,
research into reducing methane emissions from cattle and sheep, and increasing
soil carbon.

More research was needed on all the options.

Mr Pearce said the report assumed a carbon price was applied to Australian
agriculture, ``but not elsewhere in the world''.

``There just isn't any evidence at the moment that other countries are planning
to include agriculture in their abatement schemes,'' he said.

And it was difficult for Australian farmers to pass on cost increases, because
most of our agricultural products were exported, Mr Pearce said.

National Farmers Federation acting president Charles Burke said the report
showed an ETS could devastate agriculture.

The scheme ``is inappropriate for driving mitigation from the agriculture sector
and could decimate the future of Australian food and fibre production''.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 1, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Fall by 0.7%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 31


The prices farmers receive for raw products ended 1990 with a seven-tenths of 1
percent decline from November to December, the Agriculture Department said
yesterday.

Farmers received lower prices for milk, hogs and lettuce, although higher prices
for cattle, peanuts and eggs helped to ease the overall decline in prices.

The fruit and vegetable prices, however, were recorded before freezing cold hit
California around Dec. 21, the department's Agricultural Statistics Board said.

Record high monthly prices were reported for cattle, but hog prices were down
again, the report said.

"Oats and wheat were each at their lowest level for the month of December since
1972," it said. "Corn increased slightly from November while the soybean price
decreased slightly."

Most prices are mid-December averages, which will be revised next month.

No new figures were released to show how much farmers had to pay to meet
expenses. Those are adjusted quarterly.

 Consumer Food Prices

Department economists forecast that in 1991 consumer food prices will climb an
average of 2 to 5 percent, compared with a 6 percent gain in 1990. Larger output
of some major commodities is expected to help cool the price climb.

The net cash income of farmers in 1991 has been forecast by the Agriculture
Department at $55 billion to $60 billion, which could be less than the record of
$59 billion in 1990. Net cash income is simply the difference between gross cash
income and cash expenses.

The Agriculture Department gave these prices in its report yesterday:

Cattle averaged $77.60 for 100 pounds of live weight nationally, up from $75.30
in November. A year earlier, cattle averaged $71 a hundredweight. Those are
averages for all types of cattle sold as beef.

Hogs averaged $47.60 a hundredweight, down from $50.20 in November. A year
earlier, hogs averaged $48.20.

Corn, at $2.18 a bushel, was up a penny from November but was down 9 cents from
a year earlier.

Wheat prices at the farm, according to preliminary figures, averaged $2.38 a
bushel, compared with $2.39 in November and $3.79 in December 1989.

Rice averaged $6.26 for 100 pounds, compared with $6.30 in November and $6.95 a
year earlier.

Soybeans were $5.74 a bushel, compared with $5.78 in November and $5.64 in
December 1989.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Farm Prices," an index of prices received by farmers, all
items, July 1989-Dec. 1990 (Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   December 22, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

PROVINCE WANTS OUT OF FARM GUARANTEES

BYLINE: EDMONTON JOURNAL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 251 words


The province is trying to get out of an agriculture subsidy plan which
guarantees farmers money for their crops no matter how poorly they grow.

The Gross Revenue Insurance Plan was introduced in 1990 and assures farmers a
minimum revenue per hectare for grain crops such as wheat and canola. Under
GRIP, farmers are guaranteed a set amount of money even if the crops fail or
grain prices fall dramatically.

Farmers pay a portion of the cost, Ottawa foots most of the bill and the
provinces pitch in about one-quarter.

But international pressure and changing attitudes have forced the government to
look at another income safety-net program for farmers, deputy agriculture
minister Doug Radke said Wednesday.

"GRIP has outlived its usefulness in Alberta," Radke said. "We want to get out
of commodity-specific programs and into set programs that cover the entire
farm."

The new safety-net program Alberta is proposing is based on farm revenues as a
whole. If a farmer's overall farm income fell below 70 per cent of his average
yearly net income, the program's fund would give him money so his income was
topped back up to 70 per cent.

Farmers, the provincial and federal governments would pay into the fund.

"How much each segment would pay hasn't been determined yet," Radke said.

Radke added the province will save money under the program, and farmers would be
receive less guaranteed income.

He said the province is also looking at revamping Alberta's crop insurance
scheme.


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Business Daily (Nairobi)

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Crop and Animal Insurance Takes Root in Rural Areas

BYLINE: Immaculate Karambu

LENGTH: 943  words


Crop and animal cover has become the latest fad in the insurance business - with
appropriated advertisements in the media to boot.

Although the practice has been common among large-scale farmers, their
small-scale counterparts are fast embracing the need to safeguard their animals
and farm produce against unforeseen losses by turning to local insurers.

"Crop and livestock covers are classified under miscellaneous in the Insurance
Act and have been there as long as the business has existed.

"Probably, the companies that attempted offering these covers in the past did
not have the necessary technology, one of the reasons the business may not have
thrived as is the case now," says an official of the Insurance Regulatory
Authority (IRA) who declined to be named.

Until 2006, when five local insurance companies came together to form a
consortium in a bid to offer agricultural covers, it was rare to insure crops
and livestock.

The reason, experts say, is the expensive nature of the covers. It became almost
impossible for a single company to run the programme on its own.

"After failure in attempts to offer agriculture insurance Swiss Re, an
international reinsurance company, carried out research in Kenya and called on
local companies to take up agriculture insurance. Five companies, under the
title Agriculture Insurance Managers (AIM), took the offer. Under this
arrangement, Swiss Re takes 60 per cent (of the risk) while the remaining 40 per
cent is shared among other insurance companies. This way, it becomes cost
effective to insure agricultural produce," says Gilbert Nyagwaya, an agronomist
at Heritage Insurance Company.

With improved technology and funding from financial institutions and private
organisations, agriculture insurance is fast gaining popularity.

Agriculture insurance covers are tailored on the basis of weather conditions,
where farms are located, the size of the produce being insured, and the health
history of animals, among other considerations.

For this to happen, companies are utilising developments in technology that
enable real time transfer of information regarding changes in weather and how
they affect crops and animal health.

This has led to partnerships between insurance companies, financial
institutions, farm input retailers, and mobile phone operators to enable payment
of premiums and claims with ease.

Unlike the generally expensive covers that have existed for commercial farmers,
their small scale counterparts now pay as low as Sh5 for premiums.

In case of drought or any other calamity that interferes with the farmers'
produce, the company pays out the cost of either input or the value of the
produce or animal; whichever the farmer chooses as the basis of his premiums.

This is beneficial especially to small scale farmers who have one or two
animals, or those who own small pieces of land from where they derive their
income.

In the last four years that a more specialised agricultural cover has been
offered locally, there has been notable growth in uptake with companies
increasing their customer numbers and projecting increased uptake of the
facility in future.

"Since 2008 we have witnessed increased uptake of agriculture insurance covers.
In 2009 there was 39 per cent uptake, the same has grown by more than 300 per
cent in 2010. This is more so for the product targeting small scale farmers,
Kilimo Salama, that was launched in March 2009.

"We have over 12,000 farmers who have taken up the cover. We anticipate growth
in numbers as more farmers get to understand the need to insure agricultural
produce," says Isaac Magina, agriculture business manager at UAP Kenya.

In addition to growing customer numbers, insurance companies are increasing
their income from the general business under which agriculture insurance falls.

At UAP Kenya, agriculture insurance represented less than one per cent of the
general business income in 2008 and 2009.

However, agriculture insurance's contribution to the sector grew to five per
cent in 2010.

Data from Heritage Insurance Company indicates a growth in uptake of
agricultural covers both in terms of client numbers and premium income.

In 2007, the company received Sh315,931 and Sh50,000 respectively as premiums
for crop and livestock insurance.

In 2010 the totals went up to Sh6,619,184 for crop insurance and Sh155,650 for
livestock cover.

"In 2009, we projected a drought that would have necessitated high numbers of
claims had we taken in new clients for the crop cover. The company suspended new
subscriptions during that year," says Mr Nyagwaya.

In total, the company holds Sh10,018,883 in premium income for both livestock
and crop insurance, up from Sh315,931 in 2007.

Experts from the insurance companies say more farmers have embraced the practice
this year because of poor weather witnessed in 2009, which led to numerous
losses for uninsured farmers.

The biggest challenge to the insurers lies with the policies that regulate
compensation in cases of loss.

The insurers rely on Swiss Re for reinsurance, while the company operates on
policies formulated according to the Swiss market.

"The reinsurance policy was initially tailored according to the Swiss market and
it has posed a challenge to compensation, considering that weather conditions in
Kenya are different from Swiss conditions," says Mr Nyagwaya.

However, IRA says this should not hinder the business as the companies are free
to choose a reinsurer with favourable conditions.

"Arguments about conflicting cover regulations by reinsurance companies should
not be an excuse for failure in the business. The insurance companies have the
freedom to choose a favourable company," says the IRA official.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 8, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Farm Income Drop Seen

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 83 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 7


Net income for United States farmers is expected to slip this year from the
record levels of 1990, with rising costs and lower Government payments eating
away at higher crop earnings, the Agriculture Department has reported. The
department's forecast of trends, released last week, projected that farmers' net
cash income in 1991 would be 2 to 3 percent below 1990's record $59 billion. Net
farm income is expected to be $44 billion to $49 billion, compared with 1990's
record of $49 billion.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Independent (Lagos)

                               September 13, 2014

Nigeria, Kenya Enter Key Agribusiness Partnership

LENGTH: 465 words


The Nigeria-Kenya agribusiness partnership, as disclosed by officials of the
Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, prior to the departure of
the Nigerian team, led by some key members of the Nigerian Agribusiness Group
(NABG), to Nairobi on Wednesday, was officially birthed on Thursday and
inaugurated at the weekend.

The partnership has a set of objectives that include fixing agricultural value
chains, ensuring sustainable supplies, affordable financing, instituting good
agricultural practice and certification of programmes with international
recognition.

According to the agric ministry, Kenyan top government functionaries and
stakeholders in the nation's agribusiness sub-sector, who were at the
conference, also witnessed the inauguration.

Nigeria's minister of agriculture, Akinwumi Adesina, who spoke at the launch of
the Kenya-Nigeria Agribusiness Forum and signing of MoU on the bilateral trade
and business relationship, explained that; "Where you are going to have the
greatest impact is to make agriculture a business everywhere in Africa. Whether
in seeds, ferriliser, storage, processing or adding value, everything about
agriculture is business.

"That is why I don't understand how Africa will be spending $35 billion every
year importing what it produces. It should be producing a lot more. Africa has
no business importing food."

He said, "Africa should be a dominant player in global food and agricultural
market. We have land and water, we have cheap labour. And so, we should be
dominant.

"We shouldn't be spending $35 billion a year importing what we produce. Because
if we do that, we export jobs, we decimate our own rural economy, we fast-track
the whole process of rural-urban migration and we have congested cities.

Kenya's Minister of Agriculture, Felix Koskei, stated that the dominance of
primary production and marketing in crude forms are common to Nigeria and Kenya.
These translate to low prices, few job opportunities and low income for farmers.
Changing these will increase the income to our farmers.

He also wondered why Kenyan tea has to first go to Europe before coming to
Nigeria under different trade names. He therefore proposed a direct business
link that will ensure that the tea we import would rather be direct from Kenya
instead of going through middle men.

Chairman of Kenya-Nigeria Joint Business Council, Sani Dangote, who was at the
launch said Nigeria has woken up to transform agriculture from just primary
production, adding that the Nigerian Agribusiness Group is a united front to
address the issues of agriculture in Nigeria to make it private sector-driven.

"We have realised that Nigeria was not taking up its role in agriculture, but
now, we have realised that the way forward is agriculture and not oil," Dangote
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                           September 13, 1996, Friday

REPORT: FLA. FARMERS' INCOME HITS 5-YEAR LOW

BYLINE: E. Garrett Youngblood The Ledger

SECTION: Business; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 542 words


LAKELAND -- Florida farmers last year got 2 percent less for their products and
paid 9 percent more in production costs, leaving them with their lowest income
in more than five years, a new report shows.

For calendar 1995, Florida farmers got $ 1.7 billion after production costs,
interest paid on loans, government subsidies and labor. That's down 23 percent
from 1994, and nearly 40 percent from $ 2.7 billion in 1992.

The report, released this week, was conducted by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. In all, Florida farmers sold $ 5.8 billion in crops and livestock.

Florida's citrus crop was valued at $ 1.48 billion, up 5 percent from 1994's $
1.41 billion. Grapefruit took an 11 percent hit, with its value falling to $
206.7 million from $ 231.6 million the previous year.

The value of oranges increased 3 percent, from $ 1.11 billion to $ 1.51 billion.

Polk County's 104,000 acres of citrus rank second in the state, following St.
Lucie County's 109,000. Florida's total acres: 854,000.

In the 1994-95 citrus season, which runs between September and July, Polk ranked
third in citrus production, harvesting 30.6 million boxes of citrus.

"I don't think the decrease in grapefruit came as a surprise to anyone," said
Bob Terry, an administrator with the Orlando-based Florida Agricultural
Statistics Service, a branch of state and federal agriculture departments. "The
orange crop has been coming on, and that seems to steady the overall citrus
crop."

The citrus crop represented about 25 percent of all Florida agriculture.

And while citrus values were up slightly, vegetable returns were down to $ 1.27
billion, a 13 percent decrease from the previous year.

"This is just further proof of what we've been saying; Florida growers are being
hurt by the cheaper Mexican tomatoes being dumped in the United States," said
Bob Blankenship, a spokesman with the Florida Department of Agriculture.

The winter vegetable crop in Florida, used to feed the Eastern United States,
has felt fierce competition from its Mexican counterparts.

Florida's tomato crop tumbled 17 percent last year, from $ 465.7 million in 1994
to $ 387.9 million, according to USDA figures.

Green peppers fell 13 percent from $ 197.5 million to $ 172.1 million last year.

The vegetable crop in 1995 made up nearly 22 percent of Florida's crops.

Livestock, the third largest category at 19 percent, fell 5 percent from $ 1.19
billion to $ 1.13 billion, according to the USDA. Cattle prices, which fell 14
percent from $ 335.8 million to $ 289.8 million led the way.

Polk ranked fourth in the state in beef cattle in 1995, with 107,100 head of
cattle.

Overall, Florida farmers last year posted gross farm incomes of $ 6.1 billion,
down from $ 6.3 billion. However, total production costs that year increased 9
percent to $ 4.4 billion from $ 4.1 billion.

That represents a net farm income of $ 1.7 billion, down 23 percent from 1994's
$ 2.2 billion, and nearly a 40 percent decrease from a 1992 high of $ 2.7
billion, figures show.

"Of course, these numbers don't look good for Florida farmers," said
Blankenship, the state agriculture spokesman. "But hopefully, in the long-term,
this won't develop into too much of a trend."


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart

             Copyright 1996 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             May 23, 1991 Thursday

The real point

LENGTH: 226 words


THE rural situation - not "crisis", that much overused word

- brought forth the usual range of experts on farmer issues (The Advertiser,
14/5/91).

Ron Docherty is wrong to say that ordinary workers who lose their jobs have no
government "handouts" available to them.

Donald Richardson is wrong to say that artists "starve in garrets" because
Australian cultural activities are highly subsidised when compared with other
Western countries, and it is a simple fact that it is "government interference"
through tariffs, taxation and tickling the ublic Service belly which has
burdened agriculture with a heavy load.

Wal Watkins is wrong to assert the greed of farmers as the main problem when
farmers' annual net income is equivalent to a wharfie's monthly income.

The real point missed by many is:

A LOSS of $5 billion export income from agriculture means about 500,000 jobs
lost.

AGRICULTURE is one of the few Australian industries that is world competitive
and has the potential to reduce the trade deficit.

AGRICULTURE is farmers trying to produce export income on their lowest real net
incomes in history.

Only when we recognise that we are an interdependent society, with agriculture
as part of the solution and not the problem, will we have matured as a country
capable of advancing its nationhood.

B.H. WAKELIN, Kimba.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                             May 23, 1991 Thursday

The real point

LENGTH: 226 words


THE rural situation - not "crisis", that much overused word

- brought forth the usual range of experts on farmer issues (The Advertiser,
14/5/91).

Ron Docherty is wrong to say that ordinary workers who lose their jobs have no
government "handouts" available to them.

Donald Richardson is wrong to say that artists "starve in garrets" because
Australian cultural activities are highly subsidised when compared with other
Western countries, and it is a simple fact that it is "government interference"
through tariffs, taxation and tickling the ublic Service belly which has
burdened agriculture with a heavy load.

Wal Watkins is wrong to assert the greed of farmers as the main problem when
farmers' annual net income is equivalent to a wharfie's monthly income.

The real point missed by many is:

A LOSS of $5 billion export income from agriculture means about 500,000 jobs
lost.

AGRICULTURE is one of the few Australian industries that is world competitive
and has the potential to reduce the trade deficit.

AGRICULTURE is farmers trying to produce export income on their lowest real net
incomes in history.

Only when we recognise that we are an interdependent society, with agriculture
as part of the solution and not the problem, will we have matured as a country
capable of advancing its nationhood.

B.H. WAKELIN, Kimba.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Harrodsburg Herald (Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 3, 2013

Farm Income Expected To Stay High

BYLINE: The Harrodsburg Herald staff

LENGTH: 823  words


What a year 2012 was for agriculture: crop yields were down, water supplies were
depleted, feed costs were up. And yet, in the midst of one of the worst droughts
in the country's history, the U.S. Department of Agriculture is forecasting U.S.
net farm income will remain near record levels. University of Kentucky College
of Agriculture economists recently released their outlook for the remainder of
2012 and 2013, saying data indicates 2012's Kentucky's net farm income will
remain near the top end of the state's typical $1 billion to $1.5 billion range.

High prices and significant crop insurance indemnities- producer payments-have
had a hand in saving what could have been a year of hard losses for farmers.

"Crop insurance constitutes one of the primary risk management programs
administered and subsidized by the U.S. government, and over the past 16 years,
it's one of the biggest things to hit production agriculture," said Cory
Walters, assistant professor in UK agricultural economics. "In Kentucky, from
1996 through 2011, the total premium base associated with crop insurance
increased from $16 million to $139 million. Insured cropland increased from 1.5
million acres to 2.8 million acres over the same time period."

So far in Kentucky in 2012, insurance has paid $208 million in indemnities for
corn. For soybeans, insurance has paid out $9.5 million in indemnities and
nearly $10 million for wheat.

"The indemnity number will go up, especially for corn; more claims are coming in
all the time," Walters said.

He believes, though, that crop insurance isn't just about finances; it can
influence a multitude of decisions farmers make.

"If we all had a dagger sticking out of our steering wheels, we'd be more
careful (when driving)," he said. "But what if crop insurance removes that
dagger? How would we drive then?"

Producers purchase crop insurance to manage production risk, but risk reduction
can vary based on crops and regions and also in agronomic and environmental
characteristics. Changes in risk will inevitably affect production decisions,
including acreage decisions. As a result, small, regional environmental effects
occur based on those decisions. That is the conclusion Walters drew, based on
data collected between 1995 and 2002.

In his study, recently published in the Journal of Agriculture and Resource
Economics, using producer-level crop insurance data for four U.S. geographical
regions, Iowa, North Dakota, eastern Washington State and eastern Colorado,
Walters delved into the real effects of using crop insurance or "driving without
that metaphorical dagger." In his peer-reviewed paper, he pointed out that there
are inevitable environmental consequences when the relationship between risk,
farm production decisions and environment changes.

"Farming, is, after all, a kind of environmental activity-inescapably bound to
soil, water and air quality and, of course, changing ecosystems," he reported.

According to Walters, crop insurance has the potential to affect two types of
farm decisions: how much acreage is devoted to a single crop and the amount of
inputs used depending upon the crop choice.

"Is crop insurance impacting acreage decisions, and if it is, are environmental
impacts positive or negative?" he said.

Of the four regions analyzed, Walters found that the purchase of crop insurance
in North Dakota did have a "meaningful environmental impact," in all four
environmental indicators he examined: total nitrogen loss, change in total
organic carbon, wind erosion-caused sediment loss and soil erosion due to other
causes. But only for total nitrogen loss was the effect negative. In eastern
Washington, the effect was adverse on wind erosion. However, in this area, the
decision to purchase crop insurance did not greatly affect the crop allocation
in that region. In Iowa, there was no meaningful environmental impact from the
decision to buy crop insurance. In eastern Colorado, the decision adversely
impacted wind erosion and soil organic carbon.

In his results, Walters noted that he found "a small, but not universal,
tendency of increased crop insurance participation to create 'noticeable'
environmental effects. Our evidence shows both positive and negative
environmental effects as cropping patterns change, but more importantly, results
are specific to local conditions and particular environmental indicators."

Walters' study also backed up earlier research by Jun Ji Wu and Richard M. Adams
of Oregon State University showing that the type of crop insurance and the
coverage level influenced the decision to change crop allocations. Revenue
insurance altered cropping patterns more than the yield protection.

In Kentucky, revenue protection is the dominant type of coverage chosen, mostly
because it receives the most subsidy dollars per acre. Revenue protection
coverage for wheat, soybeans and corn ranged from 54 percent to 69 percent of
total insurable acreage per crop in 2011.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HRB

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Harrodsburg Herald


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

China rural work conference lays out priorities for 2008

LENGTH: 3207 words


Text of report by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)
Asia-Pacific service

[Article by Xinhua reporters Che Yuming and Dong Jun: "Central Rural Work
Conference Makes Plans for Agricultural, Rural Work 2008"]

Beijing, 23 Dec (Xinhua) - -The central rural work conference was held in
Beijing 22-23 December. The conference conscientiously studied the
implementation of the spirit of the 17t CCP National Congress, held high the
great banner of socialism with Chinese characteristics, used Deng Xiaoping
Theory and the important thinking of the "Three representations" as its guide,
implemented the scientific development concept in depth, reviewed and summarized
rural and agricultural work in the last five years, mulled policy measures to
accelerate rural infrastructural development and promote agricultural
development and income growth among peasants, and made plans for agricultural
and rural work for 2008 and the years beyond.

The CCP Central Committee and the State Council took the conference very
seriously. Before the conference, they specifically studied the conference
documents and clearly set forth the demands for a successful conference. General
Secretary Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao sent important instructions on
ensuring national food security and promoting more sustained and rapid income
growth among peasants, thereby further clarifying the direction of our effort in
the area of agricultural and rural work today and for some time to come.

The conference discussed the "Some Opinions of the CCP Central Committee and the
State Council on Effectively Strengthening Rural Infrastructural Development and
Further Promoting Agricultural Development and Peasants' Income Growth (Draft
Paper)." Vice-Premier Hui Liangyu, who is also a member of the Political Bureau
under the CCP Central Committee, attended and addressed the conference.

The conference pointed out that in 2007 the nation from top to bottom
conscientiously put into effect the plans of the CCP Central Committee and the
State Council concerning the strengthening of "the three rural issues" [san nong
- -strengthening agriculture, raising farmer incomes, and developing the rural
economy] work. Through the hard work of all localities and all departments, and
despite serious natural disasters, sharpening market competition, tightening
supply-demand relations, and demands becoming clearly more and more stringent,
both agriculture and rural China maintained and furthered the good situation
seen in recent years. Total grain output broke through the 1 trillion jin mark,
the peasants' per capita net income may top 400 yuan this year, agricultural
modernization has seen some initial success, and the construction of the new
socialist countryside has made solid progress.

It was pointed out at the conference that since the 16th CCP National Congress,
a rare excellent situation has emerged in agricultural development and rural
development under the correct guidance of the CCP Central Committee and the
State Council and through the joint effort of the whole party and the entire
people. Significant progress has been made in boosting agricultural output and
raising agricultural productivity, the drive to bring about sustained income
growth among peasants have been highly successful, major progress has been made
in rural infrastructural development, significant advances have been made in
rural social undertakings, major breakthroughs have been made in rural reform
and innovation, and important improvements have been made in the relations
between the party and the masses and between the cadres and the masses in rural
China. The last five years were one of the periods in Chinese history in which
agriculture developed the best, the countryside changed the most, the peasants
enjoyed the most tangible benefits, and the masses and cadres got along most
harmoniously. The continuation of a good situation in agriculture and in the
countryside has laid a strong foundation and provided important support for and
contributed greatly to the achievement of rapid and sound national economic
development and to the maintenance of social harmony and stability.

The conference emphasized that both agriculture and the rural areas are
undergoing important and profound changes in the new period of the new century.
As a result of wide-ranging and complex changes, many new conditions, new
contradictions, and new issues have emerged. As far as agricultural development
and rural development are concerned, we are still in the most challenging stage.
We still have a long and difficult way to go before we can resolve "the three
rural issues." We must fully grasp the new opportunities, face up to the new
challenges, and enhance our sense of urgency about doing a good job in
"the-three-rural-issues" work. We must keep sounding the alarm of food security
and always make it our priority to strengthen the agricultural base. We must
always insist on making the successful solution of "the three rural issues" the
priority of priorities in all party work.

The conference pointed out that doing a good job in "the-three-rural issues"
work next year has special significance for maintaining the good momentum in
agricultural and rural development and stabilizing economic and social
developments overall. We must go all out to promote agricultural production
continuously, making sure it neither stagnates or falls, and effectively ensure
that there is no interruption in the basic supply of the major agricultural
products. We must work hard to prevent wild fluctuations in the market prices of
the major agricultural products and assiduously keep up the momentum of rising
income growth among peasants, making sure it neither reverses course nor slows
down. We must make sure that there is no slackening off in the building of the
new countryside and that it is not watered down.

The conference identified the overall demands of agricultural work and rural
work in 2008 and for some time to come as follows: Implement the spirit of the
17th CCP National Congress across the board, hold high the great banner of
socialism with Chinese characteristics, use the Deng Xiaoping Theory and the
important thinking of the "Three representations" as one's guide, implement the
scientific development concept in depth, intensify agricultural infrastructural
development as a priority in accordance with the new demand of bringing about
integrated urban and rural economic and social developments, actively promote
stable agricultural development and continuous income growth among peasants,
work hard to ensure the basic supply of the major agricultural products, take
effective steps to solve the peasants' livelihood issues, and make solid
progress in advancing the construction of the new socialist countryside.

The conference pointed out that in order to stabilize economic and social
developments overall, the most urgent task right now is to come to grips with
agricultural development and income growth for peasants; in order to take the
road of agricultural modernization with Chinese characteristics, the basic
strategy is to vigorously step up agricultural infrastructural development; and
in order to promote integrated urban and rural economic and social developments,
the essential step is to solidly press ahead with the building of the new
socialist countryside.

The conference emphasized that strengthening agriculture as the base and
promoting agricultural development and income growth for peasants are the
critical aspects of agricultural development and rural development and are basic
to the drive to bring about better and faster social and economic developments.
They are the major overall plans concerning "the three rural issues" that the
central authorities have formulated in the interest of economic and social
development as a whole and from the starting point of the urgent needs of rural
development.

The conference pointed out that strengthening agriculture as the base is diverse
in its content and broad in its scope. It includes not only deepening public
understanding of the place of the agricultural base and ensuring the basic
supply of agricultural products, but also expediting rural infrastructural
development, strengthening support for the agricultural scientific and
technological [S&T] and service system, stabilizing and perfecting the basic
rural operations system, perfecting basic public services, and accelerating the
development of rural grass roots organizations.

The conference demanded that we do a good job in the following areas on a
priority basis now and in the near term:

1. Solidify, improve, and strengthen policies designed to strengthen and benefit
agriculture and greatly increase investments in agriculture and in the rural
areas. In accordance with the principles of complying with national conditions,
taking the long-term view, increasing gradually, and perfecting the mechanisms,
we must maintain and improve the system for supporting, protecting, and
subsidizing agriculture. In particular, we must increase subsidies aimed at
protecting and improving agriculture's comprehensive production capability. We
must seize the opportunity created by rapid revenue growth to sharply increase
investments in agriculture and in rural areas next year. We must concentrate
resources to achieve a number of major things, with emphasis on strengthening
the agricultural infrastructure. Government investments in agriculture must
increase by a notably greater amount than in the previous year. Government
capital investment earmarked for agriculture must increase by a notably greater
amount than in the previous year. Government incomes from land sales that go
towards rural construction must increase by a notably greater amount than in the
previous year. We must adjust the way we spend the revenue generated by the
farmland use tax by reserving the majority of the new revenues for "the three
rural issues." We must adjust the range within which revenues generated by the
urban preservation and construction tax are used. When budgeting for the use of
such revenues, a locality must set aside a portion of the money for rural
planning and rural infrastructural development and protection. We must adjust
the matching policy for projects involving agriculture. In drawing up plans for
new capital construction projects in counties that are the focus of the
government's anti-poverty drive, the government should gradually reduce or
eliminate matching funds by the county or by the jurisdiction below the county
if the projects are of a highly public-interest-oriented nature, such as
projects to reinforce dilapidated reservoirs and improve the ecology. Continue
to increase direct subsidies to the peasants. Continue to increase support for
the main grain-producing areas. Increase investments in the development of an
animal epidemic prevention system.

2. Work hard to ensure the basic supply of the main agricultural products.
Actively promote income growth among peasants. Never slacken off in grain
production. Put grain production in an even more prominent place. Implement
every policy in support of agriculture to the letter. Protect and mobilize the
peasants' enthusiasm to grow grains. Stabilize the acreage under grain
cultivation in each and every way. Work hard to raise unit yields and ensure a
steady increase of grain output. Attach a high degree of importance to the
production of "food basket" products. Ensure the stable production of "food
basket" products as well as their stable prices and stable markets. Improve in
earnest animal epidemic prevention and control. Step up agricultural-products
quality security work across the board. Work hard to improve the regulation and
control of the market for agricultural products. Fully tap income growth
potential within agriculture. Develop income growth potential and job
opportunities outside of agriculture. Help peasants find employment outside of
agriculture. Support peasant workers who want to return to their villages to
start a business.

3. Make agricultural infrastructural development a success as a matter of
priority. Speed up the improvement of the terms of production in agriculture.
Vigorously promote irrigation works construction, accelerate the transformation
of large irrigated areas in the direction of water conservation, and popularize
water-efficient facilities and technology. Make sure money is actually made
available to fund dilapidated reservoir reinforcement projects, spell out
responsibilities clearly, and vigorously organize the implementation of those
projects to ensure their quality. Vigorously tackle farmland protection and
quality improvement. Take practical measures to control the taking of farmland
and woodland for projects. Intensify land reclamation and treatment. Intensify
the transformation of low-yield ad medium-yield farmland and expedite the
implementation of land-fertilization projects. Vigorously promote the
mechanization of agriculture. Accelerate the popularization and application of
advanced and practical agricultural machinery that is urgently needed in
production, with emphasis on the major grain-producing areas, mountainous areas
in the south, and snail-fever-infested areas. Vigorously develop agricultural
machinery cooperative organizations, support the development of large
agricultural machinery households, and properly organize inter-regional
agricultural machinery operations. Vigorously promote ecological protection and
construction, continue to implement the key ecological projects, do a proper job
in anti-soil erosion work, establish and perfect a compensation system based on
the ecological benefits of forest, grassland, and water and soil conservation,
intensify the prevention and control of pollution caused by agricultural wastes,
and step up energy conservation and emissions reduction work in rural areas.

4. Strengthen support for agricultural S&T and qualified personnel and
vigorously develop socialized services. Depending on agricultural production
needs, we must further clarify the main direction of our drive for agricultural
S&T advances, expedite the creation of a grass roots agricultural S&T
dissemination system, actively search for an effective mechanism to bring the
achievements of agricultural S&T into the villages and into peasant households,
and assiduously nurture practical qualified personnel for the countryside. We
must vigorously support the special peasant cooperatives, guide all kinds of
market players to participate in the commercialized operation of agriculture,
perfect the rural market system, nurture rural circulation players, and
vigorously promote rural informatization.

5. Accelerate the development of rural social undertakings and intensify rural
infrastructural development. Intensify the implementation of "two exemptions and
one subsidy" as part of rural compulsory education. Besides exempting rural
students from the payment of tuition and miscellaneous fees, we should also
provide them with textbooks totally free of charge. Broaden the scope of the
programme under which we subsidize the living expenses of boarding students
whose families have economic difficulties. Increase support for the new type of
rural cooperative health care. Establish a new type of rural cooperative health
care system on a national scale and greatly raise government subsidy standards.
Increase government support for the guaranteed minimum subsistence system; every
poor rural family that meets the requirements should be covered by the rural
guaranteed minimum subsistence system. The goal is to cover every family that
should be covered. Increase government support for the drive to eradicate
poverty and bring about development. Concentrate resources on the problem of
poverty in the old liberated and revolutionary areas, minority areas, border
regions, and special areas. Intensify rural infrastructural development.
Accelerate the implementation of projects to provide rural areas with safe
drinking water. Increase investments in rural methane. Continue power grid
transformation. Vigorously develop public transportation in rural areas. Step up
infrastructural development in small towns and cities.

6. Stabilize and perfect a basic rural operational system. Deepen rural reform
continuously. Take effective measures to stabilize the rural land contracting
relationship. Enforce and protect the peasants' various rights in land
contracting in accordance with the law. Perfect the marketization of land
contracting and operating rights in accordance with the law and with the
principle of voluntarism with compensation. Strictly practice land requisition
and the examination, approval, and management of rural land for collective uses.
Actively press ahead with the reform of township and town departments and the
fiscal management system in counties and townships, promote the reform of the
collective forest rights system across the board, accelerate the adoption of an
innovative rural banking system, handle village debts properly, and take
effective steps to perfect employment services and a management system for
peasant workers.

The conference emphasized that we must strengthen party leadership over rural
work in earnest and conscientiously discharge our responsibility for organizing
and exercising leadership over the "three rural issues" work. Our work plans,
our allocation of financial resources, and our assignment of cadres must all
reflect the fact that "the three rural issues" is our priority of priorities. We
must continuously improve the leadership mechanism for "the three rural issues"
work. We must intensify rural democratic political construction, cultural
construction, and social management. We must solidly promote rural grass roots
organizational construction and take "the three rural issues" work to a new
level.

The conference emphasized that doing a good job in agricultural work and rural
work this year is an arduous task and a heavy responsibility. We must closely
rally around the CCP Central Committee with Comrade Hu Jintao as its general
secretary, work hard to make the country stronger, break new ground, make
innovations, and do solid work in an all-out effort to strengthen the
agricultural base, create a brand new look in "the three rural issues" work, and
make even greater contributions to seizing new victories in the building of a
well-off society in an all round way.

Hua Jianmin, State Councillor and secretary general of the State Council,
chaired the first plenary meeting. The officials concerned from Heilongjiang,
Zhejiang, Shandong, Hubei, Sichuan, and Gansu provinces delivered remarks at the
conference.

Participants in the conference included members of the Central Rural Work
Leading Group; officials in charge of agricultural and rural work on the party
committees and governments of the various provinces, autonomous regions, and
municipalities directly administered by the central government; officials from
the Xinjiang production and construction corps; and officials in charge from the
departments concerned under the CCP Central Committee, the central government,
and the PLA.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in Chinese 1506 gmt 23 Dec 07

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                               September 20, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Budget is a major test for government on farm income, IFA president tells
Oireachtas agriculture committee

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 609 words


ADDRESSING the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Agriculture, IFA President Joe
Healy said farm families are under serious pressure as cashflow tightens heading
into the Autumn. He set out the farm scheme and taxation measures required in
the Budget and the response needed to deal with the impact of Brexit.

Budget 2017 - Farm Schemes Joe Healy said the Government must use Budget 2017 to
take funding and taxation decisions to alleviate farm income difficulties and
underpin the longer-term development of the sector.

IFA is clear that, having experienced a reduction in funding to the agriculture
budget of almost 40% during the downturn, there must be an increase in funding
in this year's budget for important farm schemes.

Our expenditure priorities for farm schemes in Budget 2017 are: o Funding of
(EURO)250m for agri-environment schemes, with full payments for all GLAS, AEOS
and organic scheme participants.

o Introduction of the targeted sheep scheme of (EURO)25m, with minimal costs and
bureaucracy on farmers, to maximise its benefits.

o Additional funding for the ANCs to reach (EURO)225m, commencing the process of
restoring ANC payments to 2008 levels.

o Immediate reopening of the Beef Data and Genomic Programme to allow new
participants, with additional funding of (EURO)25m to increase support for the
suckler cow.

o A funding allocation of (EURO)50m to the TAMS II programme to meet the demand
across all farming sectors for onfarm investment.

In addition, Farm Assist is a vitally important scheme for low income farm
families, particularly in a year like 2016.

IFA recognises the commitment to a review of Farm Assist in the Programme for
Government. The income and child disregards that were fully abolished in recent
years must be reinstated in this year's Budget.

Budget 2017 - taxation Budget 2017 also provides the opportunity to address
ongoing challenges in farming through the taxation system. Income volatility is
a real challenge. The barriers preventing more farmers from using income
averaging must be removed as a priority. A more targeted and individualised
volatility scheme is required. IFA proposes that: o To maximise the number of
farmers using income averaging, the current restrictions on eligibility where
the farmer's spouse is in self-employment must be removed o In addition, the
income averaging system must be adjusted to allow a farmer on averaging, in a
year when income falls significantly, to pay the tax due for a single year only.
The deferred tax would then be carried forward and paid over a three year
period. This flexibility could assist greatly with cashflow pressures.

Last October's budget finally saw the first steps in removing the discrimination
of the self-employed in the income tax system with the introduction of the
Earned Income Tax Credit.

We recognise the commitment in the Programme for Government to increase this to
match the PAYE credit, by 2018. However, IFA believes that the Government should
equalise the credits fully by 2017, which would give a direct cashflow boost to
farmers and other self-employed. Access to credit - low cost cashflow funding
The farm income difficulties are being compounded by a clear market failure in
the Irish financial sector. The lack of competition and flexibility within the
banking sector is affecting farmers' ability to secure finance at a reasonable
cost Extending merchant credit to deal with cashflow pressures is a high cost
and inefficient form of short-term farm financing.

IFA has identified clearly that the Government, and Minister for Agriculture,
must deliver alternative sources of lower cost long and short term funding for
farm enterprises.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             August 1, 2010 Sunday

Agriculture employs maximum workforce

BYLINE:  Staff Writer

SECTION: Vol. II No. 212

LENGTH: 976  words


Even after 60 years of independence, agriculture continues to be the only
largest sector which is the main source of livelihood for more than 66 per cent
of the Pakistan's population.  Agriculture accounts for 21 percent of the GDP
(Gross Domestic Product) and employs 44 percent of the total cv workforce.

The agriculture sector is at the centre of the national economic policies and
has been designated by all the governments as the engine of national economic
growth and poverty alleviation. Poverty is widespread as over 40 million out of
160 million people are still living below the poverty line.  Agriculture
continues to grow as a supplier of raw materials to industrial sector as well as
to the market for many industrial products and contributes substantially to
Pakistan's exports earnings. In this way, any improvement in agriculture will
not only help Pakistan's economic growth to raise further with a faster rate but
also benefit a large segment of the country's population.

It is indeed our misfortune that despite having a centre place in the country's
economy, agriculture sector could not become a vibrant sector like those of
other developed and developing countries like Canada, Israel etc. in terms of
producing enough wheat, rice, cotton, pulses and dairy products.

However, the landed gentry in Pakistan is thriving as there was no tax on
agricultural income. There has always been a strong agriculture lobby in every
government during the last 60 years which dictated its terms. The poor farmer,
however, continued to suffer as he does not get adequate return of its products.
The late international fame economist Dr Mehboob-ul-Haque used to say that
Pakistan's landed gentry earns about Rs. 600 billion annually but it does not
pay even Rs. 10 billion as part of tax on its income, to strengthen government's
revenue collections.

During the last six year, the agriculture growth has experienced mixed trends.
The country witnessed unprecedented drought during the first two years of the
decade (2000-1 and 2001-2002) which resulted in contraction of agriculture value
added. Hence it registered negative growth in these two years. In the following
years (2002-03 and 2004-05), relatively better availability of irrigation water
had a positive impact on overall agricultural growth and this sector exhibited
modest to strong recovery position.

The overall performance of the agriculture sector remained weak during 2005-06
because its crop particularly major crops could not perform up to the
expectations of speculators. Growth in the agriculture sector registered a sharp
recovery in 2006-07 and grew by 5 per cent as against the preceding year's
growth of 1.6 per cent. But there is no consistency in agriculture growth rate
and it all depends on weather which invariably created problems and successive
governments failed to achieve their targeted growth rates.

Pakistan government does not tire in taking pride to have an all time high 8 per
cent GDP growth rate in 2005-06 which was in fact achieved due to 5 per cent
growth in agriculture. Later, the GDP rate came down to 7 per cent in 2006-07
and the target now for the current financial year has been set at 7 per cent.
There is consensus in official and unofficial quarters that the government needs
to concentrate on food and livestock to have a better agriculture growth which
would ultimately help achieve an improved over all GDP growth in the country.

The role of the research institutions in helping the increased growth rate by
proposing crop patterns and by increasing the percentage production is very
important. Most of the land in Pakistan either had been abandoned or was facing
water logging and salinity and needed the attention of the government. Major
international agencies including the World Bank and the Asian Development
Bank(ADB) are ready to further provide adequate financial assistance to hemp
improve the overall agricultural productivity.

But unfortunately, there is no coherent policy nor there was any coordination
among the economic ministries to improve the agriculture sector. The government
has been urged by the experts to achieve a sustained growth rate of 5-6 per cent
in agriculture which is imperative to ensure a rapid growth in national income,
macroeconomic stability, improvement in distributive justice and a reduction in
poverty. This can be realised by exploiting the achieved potential of all the
sub-sectors of agriculture, diversifying agricultural production towards high
value crops, and conserving land and water resources.

It is also said that the improved factors that may contribute to higher
agricultural growth include increased cultivated areas, enhanced cropping
intensity, multiple cropping, augmented use of various agricultural inputs,
technological change, and technical efficiency. In Pakistan, the potential for
allocating more land and water resources towards agriculture and or scope of
further increase in cropping intensity is limited. Similarly, use of inputs like
fertilizers and pesticides cannot be increased beyond certain limits and also
because of national health and environment concerns.

Therefore, Pakistan would have to depend more heavily on technological change
and improvement of technical efficiency for the desired rapid agricultural
growth. A higher level of investment in agricultural research and development
had been proposed by most of the national and international experts. The
research system is poorly funded, ill-equipped,  weak linked with international
and national stakeholders, thinly staffed with mostly low capacity and
unmotivated scientific manpower. It also lacks autonomy and generally mismanaged
which needed to be taken into account very seriously if at all better
agricultural output is required aimed at reducing poverty and improving the
overall economy of the country.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

Mali: Ecoferme Conservation Agriculture Project

LENGTH: 501  words


Country: Mali (View Country Profile)
Sector: Agriculture and Natural Resources
Type: Development
Project Number: MLI072
Agro-pastoralists in Mali  s SÃ©gou and Mopti regions are experiencing declining
soil fertility and agricultural productivity due to a wide range of social and
ecological conditions. Changing climactic patterns are disrupting traditional
cultivation models, and small farmers do not have resilient strategies and
support structures to cope with these changes. Increasing pressures on land are
fueling youth migration and further marginalizing women by denying them access
to land and agricultural incomes.


The introduction of conservation agriculture (CA) techniques, along with
supporting technical assistance, and efforts to increase youth and womenâ    s
participation in agriculture and related decision-making processes will help
increase agricultural productivity and incomes, increase food security, and
decrease the vulnerability of impoverished farmers in these vulnerable regions.

This proposed three-year project aims to sustainably improve the nutrition and
food security status of ten thousand agro-pastoralist households in 10 communes
of SÃ©gou and Mopti regions through the introduction of conservation agriculture
techniques and gender-sensitive support systems. Technical improvements will
focus on staple food crops as well as farming systems with high potential in
agro-pastoral areas, such as agro-forestry, small-scale irrigation, and
integrated fodder production. The collective effort of men, women, and youth in
participating households is expected to yield significant results, particularly
with regards to:
1) Increased staple food production based on conservation agriculture
techniques;
2) Increased livelihood security and public-private investment in viable income
generating activities especially of women and youth; and
3) Sustainable and equitable management of agriculture production and natural
resources based on secure land user and ownership rights
CARE will reinforce community-based training approaches to complement existing
technical services that currently provide little support to farmers outside the
key value chains of rice and cotton. Successful adoption of these practices and
improvements to household nutritional and food security status can only be
achieved by simultaneously addressing the structural barriers within land tenure
and resource management systems. These systems tend to be dominated by
socio-cultural monopolies, and face significant tensions due to divergent
customary and state laws and regulations. Specific user groups, particularly
women and youth, will acquire secure land use and resource management rights
that will allow for sustainable investment in micro-enterprises based on
conservation agriculture. Community-based negotiations between women, youth, and
key decision makers will focus on appropriate land tenure systems, enhanced
productivity of farming techniques, improved pos

country :Mali
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           November 19, 2011 Saturday

Mali: Ecoferme Conservation Agriculture Project

LENGTH: 501  words


Country: Mali (View Country Profile)
Sector: Agriculture and Natural Resources
Type: Development
Project Number: MLI072
Agro-pastoralists in Mali  s SÃ©gou and Mopti regions are experiencing declining
soil fertility and agricultural productivity due to a wide range of social and
ecological conditions. Changing climactic patterns are disrupting traditional
cultivation models, and small farmers do not have resilient strategies and
support structures to cope with these changes. Increasing pressures on land are
fueling youth migration and further marginalizing women by denying them access
to land and agricultural incomes.


The introduction of conservation agriculture (CA) techniques, along with
supporting technical assistance, and efforts to increase youth and womenâ    s
participation in agriculture and related decision-making processes will help
increase agricultural productivity and incomes, increase food security, and
decrease the vulnerability of impoverished farmers in these vulnerable regions.

This proposed three-year project aims to sustainably improve the nutrition and
food security status of ten thousand agro-pastoralist households in 10 communes
of SÃ©gou and Mopti regions through the introduction of conservation agriculture
techniques and gender-sensitive support systems. Technical improvements will
focus on staple food crops as well as farming systems with high potential in
agro-pastoral areas, such as agro-forestry, small-scale irrigation, and
integrated fodder production. The collective effort of men, women, and youth in
participating households is expected to yield significant results, particularly
with regards to:
1) Increased staple food production based on conservation agriculture
techniques;
2) Increased livelihood security and public-private investment in viable income
generating activities especially of women and youth; and
3) Sustainable and equitable management of agriculture production and natural
resources based on secure land user and ownership rights
CARE will reinforce community-based training approaches to complement existing
technical services that currently provide little support to farmers outside the
key value chains of rice and cotton. Successful adoption of these practices and
improvements to household nutritional and food security status can only be
achieved by simultaneously addressing the structural barriers within land tenure
and resource management systems. These systems tend to be dominated by
socio-cultural monopolies, and face significant tensions due to divergent
customary and state laws and regulations. Specific user groups, particularly
women and youth, will acquire secure land use and resource management rights
that will allow for sustainable investment in micro-enterprises based on
conservation agriculture. Community-based negotiations between women, youth, and
key decision makers will focus on appropriate land tenure systems, enhanced
productivity of farming techniques, improved pos

country :Mali
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             July 6, 2005 Wednesday

Helping seniors eat well

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 431 words


Low-income seniors can sign up today at Springfield's downtown farmers market
for $15 in coupons redeemable for free produce there.

The Area Agency on Aging for Lincolnland will have a sign-up table at the Old
Capitol Farmers Market from 8 a.m. to noon today and next Wednesday, July 13.
The Senior Farmers Market Nutrition Program is a nationwide U.S. Department of
Agriculture initiative to encourage healthy eating and assist local farmers
markets.

"It's a very popular program," said Julie Hubbard of the local aging agency.
"We've had over 520 calls and we have quite a waiting list" of people eager for
the coupons to be distributed.

People age 60 and over who meet income limits can get a booklet that has five
coupons, each worth $3. The coupons can be redeemed for fresh, unprocessed
fruits, vegetables and herbs at the stands of participating vendors.

To be eligible, applicants must have an annual income of no more than $17,705
for a single-person household or $23,736 for a family of two.

People signing up for the program do not need to bring any documents to prove
their income, but they will be asked to sign a form certifying that they are
eligible. Each person may receive only one coupon book per season.

Applicants do not have to live in Sangamon County to qualify.

Besides the Springfield farmers market, the discount coupons also can be used at
the Chatham Farmers Market, 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Thursdays on the downtown Chatham
Square through Oct. 27. The coupons are good until the end of the market season.

The 2002 federal farm bill authorized $15 million annually to operate the Senior
Farmers Market Nutrition Program for fiscal years 2003 through 2007. Grants were
made to 47 states; the Illinois grant is administered by the Illinois Department
of Human Services. Nationwide, the program is expected to serve 800,000 seniors
this year.

Hubbard said 1,400 coupon books were allotted for Sangamon County.

Program rules specify that the coupons cannot be used on certain foods,
including dried fruits and vegetables, nuts, honey, maple syrup and molasses.
Herbs must be freshly cut, not potted or dried.

The Old Capitol Farmers Market is open from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesdays and
Saturdays on Adams Street between Third and Fifth streets through Oct. 29.

For more information about the program, contact the Area Agency on Aging for
Lincolnland at 787-9234 or (800) 252-2918. In Morgan County, the coupons are
distributed by the Prairie Council on Aging, which can be reached at 479-4600,
ext. 247 or (800) 862-4464.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

                   Copyright 2005 The State Journal-Register


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 21, 2010 Tuesday

Column : Rural India goes urban

BYLINE: rajesh shukla

LENGTH: 683  words


Most discussions on the National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (NREGA) have
focused on one of few things, the leakages in the implementation of the scheme,
the inadequate number of jobs created, and some even talk of how NREGA has
resulted in food inflation going up in various districts as well as increasing
mechanisation due to unavailability of farm labour. It is, of course, true that
you can't have food inflation and disappearance of labour due to NREGA if its
implementation is not good-critics have to decide which way they're going, they
can't have both views at the same time.

What is true, and NREGA may have something to do with it, is there has been a
sea change in rural India in even just the last five years. The NREGA Website
tells us that 45 million households have NREGA cards. That's equal to around 30%
of all rural households. It is clear that not all these households have got jobs
from NREGA, nor is it true that all of them have got the legislated 100 days of
employment in a year. But what NREGA has done is change the way rural folk view
employment. In 2004-05, NCAER conducted its National Survey of Household Income
and Expenditure across the country-a survey we have been conducting almost
annually since the mid-1980s. What it showed was that 41% of the rural
population was drawing their income from self-employed in agriculture; 35%
reported labour as their major source of earning and 11% said they were
salaried.

In 2009-10, we repeated the exercise in the form of the National Youth
Readership Survey. This showed an interesting shift. Those reporting themselves
as self-employed in agriculture fell to 23% and those who earned their principal
income from labour rose to 42%. You could argue both are essentially related to
agriculture, so the change isn't that high. That's not true, since the
proportion of households reporting their principal income as coming from
salaries rose from 11% in the 2004-05 survey to 19% in 2009-10. But surely the
fact that a lot more persons, even if they continue to remain within agriculture
, are reporting labour as their income source. This is the real victory of
NREGA: the change in perception of labour as a means of livelihood.

Equally interesting, according to a NCAER-PIF study, Evaluating Performance of
NREGA (Sharma, 2009), there has been a 49% jump in employment generation for
women, leading to the fulfilment of one of the key objectives of the programme,
viz 33% share for women. It must be pointed out here that the credit for the
national average striking 43% in this area goes wholly to the southern
states-elsewhere, female participation rates ranged from 1% in J&K to 19% in
West Bengal.

The shift of rural folks from agriculture to labour may be seen in the wider
context of falling levels of protection, reducing acreage and lowering of social
security nets in the sector. The Economic Survey (2009-10) says that public
investment in agriculture, in real terms, has steadily declined in the Sixth and
Tenth Plan periods (1980-2007 at 1999-2000 prices). In the first two years of
the Eleventh Plan, the agriculture and allied sector recorded a growth of 4.7%
in 2007-08 and 1.6% in 2008-09. All of which would suggest agriculture is less
of a lucrative profession nowadays.

The news isn't all good though. The National Youth Readership Survey (2009)
found that of the total literate youth population (333 million), 62%, or 207
million, lived in rural areas. Not all these youth can find satisfying jobs in
rural India. Logically, the solution has to be more urbanisation. But with urban
India not able to absorb them, urban slums are the result. NREGA can help reduce
the pressure for migration for a while, it cannot provide a permanent solution,
and it cannot provide a solution for the educated. The policy message is: do not
restrict NREGA to digging trenches and sinking wells but link it to skill
development for the younger generation through entrepreneurial education and
training so that there can be micro industrialisation in rural areas, both farm
and non-farm based.

The author is director, NCAER-CMCR

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 26, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farm Income Drop Seen

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 30 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 25


A new report by the Agriculture Department forecasts that net cash income of
farmers will total $50 billion to $55 billion this year, down from a record $57
billion in 1987.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

PM FOR FAIR RETURN OF PRODUCE TO FARMERS

LENGTH: 373 words


ISLAMABAD, April 27: Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz has directed Ministry of Food
and Agriculture to ensure that farmers get wheat price of Rs.425 per bag as
fixed by the government and the process of procurement is streamlined. The Prime
Minister was talking to Federal Minister for Food and Agriculture Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan, Minister of State for Agriculture Mr. Muhammad Ali Malkani and MNA
Mr. M. P. Bhandara who called on him here Friday.

The Prime Minister said there is significant increase in the productivity of the
agriculture sector and this year record Rabi crops are expected which will have
a positive impact on our growth targets in addition to augmenting the income of
farmers.

The government, the Prime Minister said, will ensure that the farmers get fair
return of their produce.

The Prime Minister said about 62% of our population is directly and indirectly
linked with agriculture and the government is focusing on increasing yield,
modern farming systems and value addition to augment farmers' income.

The Prime Minister said that the subsidy provided by the government on DAP,
phosphoric and potassic fertilizers promoted balanced use of fertilizers and
helped increase the agricultural output.

The Prime Minister said the government is also promoting use of modern
techniques and application of latest research in the dairy and livestock sector
to enable the farmers run their farms on modern lines.

The Prime Minister said poverty has declined in the rural areas from 39.3percent
in 2001 to 28.1 percent in 2005. The increase in the sale of consumer items
testified by the companies producing such goods is a testimony of better
purchasing power and improved living standards there.

The Prime Minister said the record crops this year will bring further
improvement in the rural areas. He said that continued increase in agricultural
productivity will increase the farm income and hence reduce the poverty level
even further.

Minister for Food & Agriculture informed the Prime Minister that his Ministry
has made arrangements to ensure procurement of wheat in an efficient manner.

He said PASSCO and provincial food departments have been started purchase of
wheat and bags are available at the procurement centers.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture Department; Pricing; Regulation/Government Policy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                        Copyright 2007 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                      May 11, 1993, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Liberals pledge to guarantee farm incomes

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 328 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


   The federal Liberal party wants to replace farm support programs with a
broadly based insurance plan that would provide guaranteed incomes to farmers.

The plan would replace the current gross revenue insurance program by 1995 if
the Liberals form the next government, party leader Jean Chretien said
yesterday.

He said the program would cost an additional $22 million but other savings would
make up the difference and Liberal changes to agriculture would cost no more
than current programs.

''Farm families need long-term programs to assist them in securing their future,
so that they can continue to provide Canadians with the best quality food in the
world,'' Chretien said in releasing the agriculture program.

He said the program would not be tied to certain crops, like the current
insurance plan. That way, farmers could adapt more quickly to changing world
agriculture markets.

The Liberals also proposed:

Allowing new farmers and those who have lost their farms through foreclosures to
lease land from the Farm Credit Corp.

Establishing a long-term mortgage program that would remove the uncertainty of
rate fluctuations for farmers.

Setting up a foreign marketing agency to sell Canadian farm products abroad.

Changing parts of the free trade agreement and the new continental trade pact to
stop harassment of Canadian farmers.

Chretien said his party thinks the government should keep the status quo on two
controversial agriculture issues.

The possibility of barley producers selling their products directly to the U.S.
instead of through the Canadian Wheat Board is under investigation. But Chretien
said farmers do not want to change the system.

And he said a plan to pay transportation subsidies directly to farmers should
also be put on hold. The Tory government wants to change the system so that
farmers get grain transportation subsidies instead of the current system of
paying the railways.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: APPOINTMENT NOTICE

                       Copyright 1993 Financial Post Ltd.


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 13, 2010 Saturday

American farmers honored

BYLINE: Ryan Davis, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Feb. 13--The Buchanan County Farm Bureau delivered a simple message to Hy-Vee
shoppers Friday: Give credit where credit is due.

Throughout the years, Americans have spent less and less of their disposable
personal income on food. The local farm bureau highlighted this fact, among
others, during its annual weeklong push to celebrate the contributions of
American farmers. The Hy-Vee outing Friday was the keynote event planned for the
week.

American families and individuals currently spend around 10 percent of their
disposable personal income on food, according to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Economic Research Service. To put that figure in perspective,
Americans spent 23.4 percent of their disposable personal income on food in
1929. In 1980, Americans spent 13.2 percent of such income on food.

"(It is due to) the efficient and productive (American) farmer," said Regan
Atha, a member of the Buchanan County Farm Bureau.

The current figure is slightly higher than in 2008, largely due to the
recession.

"Food prices don't tend to decline very much (during recessions)," said Ronald
Plain, agricultural economist at the University of Missouri.

Correspondingly, people "don't give up eating during recessions," he added. They
do, however, give up other forms of spending.

Nevertheless, compared to their Chinese, Pakistani or Japanese counterparts,
Americans still spend relatively small portions of their income on food.

"The U.S. spends the lowest percentage of our income on food than any other
country in the world," said Mr. Plain.

Generally speaking, the wealthier the nation, the smaller the share of income
spent on food.

"We've got an agricultural system that uses lots of technology and is very
efficient," said Mr. Plain.

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com. Copyright (c) 2010, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100213-JM-FARMERS-20100213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2010 St. Joseph News-Press


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 9, 1987 Thursday

Grain growers bracing for stormy year with declining prices,   stiffer
competition

BYLINE: JOHN KOHUT; GAM

LENGTH: 566 words


BY  JOHN KOHUT
 The Globe and Mail
  Falling prices and stiff international competition are blowing up
another stormy year for Canadian grain growers, although livestock
producers can expect a profitable year.

Meanwhile, the consumer is likely to see food prices rise 3 to 5 per
cent, mainly because of higher labor costs, the federal Department of
Agriculture said in its quarterly outlook.

The department has revised its forecast for net farm income upward - to
about last year's level of $4.74-billion. This compares with a December
forecast of $3.82-billion.

The revision does not come from improved crop prospects, but rather is
the result of a $1-billion subsidy from the federal Special Canadian
Grains Program announced in December to offset the impact of an
international grain war. The money is being paid in two instalments, in
January and April.

Even with the injection of federal aid, farm income in Western Canada,
where most of Canada's grain is grown, is expected to fall 2.6 per cent,
an Agriculture Department official said. However, in Eastern Canada, farm
income is expected to rise about 5.3 per cent.

Despite rock-bottom prices and world oversupply, the United States is
expected to increase wheat production, and the European Community will
grow about the same amount of wheat as it did last year, the report said.

Research for the department's survey was completed in February, before
the United States released a report on planting intentions that shows
farmers will cut wheat acreage 11 per cent to about 61.7 million acres.

A Canadian Agriculture Department official said a drop in U.S. wheat
acreage might be offset by improved yields after last year's below-average
crop.

Canadian producers are likely to cut wheat acreage 4 per cent to 33.6
million acres, bringing production down 16 per cent to 26.6 million metric
tons from last year's 31.85 million, the report said.

A recent Statistics Canada survey of planting intentions indicates
farmers will cut wheat acreage 7.2 per cent.

Nevertheless, the reductions will not be enough to buoy prices. U.S.
and EC subsidies still will help keep grain production well above
consumption, meaning Canadian wheat prices will fall 10 to 15 per cent in
the coming year, according to the report.

One beneficiary of low grain prices will be the meat sector. The report
said low feed grain prices and low interest rates will contribute to
continued profitability for Canadian producers of pork and beef, a sector
that faces increased competition from poultry for market share.

Lower cattle numbers and continuing herd expansion will mean a drop in
beef production of 5 per cent or more from last year's 3.2 million head of
slaughtered cattle, according to the report. However, large supplies of
poultry and pork will temper any rise in red meat prices.

The report painted a mixed picture for other crops. Although fair
weather and little winter damage have given horticulture a good start to
the year, the tobacco industry, for example, still faces a tough time in
adjusting to the decline in cigaret sales and to excess stocks.

The dollar's stronger performance against its U.S. counterpart could
help keep grocery price increases to about 3 per cent, although a rise of
about 5 per cent is possible. The main cause of any price rises is likely
to be labor costs, which are forecast to climb 3.2 per cent, and packaging
costs, which are expected to be 4 per cent higher than in 1986.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           December 14, 2010 Tuesday

Farm incomes rise 46pc as cereals lead recovery

SECTION:

LENGTH: 460 words


The agriculture sector has rebounded after two years of low prices to generate a
46pc rise in farm income this year, provisional figures from the Central
Statistics Office have revealed.

The major recovery in incomes was driven by increases in the value of milk,
cattle and particularly cereals over the past 12 months.

The figures reveal that farm incomes have recovered after they fell by 40pc in
2009 and 2008.

Comparing this year withlast year, the CSO analysis showed that goods outputat
producer prices rose by 16.3pc or EUR767.3m, whilemilk output rose by 38.8pc or
EUR427m.

The value of cattle went up 12.2pc or EUR177.6m, while a 7.8pc increase in the
value of pigs output generated an additional EUR24m.

However, the biggest difference between last year and this, in a single sector,
was the 88.8pc-- EUR12.3m -- difference between the value of cereals in 2009 and
the past 12 months.

This year's figure of EUR202m for cereal output was the second highest annual
figure in the past 15 years, according to Minister for Agriculture Brendan
Smith.

The minister welcomed the figures, which he said pointed to a massive recovery
following a very difficult 2009.

He added that the 7.2pc increase in dairy productionwas a very positive first
step towards achieving the ambitious targets set out in theFood Harvest 2020
report.

IFA president John Bryan said the increase indicated a strong recovery in the
sector after two very difficult years in agriculture and amounted to an average
farm income of EUR17,500 in the past year.

"The single farm payment and the farm schemes are crucial for all farm families
and continue to make up a very significant proportion of net farm income," he
said.

Collapsed

"From a point 12 months ago when farm incomes collapsed, this improvement is
very much needed by farm families whose livelihoods were badly affected by a
range of factors in 2008 and 2009."

However, ICMSA general secretary Ciaran Dolan said it was important to note
thatthe estimated income in the past 12 months was virtually the same as 2008
and some more telling facts were revealed when the figures were analysed.

"We see that the value of milk output this year has not recovered to the 2008
figure, while energy costs have increased by 8.5pc," he said.

"Yet the country still awaits any action on reducing the extremely high costs of
electricity that goes past yet another empty review.

"There was a welcome decrease in interest payments of 17pc brought about,
primarily, by lower interest rates because the capital amounts outstanding only
decreased by 10pc.

"This clearly is a majorissue, given the weakness of Irish banks and the fact
that competition in the banking sector will be lower while the cost of funds to
the bankswill increase."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

'Agriculture development key to combatting poverty'

LENGTH: 439  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 26 -- The agriculture experts and scientists on Tuesday said
that poverty is the biggest challenge the country has been facing and it could
only be combated through investments in the agriculture sector. "We have to win
war against poverty and agriculture is the key in this regard," said Ministry of
National Food Security and Research (MNSF&R) Secretary Seerat Asghar while
speaking at the concluding session of a two-day annual conference on
"Agricultural Innovations for Improved Productivity and Economic Growth".The
conference was organised by the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre
(CIMMYT) in collaboration with the United States for International Development
(USAID) and Pakistan Agricultural Research Council (PARC). The federal secretary
said that an investment of $1 in the agriculture sector has an impact of an
investment of $3 in other sectors in terms of alleviating poverty from the
country.

Quoting the World Bank, he said when agriculture income increases by 5%, the
income of other sectors automatically enhances by 8%. "This indicates that we
need to invest in the agriculture sector, however, currently the investment in
agriculture sector were very low. Although the 18th amendment has provided more
power to the federation to regulate the agriculture sector, it also badly
impacted the agriculture funding as provincial assistance to the sector has
drastically come down," he added. He said according to the reports, grain and
cotton prices would remain depressed during the next five years, so there is
need of devising a comprehensive strategy to cope with its negative impacts. The
federal secretary said that agriculture was the only sector that could lead the
country towards sustainable growth, productivity and prosperity. He stressed the
importance of promoting livestock sector of the country that could also help
promote the economy. Speaking on the occasion, CIMMYT Director General Dr Martin
Kropff said utilisation of latest technologies and development of value chain
for marketing of the agriculture produce would help uplift the agriculture
sector. He also highlighted the importance of reducing cost of production, using
balanced fertiliser and establishing linkage for coordination, and said these
steps were imperatives for development of the agriculture sector. He urged for
taking steps to cope with the challenges and ensure sufficient food for growing
populations.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

CCI asks provinces to increase agri tax

BYLINE:  Sajid Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 152

LENGTH: 479  words


The Council of Common Interests (CCI), on Wednesday, constituted a committee of
the federal and provincial governments to consider increasing agriculture tax
with a uniform rate and decide mode of assessment and revenue collection within
the shortest possible time.

Provinces were of the view that agriculture income tax was a provincial subject
and should be left with them. Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani chaired the CCI
meeting that had seven containments in its agenda.

For the purpose of harmonisation of agriculture income tax, the CCI decided to
constitute a committee of the Centre and all provinces to develop a uniform
approach and reconcile the policy in this regard. It was observed that
agriculture income tax was already levied, but the system for its collection was
to be improved that would help the provinces not only finance their development
schemes but also improve the national tax to GDP ratio.

The council also agreed in principle to a proposal to streamline the revenues of
the federal regulatory authorities like the OGRA, NEPRA, PEMRA, etc. It was
proposed that the amount over and above the budgetary requirements collected by
various regulatory authorities in the shape of licence fee, penalties and fines
would be deposited to the Federal Consolidated Fund. Although the matter did not
relate directly to the provinces, they would ultimately benefit from this
proposal. The relevant legislations of these authorities would accordingly be
amended.

In the wake of increased responsibilities of the Security and Exchange
Commission of Pakistan (SECP), a draft amendment bill 2011 was presented before
the CCI that was unanimously approved.

The council was informed that consultations on this account with all
stakeholders in the public and private sectors had been continuing since last
five years. It was decided that the bill would be presented before parliament
for approval.

Regarding the devolution of the National Education Foundation (NEF) and National
Commission for Human Development (NCHD), it was decided that the budget,
including salaries of employees of both the organisations, until June 30 would
be cleared by the federal government.

NCHD Chairperson Dr Nafeesa Shah would consult the provinces for further
continuation of these entities.

Regarding the allocation of 200-cusec water annually for drinking purposes for
Islamabad, it was decided that the Ministry of Water and Power would negotiate
with the Sindh government on proportionate sharing of water according to water
accord by all the provinces.

In order to make the Indus River System Authority (IRSA) financially independent
and self-sustaining, it was proposed that a nominal levy of 30 paisa per acre
feet at all the canal heads and half paisa per watt of electricity generated
would be charged that would be shared by the provinces, WAPDA and Pakistan
Atomic Energy Commission.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 6, 2005 Sunday

Official: Food still a 'bargain' for shoppers; Jo Daviess County Farm Bureau
plans Checkout Day events

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b4

LENGTH: 705 words


Prices for almost all of life's necessities are climbing, including food. But a
local farm group hopes people will keep those costs in perspective.

Between Jan. 1 and Feb. 7, the average American will have earned enough
disposable income to pay for his or her food supply for the entire year,
according to the Jo Daviess County (Ill.) Farm Bureau.

The Jo Daviess Farm Bureau is celebrating Monday as Food Checkout Day. To mark
the occasion, the Young Farmers Committee will buy grocery items Monday at local
food stores. The committee will randomly select shoppers and separate
non-grocery from grocery items and then buy selected shoppers' grocery items.

The group will be at Hartzell's IGA in Warren at 9 a.m., Sullivan Foods in
Stockton at 10:30 a.m., Elizabeth Market at noon, Hanover Supermarket at 1:30
p.m., Wal-Mart Supercenter in Galena at 3 p.m., and Dick's Supermarket in Galena
at 4:30 p.m. for the Supermarket Scramble.

Watch State's Attorney Terry Kurt, Jo Daviess County board member Yerda Potter,
Lt. Tim Wand, of the Jo Daviess County Sheriff's Department, Jo Daviess County
Treasurer Carol Soat and Jo Daviess County Farm Bureau President Nick Tranel, as
they race through the store searching for a variety of products made from a
"secret" ingredient. The ingredient will be revealed immediately prior to the
scramble.

Why is the Farm Bureau doing all this? It wants to bring some perspective to
food costs. According to the latest statistics compiled by the Agriculture
Department's Economic Research Service, Americans spend, on average, just 10
percent of their disposable income on food.

Applying the 10 percent statistic to the calendar year, it means the average
household will have earned enough disposable income - that portion of income
available for spending or saving - to pay for its annual food supply in just 37
days.

In comparison, Tax Freedom Day, the day the average American had earned enough
money to pay federal, state and local taxes, was April 27 last year, according
to the Tax Foundation.

"Rather than being an economic burden, food remains quite a bargain for
shoppers. That's the way it should be," said Jessica Kilburg, manager of the Jo
Daviess County Farm Bureau.

*

Debate on reopening the U.S. border to Canadian cattle could continue until the
cows come home.

Some American agriculture groups and lawmakers are fighting Canadian imports,
while others - including our Agriculture Department - say the border should be
reopened.

The genesis of the controversy is the discovery of three cases of mad cow
disease in Canada, and the American response. Currently, under a September 2003
rule, only beef from animals 30 months of age or younger is permitted from
Canada.

That is set to change on March 7. A new U.S. Department of Agriculture rule will
allow the importing of animals less than 30 months of age for slaughter as well
as beef from animals born after Canada banned ruminant proteins from cattle feed
in 1997.

A pair of lawsuits and legislation introduced recently in Congress might
postpone the effective date of the new rule.

Recently, two new cases of mad cow disease were confirmed in Canada. The first
case was in a cow born before the feed ban, but the second case was in a cow
born after the feed ban, calling Canada's enforcement of the ban into question.

Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, urged U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns to
withdraw the rule opening the Canadian border. "I am concerned this rule was
specially written to reopen the border with Canada and too little thought was
given to its details and implications," Harkin said.

He is concerned that imports from Canada under the Agriculture Department's
current plan would potentially jeopardize American efforts to restore beef trade
with countries like Japan and South Korea.

In 2003, the United States sold $1.1 billion worth of beef to Japan, then
America's top beef export market. Those sales were cut with the Dec. 23, 2003,
discovery in Washington state of a case of mad cow disease in a dairy cow of
Canadian origin.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

No new farm aid: Strahl

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 608  words


There aren't any current plans to dole out more emergency farm aid to producers
for spring seeding, federal Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl said Monday at the
close of his first meeting with his provincial counterparts.

"There are no plans for another ad hoc program from the federal perspective,"
Strahl said from Harrison Hot Springs, B.C.

"There are ideas being tossed about, about how we can help and help soon ... but
I have no authority nor was there broad discussion about the desirability of
another broad, ad hoc program," said Strahl, who pointed to the fact the Tories
have yet to unveil and pass a budget. "I'm sure if the feds just want to trot
out a bunch of money, that provinces won't mind but that's just not in the
cards."

Strahl did point to the $755 million payout the Conservatives are fast-tracking
to farmers. That aid money, of which Saskatchewan producers should get about
$290 million, was announced late last year by the former Liberal government.

Strahl also said provincial ministers agreed that the farm safety net known as
the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization, or CAIS, program, should be
"transformed" and not necessarily replaced outright as the Conservatives had
pledged.

"I'm keeping a very open mind as to what we may end up with," said Strahl. "The
provinces are very keen that we not throw the baby out with the bath water."

The meeting left Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman disappointed his
request for farm aid was not successful.

The Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan had also called for
federal farm aid, while farmers in Ontario protested in that province Monday
over dire farm finances.

Both the Saskatchewan NDP government and the Opposition Saskatchewan Party were
backing a call for $200 million -- a request based on federal estimates that
Saskatchewan will record a realized net farm income of minus $200 million this
year.

"I was hoping that we'd hear some of the promised $500 million might be used to
bring us at least to that zero point (for our net farm income), " said Wartman,
referring to the new money the Tories said they would add to the agriculture
budget each year.

The province is not in a position to come up with that amount of farm aid
without Ottawa's help, said Wartman, noting the NDP's recent multimillion-dollar
commitment to education property tax relief on farmland.

The affordability of cost-shared programs such as CAIS, split 60-40 by the
federal and provincial governments, continue to place an undue burden on
taxpayers in Saskatchewan with its relatively small population and large amount
of farmland, Wartman said.

Meanwhile, Strahl said he feels World Trade Organization talks around
agriculture have potential to be a good news story for Canadian agriculture "if
we play our cards right."

Ministers agree about the importance of Canada's efforts to strengthen market
access and to achieve a more level playing field for producers and processors,
he said. "We are not prepared to trade off one sector against the other."

Discussion about the next generation of domestic farm policies, with most
elements of existing agreements set to expire in 2008, resulted in an
"aggressive timeline" for reviewing the situation, Strahl said.

He also acknowledged avian influenza (AI) continues to be a concern. "I do
believe there is a shared view that AI in North America is a matter of when, not
if." Ministers directed officials to continue to work with all relevant
authorities on areas such as biosecurity related to commercial operations and
backyard flocks, including segregation from wild birds, and communications with
stakeholders and the public.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Watertown Daily Times

                            August 22, 2005, Monday

Grant worth $ 53K obtained for Lewis County, N.Y., housing rehab

LENGTH: 261 words



Rep. John M. McHugh, R-Pierrepont Manor, has secured a $ 53,000 U.S. Department
of Agriculture grant for Snow Belt Housing Company Inc. in Lewis County.

The funds, available through USDA's Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant
program, will be used to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in
rehabilitating their homes. Assistance is also available to rental property
owners to repair and rehabilitate units, providing they agree to make the units
available to low-income families.

Snow Belt Housing is a nonprofit corporation that provides affordable housing
for low- and moderate-income people in Lewis County. The organization offers
application assistance to individuals and municipalities, homeownership
training, programs for single-family home repair and rehabilitation as well as
rental housing.

The objective of the USDA Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant program
is to repair or rehabilitate individual housing, rental properties, or
cooperatives owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural people.

Financial assistance may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on
commercial loans, or other assistance.



-----

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2005, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: WE-HOUSING-GRANT-20050822

JOURNAL-CODE: WE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Watertown Daily Times


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Sector shift in survey report

BYLINE: Subrat Das

LENGTH: 496  words


Bhubaneswar, March 17: A marked shift from agriculture to non-agriculture sector
with focus on industries pepped up Odisha's economy, significantly reducing the
level of poverty over the past two decades.

"The structural shift is well pronounced in Odisha from agriculture to non-
agriculture sectors. The shift continues to exist with same trend during 2011-12
to 2015-16," says Odisha Economic Survey for 2015-16, which was laid in the
Assembly today.

"The standard of living in Odisha has improved over the years with the rise in
real per capita income (the state's per capita income rose to Rs 24,542 during
2011-12)," says the survey, adding that the per capita income in 2015-16 is
expected to register an increase by 4.95 per cent over 2014-15 and 17.22 per
cent over 2011-12.

This was also corroborated by the speech of chief minister Naveen Patnaik while
concluding the debate on the thanksgiving motion on the governor's address
tonight. The Odisha chief minister said the economic situation had further
improved with better revenue mobilisation measures.

"We have been able to increase our tax revenue by 17.43 per cent and non-tax
revenue receipt by 10.40 per cent," said Naveen.

However, contrary to these claims, The Telegraph had carried a report, "Big on
talk, low on rank" yesterday - which referred to a survey conducted by a
Bangalore-based think-tank Public Affairs Centre, which showed that Odisha
stands 15th among the country's 17 large states in the field of governance.

Citing the report, Congress MLA Anshuman Mohanty, while taking part in the
thanksgiving motion, said Odisha stood at the 16th position in the transparency
index. The government is yet to appoint a Lokayukta and websites of most of the
government department are not updated, he said.

The economic survey states that the standard of living in Odisha has improved
over the years with the rise in per capita income. However, the continuing gap
in per capita income between India and Odisha continues to be a "matter of
concern".

The survey also admitted increase in share of marginal workers in the total
workforce having gone up from 33 per cent in 2001 to 39 per cent in 2011.

However, the workers' participation ratio in Odisha has shown signs of
improvement in the past three decades.

In the agriculture sector, recurring natural disaster such as cyclones, floods
and droughts have led to fluctuations in growth rate and value addition. But
despite this, the sector continued to be the biggest employer in Odisha.

On the other hand, the industry sector contributed 39 per cent of average share
of Odisha's Gross State Domestic Product between 2011-2012 and 2014-15.

This sector expects to grow at 10.5 per cent in 2015-16 but the growth of the
sector is driven by the manufacturing industries.

The services sector overtook Odisha's agriculture sector as the major
contributor to the economy. It has an average share of 41 per cent of the Gross
State Domestic Product between 2011-12 and 2014-15.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Provinces, feds ante $5.5 billion in farm aid

BYLINE: CHRIS MORRIS

SECTION: News; A10

LENGTH: 453 words

DATELINE: FREDERICTON


Canada's agriculture ministers have signed a multibillion-dollar agreement
designed to take at least some of the uncertainty out of the risky business of
farming.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief said yesterday the three-year
agreement will provide federal and provincial funding worth as much as $5.5
billion.

''Although there's still more work to be done, I believe that today's agreement
marks an important milestone in farm income support,'' Vanclief said during the
annual meeting of agriculture ministers in Fredericton.

The deal comes into effect this year. The ministers still have to work out the
details of an income disaster program to compensate farmers devastated by
natural catastrophes such as floods, drought and the vagaries of commodity
markets.

The need for such protection was underscored this week when the southwestern
Saskatchewan village of Vanguard was inundated with 333 millimetres of rain,
more than a year's worth in just 10 hours.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Dwain Lingenfelter, who decided to quit
politics this week, said it's too soon to say whether Vanguard farmers will
qualify for the new farm safety net.

But Lingenfelter, like the other provincial ministers, was enthusiastic about
the aid package. ''This framework will add hope and optimism to the farm
community in Saskatchewan,'' he said.

Ottawa will provide $3.3 billion and the provinces up to $2.2 billion over the
next three years for a variety of safety- net programs, such as crop insurance,
cash advances, an income stabilization account, income disaster protection and a
number of programs aimed specifically at certain provinces.

All farm support programs are cost-shared between Ottawa and the provinces. For
every $60 Ottawa puts in, the provinces must add $40.

Ernie Hardeman, Ontario's agriculture minister, said the deal finally recognizes
Ontario's demand for a fairer share of safety-net funding. Ontario contributes
almost 25 per cent of Canada's agriculture and food production.

Most of the money will go to basic safety-net programs, and there's some
grumbling that Ottawa has reduced its share of the disaster-fund allocation from
$500 million to $435 million.

Quebec Agriculture Minister Remy Trudel is pushing for a true insurance fund for
disaster relief, with a dedicated pot of money that is always available. ''We'll
continue working so that federal funds for disaster assistance accumulate in a
bona-fide insurance fund.''

Bob Friesen, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said there
needs to be more money for disaster protection.

However, he said farmers are pleased with the over-all agreement.


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: MACGILLIVRAY, CP / Lyle Vanclief announced deal yesterday.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                              July 20, 2012 Friday

'70 cr to boost farm sector in Punjab

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, July 20 -- The Punjab Government today said a sum of Rs 70 crore has
been released to the state agriculture department during this fiscal to help
boost the farm sector. This will help bail out the beleaguered peasantry of the
state by encouraging diversification of the agriculture, besides upgradation of
the agriculture infrastructure in the state, an official spokesperson said here
today. Out of Rs 70 crore, a major chunk of Rs 26.75 crore has been earmarked
for conservation of the irrigation water in the state, he added.

A sum of Rs 16 crore would be spent on providing much required medicines in
Veterinary Hospitals/Poly Clinics for preventing the spread of diseases amongst
the animals and breed improvement of cattle. To bridge the technological gaps in
the farm practices and to encourage the farmers to adopt ultra modern techniques
in the filed of agriculture, a sum of Rs 8 crore will be spent on the setting up
a Integrated Farmer's Training Centre in Gurdaspur. Chief Minister Parkash Singh
Badal has issued special directions to the agriculture department that major
emphasis should be laid down on the diversification of agriculture, the official
added. Money released under the Rashtriya Krishi Vigyan Yojna, will help improve
sustainability of the agriculture enormously besides increasing the income of
the farmers "because the exorbitant hike in the cost of agricultural inputs has
rendered the farming profession a non-profitable venture", he said. "Therefore,
the Chief Minister has directed the agriculture department to make focused
attention for motivating the farmers to adopt dairy farming and fishery as
allied profession apart from horticulture, which too has a tremendous scope for
boosting the income of the peasantry," he said. Asum of Rs 2 crore has been
earmarked for establishing Perishable Cargo centre at International Airport
Amritsar so as to boost the export of horticulture products to the Commonwealth
Independent States and the Middle East countries, he added. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2012 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday

Govt Determined to Increase Agricutural Growth Rate - Chenda

BYLINE: Charity Moonga

LENGTH: 383 words


AGRICULTURE, Food and Fisheries Minister, Emmanuel Chenda has said Zambia is
determined to increase the agricultural growth rate from the current one per
cent to 10 per cent by the year 2015.

Mr Chenda said if achieved, the move would increase household income and ensure
that a large part of the population was food secure.

He bemoaned the high poverty levels in the country, which were at 80 per cent.

Mr Chenda said this at the launch of a Consultative Group International
Agriculture Research (CGIAR) programme on harnessing the development potential
of aquatic agricultural systems in Zambia.

He said small crop yields per hectare were low and that small-holder farmers
were land constrained, with about 50 per cent of farmers not earning any
significant income.

The agriculture sector had also continued to be vulnerable to weather shocks.

He said Zambia had since signed a national compact under the Comprehensive
Africa Agriculture Development Programme to increase and improve the quality of
Zambia's investment in the agriculture sector.

"Our priorities are to increase agricultural productivity and to support the
diversification of agriculture beyond maize production to strengthen economic
and nutritional benefits," Mr Chenda said.

He said the Government would work with the private sector to develop agriculture
and commended the role of research in the development and promotion of
diversification in the agriculture sector.

The minister said the Government appreciates the role of aquatic agricultural
systems for national food and nutrition security.

And Ministry of Agriculture Permanent Secretary, Austin Sichinga said it was
important to preserve water bodies as they were vital for people's livelihood.

"Water bodies are an important investment for the future. These resources are
fragile and climate change will have an impact on them," he said.

Western Province representative, Induna Katema, appealed to the Government to
look into issues of deforestation and mushrooming fishing camps in the province
to save it from depletion of natural resources.

He said Government should also work to reduce poverty levels up to 10 per cent
in Western Province.

Civil Society for Poverty Reduction representative, William Chilufya urged the
Government to increase the budget for the fisheries sector.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Agri income tax evasion: a huge disincentive for taxpayers

BYLINE:  NIKHAT SATTAR AND MUHAMMAD SABIR

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 299

LENGTH: 1082  words


The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace reports that "fewer than three
million of Pakistan's 175 million citizens pay any income taxes, and the
country's tax-to-GDP ratio is only 9 percent." This is one of the lowest
tax-to-GDP ratios in the world. The country is rich, with its elite owning
billions in assets both within and outside the country, yet they evade paying
taxes.

It was perhaps in recognition of this problem that the new government made
several changes in the income tax ordinance through the Finance Bill 2013 to
increase revenue through taxation. But the burden fell on the salaried and
middle class.

The feudal landlords remain exempt from paying their share, although many sit in
national and provincial assemblies and enjoy perks at the cost of the public.
One of the possible explanations of this situation is exclusion of agricultural
income from the tax domain.

Agricultural income tax was a provincial tax and remains so after the 18th
Amendment. It is generally argued that it is a difficult tax to collect. The
highlighted complexities in collection include uncertainty in the income due to
vagaries of weather.

But the main reason appears to be the presence of large landholders in
provincial and federal assemblies who are involved in making and amending laws.
The vested interests of these individuals and agricultural forums advance
various arguments to resist the necessary reforms needed to collect agricultural
income tax. One of their arguments is that agriculture is already overtaxed
indirectly in the form of cane and cotton cess, sales tax on inputs, abyana and
malya road taxes.

In reality, however, every sector in the economy pays both direct and indirect
taxes. In fact, as per estimates by Federal Board of Revenues (FBR), Pakistan's
agricultural sector paid lowest share of the tax in relation to its contribution
to GDP (See graph). Tax collection from agricultural sector including both
direct and indirect taxes is hardly 0.5 percent of the sectoral contribution of
agriculture sector in the GDP. In contrast, the ratio for manufacturing and
services sectors stood at 28.6 percent and 5.7 percent respectively.

PROVINCIAL BUDGETS FY14

A look on the provincial budget documents indicates variations in agricultural
income tax targets for budget 2013-14. For instance, Punjab government has set a
target of more than Rs 2 billion from agricultural income tax this year compared
to Rs 863 million in 2012-13. While, this is more than a 100 per cent increase
in tax revenue and therefore commendable, the tax potential is much higher than
the target given the large agriculture base of the province.

In contrast to Punjab, the government of Sindh has set a tax target of Rs 550
million for 2013-14, which is only 10 per cent higher than the last year's
collection. Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's agricultural income tax target shows literally
no growth for 2013-14 over its collection in 2012-13. This shows either a lack
of capacity or willingness to improve the system and the machinery to increase
revenue through agricultural income tax collection in both provinces. The
government of Balochistan has set a target of Rs 2 million for 2013-14 compared
to no collection in 2012-13. Although the magnitude of tax is very low, this is
a positive step.

In a country where agricultural sector contributes a substantive part (more than
20 percent) to national economy, the agricultural income tax targets for 2013-14
are insignificant, and essentially mean that the sector is grossly under taxed.

Higher collection from agricultural income tax is also important for horizontal
equity and economic efficiency points of view. If any sector in the economy is
excluded from income tax, it creates an incentive for people to evade taxes by
fabricating their books such that income other sectors is shown to be as income
from agriculture sector.

It also creates a disincentive for taxpayers when they see such a large sector
(and a rich group) not paying their due share of taxes. The agricultural income
tax is justified on the principle that the government infrastructure provides
benefits to the agricultural sector. The latter also benefits from low interest
loans and public expenditures on research and development. Furthermore, it
continues to receive various subsidies and tax concessions.

Based on these arguments, serious tax reforms are needed to tap agricultural
income. It is important to note that these reforms should aim to collect taxes
from landlords who have more than 12 acre of lands.

One of the reasons for low collection is the uniformity of tax rate, which is
the same for land sizes of more than 25 acres for all crops. A progressive
taxation structure needs to be introduced in the agricultural income tax system,
based on either income from agriculture or linked to the size of land holdings.
In this regard, the taxation structure of Indian states such as Kerala may be
studied. In Kerala, agricultural income taxation is progressive ie tax rate
increases with the land size and the tax rate is higher for more profitable
crops.

In addition to revision in tax rate, the taxation machinery needs to be revamped
and modernised in line with the Sindh Revenue Board and the Punjab Revenue
Authority. In order to cross verify income from agricultural income, both the
FBR and provincial tax authorities should share their income tax data which each
other. Above all, the rich landlords should be brought n the tax net and strict
implementation should be ensured without consideration of political affiliation
or clout.

The authors are technical advisor and principal economist respectively, at the
Social Policy and Development Centre (SPDC), Karachi.

======================================================

Province-wise Agriculture Income Tax Rs (mn)

======================================================

2012-13          2013-14

======================================================

Budget    Revised      Budget

======================================================

Punjab                      721        864       2,019

Sindh                       500        500         550

KPK                          22         22          22

Balochistan                   0          0           2

Four Province Combined    1,243      1,386       2,593

------------------------------------------------------

Source: Province-wise Annual Budget Statement 2013-14,

======================================================

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Agri income tax evasion: a huge disincentive for taxpayers

BYLINE:  NIKHAT SATTAR AND MUHAMMAD SABIR

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 299

LENGTH: 1082  words


The Carnegie Endowment for International Peace reports that "fewer than three
million of Pakistan's 175 million citizens pay any income taxes, and the
country's tax-to-GDP ratio is only 9 percent." This is one of the lowest
tax-to-GDP ratios in the world. The country is rich, with its elite owning
billions in assets both within and outside the country, yet they evade paying
taxes.

It was perhaps in recognition of this problem that the new government made
several changes in the income tax ordinance through the Finance Bill 2013 to
increase revenue through taxation. But the burden fell on the salaried and
middle class.

The feudal landlords remain exempt from paying their share, although many sit in
national and provincial assemblies and enjoy perks at the cost of the public.
One of the possible explanations of this situation is exclusion of agricultural
income from the tax domain.

Agricultural income tax was a provincial tax and remains so after the 18th
Amendment. It is generally argued that it is a difficult tax to collect. The
highlighted complexities in collection include uncertainty in the income due to
vagaries of weather.

But the main reason appears to be the presence of large landholders in
provincial and federal assemblies who are involved in making and amending laws.
The vested interests of these individuals and agricultural forums advance
various arguments to resist the necessary reforms needed to collect agricultural
income tax. One of their arguments is that agriculture is already overtaxed
indirectly in the form of cane and cotton cess, sales tax on inputs, abyana and
malya road taxes.

In reality, however, every sector in the economy pays both direct and indirect
taxes. In fact, as per estimates by Federal Board of Revenues (FBR), Pakistan's
agricultural sector paid lowest share of the tax in relation to its contribution
to GDP (See graph). Tax collection from agricultural sector including both
direct and indirect taxes is hardly 0.5 percent of the sectoral contribution of
agriculture sector in the GDP. In contrast, the ratio for manufacturing and
services sectors stood at 28.6 percent and 5.7 percent respectively.

PROVINCIAL BUDGETS FY14

A look on the provincial budget documents indicates variations in agricultural
income tax targets for budget 2013-14. For instance, Punjab government has set a
target of more than Rs 2 billion from agricultural income tax this year compared
to Rs 863 million in 2012-13. While, this is more than a 100 per cent increase
in tax revenue and therefore commendable, the tax potential is much higher than
the target given the large agriculture base of the province.

In contrast to Punjab, the government of Sindh has set a tax target of Rs 550
million for 2013-14, which is only 10 per cent higher than the last year's
collection. Khyber Pakhtunkhwa's agricultural income tax target shows literally
no growth for 2013-14 over its collection in 2012-13. This shows either a lack
of capacity or willingness to improve the system and the machinery to increase
revenue through agricultural income tax collection in both provinces. The
government of Balochistan has set a target of Rs 2 million for 2013-14 compared
to no collection in 2012-13. Although the magnitude of tax is very low, this is
a positive step.

In a country where agricultural sector contributes a substantive part (more than
20 percent) to national economy, the agricultural income tax targets for 2013-14
are insignificant, and essentially mean that the sector is grossly under taxed.

Higher collection from agricultural income tax is also important for horizontal
equity and economic efficiency points of view. If any sector in the economy is
excluded from income tax, it creates an incentive for people to evade taxes by
fabricating their books such that income other sectors is shown to be as income
from agriculture sector.

It also creates a disincentive for taxpayers when they see such a large sector
(and a rich group) not paying their due share of taxes. The agricultural income
tax is justified on the principle that the government infrastructure provides
benefits to the agricultural sector. The latter also benefits from low interest
loans and public expenditures on research and development. Furthermore, it
continues to receive various subsidies and tax concessions.

Based on these arguments, serious tax reforms are needed to tap agricultural
income. It is important to note that these reforms should aim to collect taxes
from landlords who have more than 12 acre of lands.

One of the reasons for low collection is the uniformity of tax rate, which is
the same for land sizes of more than 25 acres for all crops. A progressive
taxation structure needs to be introduced in the agricultural income tax system,
based on either income from agriculture or linked to the size of land holdings.
In this regard, the taxation structure of Indian states such as Kerala may be
studied. In Kerala, agricultural income taxation is progressive ie tax rate
increases with the land size and the tax rate is higher for more profitable
crops.

In addition to revision in tax rate, the taxation machinery needs to be revamped
and modernised in line with the Sindh Revenue Board and the Punjab Revenue
Authority. In order to cross verify income from agricultural income, both the
FBR and provincial tax authorities should share their income tax data which each
other. Above all, the rich landlords should be brought n the tax net and strict
implementation should be ensured without consideration of political affiliation
or clout.

The authors are technical advisor and principal economist respectively, at the
Social Policy and Development Centre (SPDC), Karachi.

======================================================

Province-wise Agriculture Income Tax Rs (mn)

======================================================

2012-13          2013-14

======================================================

Budget    Revised      Budget

======================================================

Punjab                      721        864       2,019

Sindh                       500        500         550

KPK                          22         22          22

Balochistan                   0          0           2

Four Province Combined    1,243      1,386       2,593

------------------------------------------------------

Source: Province-wise Annual Budget Statement 2013-14,

======================================================

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  July 6, 1998

Norwest Introduces Rural Home Loan Product

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: Des Moines, IA


Norwest Mortgage, the nation's largest home loan lender, has introduced a
no-downpayment loan program exclusively for rural homebuyers.

The no-down, below-market rate loan program blends a conventional loan and a
government-backed loan. It is targeted to borrowers with family income of less
than 80% of the area median income.

Patrick Guillion, vice president of affordable housing sales for Norwest
Mortgage, said that average incomes are lower in rural areas, making it
difficult for many rural households to save money for a downpayment.

"This program offers an affordable and flexible home financing solution for many
rural homebuyers, who have struggled to realize the dream of homeownership," he
said.

Rural areas are generally defined as places having a population of up to 10,000,
or up to 20,000 if it they are outside of any Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The program combines a conventional first mortgage at market interest rates with
a subsidized, low-interest second mortgage through the Department of
Agriculture's "Direct Loan Leveraging Program," giving qualified participants a
long-term fixed-rate loan at below market interest rate.

Jan Shadburn, administrator of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's rural
housing service, said that on average rural residents pay higher interest rates
than city or suburban homebuyers.

Fannie Mae has been purchasing loans made through the Direct Loan Leveraging
Program.  As of June 1998.  Fannie Mae had invested more than $ 10 million in
the program.  Fannie Mae has allotted $ 1 billion for the program this year,
anticipating that the involvement of major lenders will increase volume in the
USDA program, said Barry Zigas, senior vice president and executive director of
the housing impact division at Fannie Mae.

"Having a lender like Norwest Mortgage on board - with a presence in nearly 750
markets across the country - will definitely enhance the program's visibility
and availability." Mr. Zigas said.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, Patrick Guillion; Picture 2, Barry Zigas

                         Copyright 1998 Faulkner & Gray


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday

Opinion: Victor Davis Hanson: Tear down the bloated USDA bureaucracy

BYLINE: By Victor Davis Hanson

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion

LENGTH: 623 words


The Department of Agriculture no longer serves as a lifeline to millions of
struggling homestead farmers. Instead, it is a vast, self-perpetuating
postmodern bureaucracy with an amorphous budget of some $130 billion -- a sum
far greater than the nation's net farm income this year. In fact, the more the
Agriculture Department has pontificated about family farmers, the more they have
vanished -- comprising now only about 1 percent of the American population.

Net farm income is expected in 2011 to reach its highest levels in more than
three decades, as a rapidly growing and food-short world increasingly looks to
the United States to provide it everything from soybeans and wheat to beef and
fruit. Somebody should explain that good news to the Department of Agriculture:
This year it will give a record $20 billion in various crop "supports" to the
nation's wealthiest farmers -- with the richest 10 percent receiving more than
70 percent of all the redistributive payouts. If farmers on their own are making
handsome profits, why, with a $1.6 trillion annual federal deficit, is the
Department of Agriculture borrowing unprecedented amounts to subsidize them?

At least $5 billion will be in direct cash payouts. Yet no one in the USDA can
explain why cotton and soybeans are subsidized, but not lettuce or carrots. In
fact, 70 percent of all subsidies go to corn, wheat, cotton, rice and soybean
farmers. Most other farmers receive no federal cash. Yet somehow peach, melon
and almond growers seem to be doing fine without government checks in the mail.

Then there is the more than $5 billion in ethanol subsidies that goes to the
nation's corn farmers to divert their acreage to produce transportation fuel.
That program has somehow managed to cost the nation billions, send worldwide
corn prices sky-high, and distort global trade in ethanol at the expense of far
cheaper sugarcane. And while the Obama administration discourages new production
of far cheaper transportation fuels derived from natural gas, oil, shale oil and
tar sands, it is borrowing billions to pay farmers to grow uncompetitive fuel.

About every 10 years or so, public outrage forces Congress to promise to curtail
the subsidy programs. But when the deadline arrives, our elected officials
always find a trendy excuse like "green energy" or "national security" to
continue welfare to agribusiness.

Free-market conservatives don't dare touch the Department of Agriculture, given
the senatorial clout of Midwest farm states and the mythology of the independent
American yeoman farmer. Don't expect left-wing Democrats to object, either. In a
brilliantly conceived devil's bargain, the Department of Agriculture gives
welfare to the wealthy on the one hand, while on the other sending more than $70
billion to the lower-income brackets in food stamps.

The Department of Agriculture is now sending more than $1 billion to
African-American farmers who sued the government, alleging past discrimination
in federally subsidized farm lending programs. But such understandable
reparations are experiencing mission creep, as the number of would-be recipients
claiming past discrimination far exceeds the number who actually farmed.

The multilayered Department of Agriculture has no real mission, much less a
methodology, other than to provide cash to congressional pet constituencies. Its
vital functions such as crop reporting and forecasting, food inspection and
scientific research are buried beneath politically driven cash transfers and
could easily be farmed out to other agencies.

It is long past time to eliminate the department -- or least rename it "The
Department of Food Subsidies."

VICTOR DAVIS HANSON is a syndicated columnist affiliated with the Hoover
Institution.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday
                             Print & First Editions

Agriculture sector heading for boom;
NEWS

BYLINE: Darren Gray

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 542 words


TABLE: Harvesting record incomes
Financial performance of Australian broadacre farms

 Farm cash Farm business
 incomes Profit
2007-08 $79,000 -$13,000
2008-09 $88,000 -$4000
2009-10 $69,000 -$19,000
2010-11 $136,000 $68,000
2011-12 $124,000 $33,000
2012-13 $119,000 $15,000
2013-14 $129,000 $14,000
2014-15 $164,000 $25,000
2015-16 $185,000 $70,000
2016-17 $216,000 $111,000
Source: Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences.
Average per farm. All figures are in 2016-17 dollars.


Australian farmers are riding a wave of profitability and soaring production
with the farm cash incomes of broadacre Australian farms projected to rise to
$216,000 in 2016-17, the highest figure recorded in the past two decades.

The boom result, which is more than double the average for the 10 years to
2015-16 of $104,000, has been driven by record winter grain production, soaring
prices for beef cattle and very good prices for lamb, wool and sheep.

Farm cash incomes are projected to rise in all Australian states in 2016-17,
except for Tasmania.

Thanks to the surging revenues, farm profitability has also jumped in 2016-17.
Australian broadacre farms are expected to record an average farm business
profit of $112,000 per farm this financial year, also the highest figure of the
past 20 years.

But the new report, Agricultural Commodities, March Quarter 2017, confirmed that
not all sectors enjoyed rising incomes in 2016-17. The report, by the Australian
Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences, said that because of
lower milk prices and reduced milk production, the farm cash income for dairy
farms was estimated to decline 17 per cent nationally this financial year, to an
average of $105,000 per farm.

Key financial figures for Australian agriculture in 2016-17, which is going to
be a record-breaker on a range of fronts, were released in Canberra on Tuesday
at the Outlook 2017 conference in Canberra, hosted by ABARES.

In a written statement released to coincide with the conference, acting Prime
Minister and federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce lauded the performance
of Australian agriculture and those who work in the sector.

"The gross value of agricultural production is forecast to hit a record $63.8
billion in 2016-17; real net farm cash income is estimated to have been $25.7
billion in 2015-16, well above the 20-year average to 2014-15 of $15.6 billion;
and broadacre farm cash incomes at the national level are estimated to be the
highest for 20 years, averaging $216,000 a farm," he said.

"And I know that with the right policy settings and programs in place, the
sector still has massive potential to grow and deliver even bigger results as an
economic powerhouse for our nation," he said.

Meanwhile, in his opening address to the ABARES conference, Mr Joyce said "smart
wealth is moving into the agricultural sector", and had recognised the healthy
returns available.

Tom Jackson, senior economist at ABARES, said the record farm cash incomes for
Australian broadacre farms in 2016-17 eclipsed last financial year's record.

"What it says is that Australian agriculture is a strong and resilient sector,
that is made up of farms that are innovating, and investing and getting better
at what they do," Mr Jackson said.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

OECD praises end of wheat monopoly;
Global agriculture policy report says decision was 'a positive step' but support
for dairy, poultry and egg sectors still driving up prices

BYLINE: PAUL WALDIE

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; AGRICULTURE; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 402 words


The federal government has won praise from the Organization of Economic
Co-operation and Development for dismantling the Canadian Wheat Board's monopoly
over the sale of wheat and barley grown in Western Canada.

The controversial decision to effectively eliminate the Wheat Board "is a
positive step to enhance pro-active risk management by farmers," the OECD said
in a report on global agriculture policy released Wednesday.

The government argued that removing the Wheat Board's monopoly would free
farmers to market their own grain. But opponents, including thousands of
farmers, have fought the decision in court and argued the Board provided
valuable clout in international markets.

In terms of Canada's overall agriculture policy, the OECD said government
subsidies have significantly decreased since 1986-88 and the majority of
agriculture markets are competitive. However, the agency said the dairy, poultry
and egg sectors, which operated under a supply-management system, "continue to
receive high price support, distorting production and trade and establishing
high rents capitalized in the quotas required to produce."

Under the Canadian system, government regulators generally fix the price and
supply of dairy, poultry and eggs. That has driven up the cost of quotas, which
the OECD says acts "as a barrier to entry into supply-managed sectors."

The report also questioned Canada's ad hoc approach to responding to disasters,
such as droughts or floods. Those programs have become institutionalized, the
report said, and could often be better managed within existing programs.

Overall, the report found that government support for agriculture in the 34 OECD
countries fell to 19 per cent of total farm revenue in 2011, a record low. New
Zealand had the lowest level of support at just 1 per cent of farm income.
Canada came in at 16 per cent, below the OECD average of 20 per cent. Farm
support in the United States equalled 9 per cent of farm income. "The move
toward lower farm support is a welcome trend, but we still see the need for
better targeting and more cost-effective farm policy," said OECD Trade and
Agriculture Director Ken Ash.

"Farm support should be more closely directed at increasing agricultural
productivity and competitiveness. Governments should also be doing more to
address environmental issues, ensure sustainable resource use and help farmers
better cope with risk."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 11, 2003, Saturday

WE'RE BACKING YOU!;
 GOVERNMENT FULLY COMMITTED TO AGRICULTURE, SAYS WALSH

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 28,29

LENGTH: 594 words

HIGHLIGHT: The Republic's Minister of Agriculture Joe Walsh


IRISH Minister for Agriculture and Food, Joe Walsh, has emphasised the
Government's commitment to the future of the agriculture sector.

The Government's approach "has always been founded on the unique importance of
the sector in terms of sustaining rural Ireland and as our major natural
resource based industry," he said.

The Government's commitment to farming had been demonstrated in a concrete
fashion time and again, he added.

Examples of this commitment in recent years included:

l The mobilisation of the entire resources of the State to fight the
Foot-and-Mouth disease threat which could have devastated Irish agriculture.

l The immediate operation of the purchase for destruction market support scheme,
involving the use of substantial Exchequer resources, to support the beef sector
and producer prices during the BSE crisis.

l The continuing hands-on approach to reopening of markets for agricultural
produce, involving the full deployment of political, diplomatic and technical
resources.

l The development and implementation, at considerable expense to the taxpayer,
of traceability systems for cattle, sheep and pigs to enable the sector to meet
consumer concerns and provide a marketing edge in increasingly competitive
markets.

l The development of one of the most efficient systems in the European Union for
payment of direct income payments to farmers with the vast bulk of cheques now
issuing on the first day allowed under EU regulations. "No other Member State
administration matches this level of service," he said.

l The negotiation "against the odds of what has been universally acknowledged as
a most favourable outcome for Irish farmers in the Agenda 2000 Common
Agricultural Policy (CAP) Reform".

l The copper-fastening of the Agenda 2000 gains in the recent Brussels Summit
decision on the future financing of the CAP securing direct payments to 2013.

l The successful defence of export refunds in the WTO negotiations at Doha.

l The provision of EUR2.8 billion (pounds 1.79 bn) in public expenditure to
support the agriculture sector in 2003, of which EUR1.6 billion (pounds 1.02bn)
would be paid in direct payments to farmers.

l The continued allocation of substantial Exchequer resources to control animal
diseases in the national herd.

l The increased financial provisions for the Rural Environment Protection Scheme
and On-farm investment Schemes.

l The operation of the early retirement scheme and installation aid as well as
tax incentives which are facilitating the early transfer of land to young
farmers.

l The publication and implementation of a long term plan for Irish agriculture
(Agri-Food 2010 Action Plan).

The Minister said that he would continue to ensure the optimal framework for the
development of agriculture and to seek the best possible supports in order to
ensure adequate incomes for the farming community.

With almost 70 per cent of income guaranteed by way of direct income payments,
Mr Walsh pointed out that the sector itself, both farmers and processors, had to
shoulder their responsibility to maximise the returns from the marketplace.

The Minister stressed that, as always, he would continue to be available for
discussions to address problems arising.

The Minister emphasised that many serious negotiating challenges lay ahead in
the context of the Mid-Term Review of the CAP and the WTO Round and that it was
vitally important that the focus remained on issues which would bring real long
term benefits to Irish agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

CCI asks provinces to increase agri tax

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 2 -- The Council of Common Interests (CCI), on Wednesday,
constituted a committee of the federal and provincial governments to consider
increasing agriculture tax with a uniform rate and decide mode of assessment and
revenue collection within the shortest possible time.

Provinces were of the view that agriculture income tax was a provincial subject
and should be left with them.

Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani chaired the CCI meeting that had seven
containments in its agenda.

For the purpose of harmonisation of agriculture income tax, the CCI decided to
constitute a committee of the Centre and all provinces to develop a uniform
approach and reconcile the policy in this regard. It was observed that
agriculture income tax was already levied, but the system for its collection was
to be improved that would help the provinces not only finance their development
schemes but also improve the national tax to GDP ratio.

The council also agreed in principle to a proposal to streamline the revenues of
the federal regulatory authorities like the OGRA, NEPRA, PEMRA, etc. It was
proposed that the amount over and above the budgetary requirements collected by
various regulatory authorities in the shape of licence fee, penalties and fines
would be deposited to the Federal Consolidated Fund. Although the matter did not
relate directly to the provinces, they would ultimately benefit from this
proposal. The relevant legislations of these authorities would accordingly be
amended.

In the wake of increased responsibilities of the Security and Exchange
Commission of Pakistan (SECP), a draft amendment bill 2011 was presented before
the CCI that was unanimously approved.

The council was informed that consultations on this account with all
stakeholders in the public and private sectors had been continuing since last
five years. It was decided that the bill would be presented before parliament
for approval.

Regarding the devolution of the National Education Foundation (NEF) and National
Commission for Human Development (NCHD), it was decided that the budget,
including salaries of employees of both the organisations, until June 30 would
be cleared by the federal government.

NCHD Chairperson Dr Nafeesa Shah would consult the provinces for further
continuation of these entities.

Regarding the allocation of 200-cusec water annually for drinking purposes for
Islamabad, it was decided that the Ministry of Water and Power would negotiate
with the Sindh government on proportionate sharing of water according to water
accord by all the provinces.

In order to make the Indus River System Authority (IRSA) financially independent
and self-sustaining, it was proposed that a nominal levy of 30 paisa per acre
feet at all the canal heads and half paisa per watt of electricity generated
would be charged that would be shared by the provinces, WAPDA and Pakistan
Atomic Energy Commission. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily
Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           January 8, 2003, Wednesday

HUNDREDS MORE JOIN IRISH TRACTOR PROTEST

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLIGAN

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 605 words

HIGHLIGHT: READY FOR THE OFF: Farmers in their tractors lining up in Bantry, on
Monday, as part of a week-long protest across Ireland against industry
conditions. Farmers are due to converge on Dublin on Friday


TRAFFIC disruption continued across Ireland yesterday as hundreds of farmers
joined tractor convoys to protest at conditions in the industry.

Farmers in seven counties across the Republic were joining the estimated 1,000
tractors which set off for Dublin on Monday.

They are due to converge on the city on Friday in demonstration at what they
call the "silent extinction" of their industry.

Tens of thousands of vehicles are expected to join the "tractorcade" as it moves
east to the capital.

The week of action is being organised by the Irish Farmers' Association, in
demonstration at falling incomes and the Government's response to problems
facing farmers.

Farmers are looking at an income crisis combined with a lack of information from
the Government and agriculture minister on the future of farming and
agriculture," IFA President John Dillon said.

Rural communities are really under threat at the moment and need Government
action."

The IFA said confidence in the agriculture sector had been undermined to an
alarming extent by last month's budget, when cuts and extra costs were estimated
to cost farming pounds 130 million (200 million euros) a year after incomes had
already fallen by 8.5% during 2002.

The organisation claimed that Irish farmers on average earned pounds 9,750
(15,000 euros) annually - about half the industrial wage - and that more than
20,000 farmers had been forced in the past 10 years to take additional part-time
jobs to supplement their incomes.

Yesterday sections of the rally left points in Tralee, Co Kerry, Bantry in Co
Cork, and Castlebar and Ballina in Co Mayo brandishing banners criticising the
Government's reaction to the crisis in farm incomes.

The main body of the tractorcade passed through Clonakilty, the home town of
Agriculture Minister Joe Walsh.

Yesterday tractors were setting off on convoys in Co Waterford, Co Cork, Co
Mayo, Co Donegal, Co Galway, Co Limerick and Co Sligo.

Organisers of the rally said that although tens of thousands of farmers could
take part in the action, only 300 tractors will be allowed by Irish police to
enter Dublin city centre.

Mr Dillon pledged they would do everything possible to minimise upset to other
motorists but also said the protest would be the first in a series of
demonstrations.

Further support for the protest came this week from the Farm Tractor and Tractor
Machinery Association.

FTMTA president Edwin Pratt said, The FTMTA has a unique understanding of the
financial problems facing farmers after one of the wettest years in history.

These were further highlighted in the recent budget, where a change in the
system of capital allowances for machinery write-off was announced.

This change is a tax on productive farming and is seen as a disincentive to
investment on commercial farms.

The decision to change the roll-over relief for land acquired for road
development also impacts negatively on farmers.

These were decisions of national Government and they reflect poorly in terms of
support for the development of the industry through the use of efficient and
modern farm machinery resources.

FTMTA members are significant employers in rural enterprises, and close to 4,000
people are directly employed in the farm machinery industry.

Our members play their part in providing a unique service to farming and also
play a part in ensuring that skilled people remain in local rural communities.
Any attack on farming and the fabric of the rural community also has an impact
on members of the Farm Tractor and Machinery Trade Association (FTMTA), he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      January 17, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Sri Lanka Signs $125 Million Credit to Modernize Agriculture

LENGTH: 589  words


Jan. 17 -- Sri Lanka has signed a US$125 million credit with the World Bank to
help the country modernize its agriculture sector.  Sri Lanka aims to make the
sector more efficient and attractive as a modern business, more responsive to
consumer demand, and more environmentally sustainable and resilient to climate
change.

Sri Lanka's agricultural sector has evolved over the past years.  A major
milestone has been the achievement of rice self-sufficiency - a goal of
successive agriculture strategies since independence.  But the share of
population employed in agriculture has remained around 30 percent over the past
decade, even as the sector's share in national GDP has declined to 10 percent.
This implied and persistent inequality makes it urgent to rethink the direction
of agricultural development and explore new opportunities and strategies on how
to sustainably increase rural incomes and promote a modern agriculture sector
that meets the needs of the upper-middle-income country that Sri Lanka aspires
to be.

Idah Pswarayi-Riddihough, World Bank Country Director for Sri Lanka and the
Maldives and R.H.S. Samarathunga, Secretary to the Treasury, Ministry of Finance
signed the project on behalf of the World Bank and the Government of Sri Lanka.
She said, "Sri Lanka's history is deeply rooted in agriculture and its paddy
cultivation tradition.  Past practices can inform the future by preserving and
building on the country's farming traditions.  There is now space to diversify
and promote high-value, export-oriented food crops."  She added, "This shift is
crucial for income growth, poverty reduction, reducing inequality and better
nutritional outcomes.  The new approach corresponds directly with World Bank
Group's twin goals."

The project will support value chain development to promote commercial and
export-oriented agriculture, with focus on higher value agriculture products,
such as fruits and vegetables.  It provides investments to improve productivity
and diversify production patterns through modern agriculture technology
demonstrations in key areas and supports new institutional arrangements through
farmer organizations and farmer-agribusiness partnerships.  It will also support
agricultural policy development to help the Government determine the sector's
future direction.

"This project aims to demonstrate new agricultural practices and institutional
arrangements in the project areas, linking smallholder farmers into modern
agriculture value chains and creating attractive jobs, including for women and
young people" said Ulrich Schmitt, Program Leader at the World Bank.
"Innovation and new technology will help improve not only the sector's economic
efficiency but also enhance resilience to natural disasters and climate change."
He underscored the significance of a supportive policy and regulatory
environment to evidence-based decision making that can drive the sector
modernization process.

The project will be implemented through the Ministry of Primary Industries, the
Ministry of Agriculture, and five participating provinces: Northern, Eastern,
Central, North-Central, and Uva.

Beneficiaries include an estimated 30,000 smallholder farm households, who will
benefit directly from a small matching grants program and agriculture technology
demonstrations.  Another 20,000 farm households will be supported through
technical and business training and through professional farmer organizations
that will help them become more effective and business-oriented enterprises.

Source: World Bank

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2017 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

Across the aisle- Dear farmers: Achhe din are coming

BYLINE: p chidambaram

LENGTH: 835  words


Farmers may rejoice. The government has finally acknowledged that farmers are
part of India, that the farm sector faces acute distress, and that farmers need
a helping hand. That is something which many commentators - especially Mr Ashok
Gulati - have been saying for many months.

Farmers had taken note of the BJP's failure to keep its election promise of
offering a Minimum Support Price (MSP) of cost + 50 per cent. I had pointed out
that the increases in MSP in 2015-16 were paltry. Members of Parliament were
aghast when Prime Minister Modi declared his contempt for MGNREGA that,
according to him, was "a monument to the failure of the Congress governments".
Critics warned the government that the allocation to MGNREGA was inadequate.
Surveys show that farm wages have risen only marginally in 2015-16 adding to the
distress.

While the Prime Minister spoke often, and eloquently, on FDI, Make in India, and
ease of doing business, he paid scant attention to the agriculture sector,
leaving it, presumably, to the Minister of Agriculture. The latter, however, was
neither seen nor heard and, after nearly 21 months in office, remains largely
unknown.

As a result, the label of 'suit-boot ki sarkar' stuck, and something had to be
done. I suspect that is how the idea of a 'pro-farmer, pro-rural India budget'
was born. Whatever be the motivation, I welcome the government's move to address
the problems of the agricultural sector.

Let's do the math

It was brave on the part of the Finance Minister to reiterate the Prime
Minister's declared goal of 'doubling the income of farmers by 2022'. The
budget, we were told, was the first step in this regard. So, what did the budget
do?

Let's do the math. Doubling income in six years will mean that the average
annual growth rate of farmers' income should be around 12 per cent. Is that
possible in a country where 66 per cent of all agricultural land is
monsoon-dependent and does not have assured irrigation? Besides, in 2014-15 and
2015-16, the agriculture sector grew at the rate of minus 0.2 per cent and 1.1
per cent respectively. It is difficult to imagine that the sectoral growth rate
will jump to anything close to 12 per cent or farmers' income will grow at 12
per cent per year.

Agricultural income is based on two factors - productivity and price. No one has
claimed that there are measures underway to dramatically increase productivity
in growing paddy, wheat, sugarcane or pulses in the next six years. Productivity
gains in select areas or crops may add about 3 per cent to the farmer's income.
That leaves price. Will the government increase the MSP for these crops by 12
per cent a year? There is no clear answer in the budget speech or in the
allocations.

Rabbit out of the hat

In the speech there is one possible answer: the total allocation for agriculture
and farmers' welfare. It is an impressive jump from Rs 15,809 crore in 2015-16
(RE) to Rs 35,984 crore (BE). How did the government manage to pull this rabbit
out of the hat? By the simple expedient of shifting the allocation for 'interest
subsidy for short-term credit to farmers' from the Department of Financial
Services to the Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers' Welfare!
Minus this shift, the allocations read as follows under the NDA government:

2014-15: Rs 19,255 crore

2015-16 (RE): Rs 15,809 crore

2016-17 (BE): Rs 20,984 crore

Nothing dramatic; the allocation that was cut in 2015-16 has been restored to
the level of 2014-15. Allowing for inflation over two years, in real terms, the
allocation may be actually less.

The singular idea trotted out as 'path breaking' was the Prime Minister's Fasal
Bima Yojana for which an allocation of Rs 5,500 crore has been made. The budget
documents themselves say that the scheme is basically "the National Crop
Insurance Scheme which includes existing" schemes. Each of the old schemes was
an attempt to make crop insurance better targeted and more effective. It is
possible that the Fasal Bima Yojana that rolls all the old schemes into one will
be more beneficial to the farmers. I sincerely hope so, but I must say that no
new paths have been broken yet.

Non-farm income

The way to improve the farmer's income is to improve his non-farm income. Most
farmers have no reliable non-farm income except casual manual labour. Non-farm
income for a family will be available only if there are jobs outside the farm.
Such jobs can be created through public works like road-building, irrigation
works and watershed programmes, but they will not be enough. More can be done
only through private investments in small, medium and large industries and in
the services sector. Such investments have been lacking in the last two years
adding to the distress caused by drought or drought-like conditions in the last
three years.

The goal of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 is indeed laudable. Farmers
must, however, demand that the government should present a concrete plan to
achieve that goal. Otherwise, it will be another chunavi jumla.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           December 24, 2016 Saturday

Dear Sir... Readers' Views (24/12/16)

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1679 words


CAP payments misdirected

I write with reference to Minister for Agriculture Michael Creed s recent
publicised announcement that he intends to put a ceiling of  100,000 per annum
on what any farmer will receive from the annual EU farm income-subsidy envelope
to Irish farmers under the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).

It is speculated that as little as 15% of farmers in Ireland are taking as much
as 85% of CAP farm income support subsidies. The question is: how is the
situation allowed to persist whereby individuals or corporate entities with
significant wealth, either from farming or from non-farming activities, can
qualify for taxpayer-funded farm income support subsidies when the original
intention of the CAP was to support genuine, environmentally friendly food
producers with low farm incomes and to maximise the public-good dividend?

The CAP was never intended to support the likes of airports, meat processing
factories, sheikh-owned stud farms, agricultural college campuses, beef barons
or armchair farmers that don t actively engage in farming for a living.

Yet, for years, our own Minister for Agriculture has been doling out a
significant proportion of the EU  1.8bn farm incomes-support envelope to those
same institutions. Where is the concern for the low-income struggling farm
family or for the public good in that?

The average family farm is now struggling to survive in the face of commodity
price collapses in all sectors.

Placing a ceiling of  100,000 on the payment that any one farmer can receive so
that any excess can be redistributed to those farmers genuinely in need of
income support, while a welcome step in the right direction, is not much more
than a token gesture by a minister that needs to better address the plight of
the vast majority of farmers who receive farm-income subsidies of much less than
the average payment of  12,000.

As leader of the newly established Irish Family Farm Rights Group I am calling
on Mr Creed to acknowledge that the current system of CAP budget distribution in
Ireland is unfair and discriminatory, to stand up to the vested interests and
unrepresentative lobbying by groups that purport to represent all farmers but
instead lobby for the retention of a payment system that is deliberately
manipulated to unfairly benefit a privileged few, and to represent ALL farmers
by correcting the anomalies, imbalances and injustices of the current CAP-
distribution system as an essential part of addressing the incomes  crisis on
family farms when the CAP is due for review in 2017.

Donie Shine

Mallow

Co Cork

Extraordinary people in Concern

At the end of the year, I want to take a moment to reflect on two women who
passed away this year, who were related to Concern Worldwide in two very
different ways.

In the last year of her life, my mother, a lifetime supporter of Concern,
specifically asked that her collection of clothes, the good suits and coats that
she had gathered over the years, be donated to the Concern charity shop in
Newcastle, Co Down. As a child she was evacuated to the small seaside town
during the Second World War, away from the bombs that struck Belfast.

For her, Newcastle always symbolised a place of refuge and safety. The Concern
shop there opened in 1984 to raise funds for the children of Somalia caught up
in war and famine in that country. More than 20 years later,  the Harrods of
charity shops , as it is known by the women who run it today, has raised over
£1m ( 1.17m) to support Concern s work in multiple countries.

My mother s donation of her good clothes was simply a tiny gesture of support to
these extraordinary women of Newcastle, who are part of the bedrock of Ireland s
community network of volunteers who come together to make a difference in the
lives of people they have never met.

A few months after my own mother died, Kay O Loughlin Kennedy passed away. Kay
is not a household name in Ireland, but in 1968 she founded Concern along with
her husband John. Concern is now Ireland s foremost humanitarian and development
organisation, reaching over 22 million people last year across 28 countries. But
it all began in 1968, when Kay and John brought 40 people into their flat on
Northumberland Road in Dublin. They sat on the floor, hearing stories of the
horrendous famine in Biafra that was going on at the time and decided to reach
out to the public, who responded in earnest, and have carried us ever since.

These were ordinary people doing extraordinary things, just like the women who
run the shop in Newcastle. It is the individual stories of these often unseen
and unsung heroes and heroines, those who have devoted their time and energy to
others, that are the hallmark of who we are as a nation.

In these difficult and sometimes cynical times, we need this energy, support and
this spirit more than ever. We are at the end of what has been an
extraordinarily challenging year. No one needs to be reminded of how tumultuous
2016 has been, but it has been most difficult for the poorest and most
vulnerable.

For those caught up in the horror of Syria or the decimation of Hurricane
Matthew in Haiti, or the slow grinding destruction of farmland caused by El Nino
and climate change, this year has been an unqualified disaster.

Despite the turmoil and change, there has been one constant for us: that is the
generosity of the people who support Concern. It is this generosity that does
justice to Kay s noble ambition and allows her legacy to live on. My mother
might have thought her donation was small. The people who donate, the people who
volunteer at the Concern shop and at fundraisers across the country may not know
how important they are, but they are vital.

Stay with us and I promise you we will continue to deliver professional,
compassion to those that need it most and, importantly, hold ourselves fully
accountable to those we serve and to you that support our work. As we enter
2017, I would like to thank all of you for your continued support and I wish you
a peaceful and happy new year.

Dominic MacSorley

Chief Executive

Concern Worldwide

Dublin 2

Muslims speak out against cruelty

In the last week, Europe has witnessed a harrowing attack in the Berlin
Christmas market, a deliberate attack on worshippers in a Zurich mosque, and the
assassination of a Russian ambassador, leaving people in fear and trepidation of
what is to come.

IS has claimed responsibility for inspiring the brutal and indiscriminate
killing of innocent locals and tourists. This appalling behaviour only serves to
widen a wound already cut. The fear of terrorism carried out by so-called
Muslims has caused a division in Europe and, as a consequence, such attacks have
been used as tools to turn the wheel of Islamophobia.

The Holy Quran clearly states  Whosoever kills an innocent person, it shall be
as if he has killed all humanity, and whoever saves a life, shall be as if he
saved all mankind.  [Quran 5:32] Indeed those who claim themselves Muslim by
violating the sacred teachings of Islam only leads to one conclusion: They are
not truly Muslims nor are their acts Islamic.

Yet despite the hate, the majority of Muslims condemn this behaviour, as seen on
Twitter and other online media.

As Muslims who believe that loyalty to one s nation is an essential part of
faith, my Ahmadi friends and I will continue to fight against cruelty and
oppression with our fellow citizens, regardless of beliefs, gender, and
nationality.

Fawad Ahmad Noonan

Muslim Writers Guild of Ireland

Maryam Mosque

The Cottages

Old Monivea Rd

BallybritGalway

Galway

Housing crisis response a bandaid

There has been a response to the Dublin housing crisis, thanks to a lot of
dedicated work, but it is, in the end, a sticking plaster. The root issues have
yet to be tackled. It s important not to see the crisis as a Dublin phenomenon.
Here in Co Wexford, there was a waiting list of 47 for the only men s hostel, at
the last count, while, nationally, Simon has reported a 26% increase in its
caseload. It seems clear, then, that the current housing strategy is not
working. How could it? It s tired, muddy, thinking, rather than dynamic,
creative thinking.

We must make a radical shift away from market-driven, mortgage-led, private
housing, towards the more inclusive, and harmonious, concept of community
housing, built, perhaps, by regional construction units. We might also usefully
shift focus from two storey, three-bed, houses, to three storey, five-bed,
houses, which will give people room to breathe, and grow, and eliminate the
problematic  starter home  pile up.

The particular housing needs of single people must also be addressed. Apartment
complexes with large communal areas might well be the answer, and the answer,
too, to the issue of social isolation.

Unless decisive, creative, action is taken on what is now the single biggest
issue facing us, there will be even more people in emergency accommodation, at
Christmas 2017.

Daithí Ó Frithile

Beechville

Clonard

Wexford

Co Wexford

Never too early for a Christmas cracker

What song do you sing at a snowman s birthday party?

Freeze a jolly good fellow!

Damien Carroll

Kingswood

Dublin 24

Help elderly people at Christmas time

Some people will be all alone over this Christmas period. All they will have is
golden memories of Christmases past, when laughter filled the now empty rooms,
and the walls echoed to children playing, with toys. Some elderly people will
have no one to talk to, or, share a glass of cheer with.

Let s try and get back to the real meaning of yuletide. A smile. A kind word
cost s nothing, yet means so much to that lonely elderly person. Remember, they
too, were once young, and full of vigour. Those beautiful wrinkles etched into
their faces, were hard earned, and worthy of respect. That poor limp, was the
result of years and years of hard physical work. That s why they are a bit slow
at the supermarket checkout. Instead of shuffling uneasily, give them a helping
hand. Treat them the way you would treat your parents. The most precious gift
you could give them, and it costs you nothing is your time.

Anthony Woods

Marian Ave

Ennis

Co Clare

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      March 19, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

PM Narendra Modi visits Krishi Unnati Mela

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 393  words


New Delhi, Mar 19 (IBNS) Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday called upon
all stakeholders, including farmers, states and the Union Government to resolve
to double farmers' income by 2022.

Sharing his vision for Indian agriculture, with farmers at the Krishi Unnati
Mela in New Delhi on Saturday, the Prime Minister said that while this task may
be challenging, there can be no doubt that this is an objective worth aiming
for. The Prime Minister described the Krishi Unnati Mela as a platform that
could rewrite Indias destiny. He said Indias future had to be built on the
growth of agriculture, and the prosperity of its farmers and its villages. In
this context, he mentioned the recent Union Budget, and said it would have a
far-reaching impact on these sectors. Narendra Modi emphasized that the next
revolution in Indian agriculture had to be built on technology and
modernization; and the eastern part of India had maximum potential to achieve
it. The Government is working towards this goal, he added. The Prime Minister
explained how the reduction of input costs was the first element towards raising
farm incomes. He said that the Soil Health Card scheme, and the Pradhan Mantri
Krishi Sinchai Yojana are important steps towards reducing input costs. The
Prime Minister called for raising farm incomes through diversification in
farming activities. He said that along with crop growing, farmers could opt for
timber plantation along the edges of their fields; and also begin animal
husbandry. He said diversification in farming activity will reduce the risk
associated with agriculture. The Prime Minister explained the benefits of the
Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, and said it had been evolved after
wide-ranging consultations. He said that the scheme is characterized by minimum
premium, and maximum security. Earlier, the Prime Minister visited the
exhibition pavilions, and was given an overview of best practices and techniques
followed by various institutions and agriculture entrepreneurs; latest
agriculture equipment, and milch cattle. The Prime Minister gave away the Krishi
Karman Awards for 2014-15 to States and farmers. He also launched a mobile
application for farmers Kisan Suvidha. This will provide information to farmers
on subjects such as weather, market prices, seeds, fertilizers, pesticides and
agriculture machinery.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2016 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 29, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

It Is the Middle-Level Family Farm That Needs Federal Help

SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 539 words


To the Editor:


Your recent editorial ''Setting Agriculture Free'' leaves some mistaken
impressions about American agriculture. You place all American farmers into two
categories: the ''300,000 large, mechanized farms that yield about 70 percent of
America's farm output'' and the ''two million farms producing the other 30
percent.'' You assert that farms in the first group are ''models of
efficiency,'' while those in the second group are ''too small to stay afloat
without help.'' You also state the ''only argument for price supports is that
they let struggling farmers stay in business.''

Let's take a closer look at Federal farm programs to see which farms really
benefit most. According to the Economic Research Service of the Department of
Agriculture, American agriculture breaks down into three basic farm groups:


* The 100,000 megafarms with annual sales over $200,000.


* About 500,000 full-time family farms with annual sales between $40,000 and
$200,000 (according to Agriculture Department studies, the farms in this group
usually operate at maximum efficiencies).


* The 1.7 million farms with sales under $40,000, many earning most of their
income from nonfarm sources.

Which of the three groups is most heavily subsidized? According to Agriculture,
50 percent of direct Government subsidies in 1983 went to the farms with the top
10 percent in gross annual sales.

Which farm groups rely most heavily on Government programs to stay afloat? While
Government payments to the smallest farms are inconsequential, to the largest
farms they are a kind of bonus, encouraging overproduction. It is the middle
level, the relatively efficient full-time family farmers for whom Federal
programs can make the difference between ending the year in the black or the red
- although even for these farmers, Government programs are not the major sources
of income.

This background should be helpful as Congress begins debating reauthorization of
farm programs. As an alternative to the Reagan Administration proposal to
dismantle the farm-subsidy system, we believe there are specific steps Congress
can take.

First, change tax policies that encourage investment in farming solely to
shelter nonfarm income, and end special tax deductions that encourage farm
inefficiencies.

Second, limit the target-price coverage to a sufficient volume of production to
yield a fair income for each producing medium-size farm. Current coverage
encourages overproduction to receive Government benefits.

Third, cap the price-support loan coverage at a dollar limit per farm family
adequate to support production on medium-size farms. The current system provides
unlimited coverage, again encouraging overproduction.

These are among the sound recommendations drafted by representatives from 16
national farm and food organizations known as the Working Group on Farm and Food
Policy. The proposals will save the Government money and strengthen the farm
economy.

CY CARPENTER DEVON WOODLAND EDWARD ANDERSEN Washington, March 25, 1985

The writers are, respectively, president of the National Farmers Union,
president of the National Farmers Organization and master of the National
Grange.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 19, 1987 Saturday

REPORT ON BUSINESS   PEI farm predictions

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 112 words


Ottawa's predictions of a looming disaster for Prince Edward Island
farmers aren't as bad as they look, says provincial Agriculture Minister
Timothy Carroll.

Agriculture Canada figures released this week forecast a 42 per cent
drop in net farm income - what a farmer has left after paying his bills -
for PEI in 1988.

But Mr. Carroll said that while the predictions look like bad news,
they must be viewed in context.

'We had a record year in farm income last year, the best year ever,'  he said.
'The rest of Canada had one of its worst years ever. I'm not  saying that things
aren't bad, but the predictions would put us back where  the rest of the country
is right now.'

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Business, agri community welcome reform salient of federal budget

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 163

LENGTH: 322  words


The business and agriculture community have welcomed the budget and termed as
long-term financial, institutional and structural reforms for 2013-14.

Senior Vice President of Hyderabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (HCCI),
Turab Ali Khwaja, said putting an end to the Rs 500 billion circular debt which
was hurting the power sector and announcing special economic zones (SEZs) were
among the promising features in the budget.

"While the advantages from the SEZs will take years to come, clearing the
circular debt will immediately address the power outages which is the main
impediment in the economic growth," he said.

He welcomed the government's move to increase the income tax slab from 25
percent on Rs 2.5 million annual income to 35 percent on Rs 6 million annual
income.

However, he recommended that the income tax on people earning less than Rs 6
million per year should have been reduced considerably to allow growth in the
small and medium size businesses.

Turab Khwaja reserved opinion on other provisions in the budget saying a
thorough reaction would be given by the HCCI after studying the budget document
in detail.

Vice-President of Sindh Chamber of Agriculture Nabi Bux Sathio welcomed the
announcement of keeping the agriculture sector exempt from the taxes.

However, he suggested that the tax exemption on the agricultural input which the
former government had withdrawn should have been revived in the budget.

"At a time when we are talking about giving the most favoured nation (MFN)
status to India, the government should ensure that the cost of production of
crops in Pakistan should be kept commensurate with India," he said adding that
if the said steps were not taken, the country's agriculture sector would suffer.

Sindh CNG Association's provincial president Zulfiqar Yousfani maintained  that
the budget lacked a clear policy for the CNG sector, its continuity and dealing
with the challenges facing the sector.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Business, agri community welcome reform salient of federal budget

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 163

LENGTH: 322  words


The business and agriculture community have welcomed the budget and termed as
long-term financial, institutional and structural reforms for 2013-14.

Senior Vice President of Hyderabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (HCCI),
Turab Ali Khwaja, said putting an end to the Rs 500 billion circular debt which
was hurting the power sector and announcing special economic zones (SEZs) were
among the promising features in the budget.

"While the advantages from the SEZs will take years to come, clearing the
circular debt will immediately address the power outages which is the main
impediment in the economic growth," he said.

He welcomed the government's move to increase the income tax slab from 25
percent on Rs 2.5 million annual income to 35 percent on Rs 6 million annual
income.

However, he recommended that the income tax on people earning less than Rs 6
million per year should have been reduced considerably to allow growth in the
small and medium size businesses.

Turab Khwaja reserved opinion on other provisions in the budget saying a
thorough reaction would be given by the HCCI after studying the budget document
in detail.

Vice-President of Sindh Chamber of Agriculture Nabi Bux Sathio welcomed the
announcement of keeping the agriculture sector exempt from the taxes.

However, he suggested that the tax exemption on the agricultural input which the
former government had withdrawn should have been revived in the budget.

"At a time when we are talking about giving the most favoured nation (MFN)
status to India, the government should ensure that the cost of production of
crops in Pakistan should be kept commensurate with India," he said adding that
if the said steps were not taken, the country's agriculture sector would suffer.

Sindh CNG Association's provincial president Zulfiqar Yousfani maintained  that
the budget lacked a clear policy for the CNG sector, its continuity and dealing
with the challenges facing the sector.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

Across the AISLE| Dear farmers: Achhe din are coming

BYLINE: P Chidambaram

LENGTH: 860  words


Farmers may rejoice. The government has finally acknowledged that farmers are
part of India, that the farm sector faces acute distress, and that farmers need
a helping hand. That is something which many commentators-especially Mr Ashok
Gulati-have been saying for many months.

Farmers had taken note of the BJP's failure to keep its election promise of
offering a Minimum Support Price (MSP) of cost + 50%. I had pointed out that the
increases in MSP in 2015-16 were paltry. Members of Parliament were aghast when
Prime Minister Modi declared his contempt for MGNREGA that, according to him,
was "a monument to the failure of the Congress governments". Critics warned the
government that the allocation to MGNREGA was inadequate. Surveys show that farm
wages have risen only marginally in 2015-16 adding to the distress.

While the Prime Minister spoke often, and eloquently, on FDI, Make in India, and
ease of doing business, he paid scant attention to the agriculture sector,
leaving it, presumably, to the minister of agriculture. The latter, however, was
neither seen nor heard and, after nearly 21 months in office, remains largely
unknown. (He could take a few lessons from the minister of human resource
development who has acquired a cult status among the 'nationalists and
patriots', if not among the students and teachers.)

As a result, the label of 'suit-boot ki sarkar' stuck, and something had to be
done. I suspect that is how the idea of a 'pro-farmer, pro-rural India budget'
was born. Whatever be the motivation, I welcome the government's move to address
the problems of the agricultural sector.

Let's do the math

It was brave on the part of the finance minister to reiterate the Prime
Minister's declared goal of 'doubling the income of farmers by 2022'. The
budget, we were told, was the first step in this regard. So, what did the budget
do?

Let's do the math. Doubling income in six years will mean that the average
annual growth rate of farmers' income should be around 12%. Is that possible in
a country where 66% of all agricultural land is monsoon-dependent and does not
have assured irrigation? Besides, in 2014-15 and 2015-16, the agriculture sector
grew at the rate of minus 0.2% and 1.1%, respectively. It is difficult to
imagine that the sectoral growth rate will jump to anything close to 12% or
farmers' income will grow at 12% per year.

Agricultural income is based on two factors-productivity and price. No one has
claimed that there are measures underway to dramatically increase productivity
in growing paddy, wheat, sugarcane or pulses in the next six years. Productivity
gains in select areas or crops may add about 3% to the farmer's income. That
leaves price. Will the government increase the MSP for these crops by 12% a
year? There is no clear answer in the budget speech or in the allocations.

Rabbit out of the hat

In the speech there is one possible answer: the total allocation for agriculture
and farmers' welfare. It is an impressive jump from Rs 15,809 crore in 2015-16
(RE) to Rs 35,984 crore (BE). How did the government manage to pull this rabbit
out of the hat? By the simple expedient of shifting the allocation for 'interest
subsidy for short-term credit to farmers' from the Department of Financial
Services to the Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers' Welfare!
Minus this shift, the allocations read as follows under the NDA government:

2014-15: Rs 19,255 crore

2015-16 (RE): Rs 15,809 crore

2016-17 (BE): Rs 20,984 crore

Nothing dramatic; the allocation that was cut in 2015-16 has been restored to
the level of 2014-15. Allowing for inflation over two years, in real terms, the
allocation may be actually less.

The singular idea trotted out as 'path breaking' was the Prime Minister's Fasal
Bima Yojana for which an allocation of R5,500 crore has been made. The budget
documents themselves say that the scheme is basically "the National Crop
Insurance Scheme which includes existing" schemes. Each of the old schemes was
an attempt to make crop insurance better targeted and more effective. It is
possible that the Fasal Bima Yojana that rolls all the old schemes into one will
be more beneficial to the farmers. I sincerely hope so, but I must say that no
new paths have been broken yet.

Non-farm income

The way to improve the farmer's income is to improve his non-farm income. Most
farmers have no reliable non-farm income except casual manual labour. Non-farm
income for a family will be available only if there are jobs outside the farm.
Such jobs can be created through public works like road-building, irrigation
works and watershed programmes, but they will not be enough. More can be done
only through private investments in small, medium and large industries and in
the services sector. Such investments have been lacking in the last two years
adding to the distress caused by drought or drought-like conditions in the last
three years.

The goal of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 is indeed laudable. Farmers
must, however, demand that the government should present a concrete plan to
achieve that goal. Otherwise, it will be another chunavi jumla.

Website: pchidambaram.in

@Pchidambaram_IN

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

'Agriculture development key to combatting poverty'

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 522

LENGTH: 403  words


The agriculture experts and scientists on Tuesday said that poverty is the
biggest challenge the country has been facing and it could only be combated
through investments in the agriculture sector. We have to win war against
poverty and agriculture is the key in this regard, said Ministry of National
Food Security and Research (MNSF and R) Secretary Seerat Asghar while speaking
at the concluding session of a two-day annual conference on Agricultural
Innovations for Improved Productivity and Economic Growth.The conference was
organised by the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Centre (CIMMYT) in
collaboration with the United States Agency for International Development
(USAID) and Pakistan Agricultural Research Council (PARC). The federal secretary
said that an investment of $1 in the agriculture sector has an impact of an
investment of $3 in other sectors in terms of alleviating poverty from the
country.

Quoting the World Bank, he said when agriculture income increases by 5%, the
income of other sectors automatically enhances by 8%. This indicates that we
need to invest in the agriculture sector, however, currently the investment in
agriculture sector were very low. Although the 18th amendment has provided more
power to the federation to regulate the agriculture sector, it also badly
impacted the agriculture funding as provincial assistance to the sector has
drastically come down, he added. He said according to the reports, grain and
cotton prices would remain depressed during the next five years, so there is
need of devising a comprehensive strategy to cope with its negative impacts. The
federal secretary said that agriculture was the only sector that could lead the
country towards sustainable growth, productivity and prosperity. He stressed the
importance of promoting livestock sector of the country that could also help
promote the economy.

Speaking on the occasion, CIMMYT Director General Dr Martin Kropff said
utilisation of latest technologies and development of value chain for marketing
of the agriculture produce would help uplift the agriculture sector. He also
highlighted the importance of reducing cost of production, using balanced
fertiliser and establishing linkage for coordination, and said these steps were
imperatives for development of the agriculture sector. He urged for taking steps
to cope with the challenges and ensure sufficient food for growing populations.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 10, 2015 Friday

Proposals for budget FY2015-16: FPCCI underscores need for taxing agriculture
income, increasing tax rate

BYLINE: N H ZUBERI

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 99

LENGTH: 863  words


President Federation of Pakistan Chambers of Commerce  and  Industry (FPCCI) has
recommended that income tax on agriculture should be increased and agriculture
income should be brought under tax net.

Addressing a press conference to brief media about FPCCI budget proposals for
2015-16, President FPCCI Mian Mohammad Adrees said that the agriculture sector
contributed around 24 percent share in overall GDP of Pakistan, but its share in
total tax collection was just one percent.

The president suggested that a single "Business Registration Authority' be
established to maintain complete database of business entities.

All business, irrespective of status, should make annual renewal subject to tax
compliance like filing of annual tax return. This would broaden tax base and
increase tax revenues, he added.

Adrees said that the federation had prepared proposals on the basis of feedback
received on matter related to revenue and taxation throughout the years from its
members located across the country and input obtained through several workshops
and holding working groups meeting where the proposals of member trade bodies
were discussed in detail.

He said that while preparing proposals for the budget special care had been
taken about international agreement or IMF policy framework papers and GSP plus
conditionality so that they should not be violated or clashed.

The president expressed that the country was passing through tough and difficult
time and added that the budget may not have big changes nor bring big relief.

Adrees said that it was high time for Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) to
introduce business and industrial-friendly polices in the federal budget 2015-6.

"At present FBR officials squeeze the existing tax payers to meet the revenue
targets. It is also high time that taxation base be widened. Pakistan's overall
tax-to-GDP ratio has remained stagnant at around 9 percent or so and in fact has
shown a decline in recent years. During 80s and 90s tax-to-GDP ration was 12 to
13 percent, respectively," he added.

Adrees said that it was proposed that untaxed or under taxed sectors should be
brought into tax net. Measures should be adopted to raise at least one percent
tax to GDP every year till 2020.

The Federation chief said that the prevailing rate of 17 percent sale tax was
high as compared to other countries in the region and this high rate was root
cause of tax evasion, corruption and smuggling.

He said that sales tax issue was discussed with Federal Finance Minister and he
had also agreed that it was on higher side. However, the minister did not agreed
to bring it down to single digit owing some international agreement
conditionality.

The federation has proposed to bring sales tax down to 15 percent from existing
17 percent and it should be non-adjustable and non-refundable. Sales tax be
collected at single state ie at import or manufacturing, he suggested.

In value addition chain industry, GST should be collected at 0.5 percent at each
stage of value addition to complete the chain.

For expeditious refund of exports stuck up money, the ministry of finance should
form a permanent Review Committee comprising representative of FBR, chairman of
associations of five export oriented industries.

He also proposed that the government should establish alternative energy
ministry and opposed government proposal to merge textile ministry with commerce
ministry.

He said that corporate tax rate in Pakistan was comparatively high in the
region. It should be brought down or a uniform rate be introduced for all
businesses, irrespective of their legal status, to encourage corporatisation and
promote industrialisation.

He said that India had already separated ministry for alternative energy.

Member of FPCCI working group on budget , Zubair F. Tufail, said that prevailing
limit of turnover for cottage industry stand at Rs 5 million which need to be
increased to 10 million and the utility limit should be increased from 0.7
million to 1.2 million.

To enhance purchasing power of salaried class segment of the society it is
proposed to raise tax exemption limit to Rs 600,000 from Rs 400,000.

Referring to import of plants and machinery, he said for the last 7 years almost
no new industries were set up in the country, thus huge un-employment, resulting
in rising street crimes and worsening law and order.

It is proposed that duty and sales tax be exempted on import plants and
machinery to encourage industrialisation which is needed to create new jobs.

He said that it was suggested to simplify tax return form and reduce
discretionary power of tax officials.

Dr Mirza Ikhtiar Baig, another member of FPCCI working group on budget, said
that the government agreed not to impose gas infrastructure development
surcharge (GIDC) from back date.

He said that the respectable High Courts and Supreme Court of Pakistan had
already termed it illegal.

He said that the government may increase gas tariff from July 1, 2015 instead of
imposing GIDC.

Dr Biag said that he discussed the issue with finance minister during his visit
of federation house and asked urged him to remove the confusion of industries
related to increase of gas tariff to which he agreed.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Carstairs Courier (Alberta)

                             June 10, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Better risk management program available to Alberta's producers

BYLINE: Richard Marz, Special to the Carstairs Courier

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 280  words


Alberta's producers now only have to apply to one program to access income
stabilization and disaster mitigation resources.

A new Net Income Stabilization Account (NISA) program was recently announced as
part of the national Agricultural Policy Framework. The new NISA combines the
income stabilization aspects of the old NISA program with the disaster
mitigation aspects of Alberta's Farm Income Disaster Program (FIDP). As such,
FIDP will no longer be offered beyond the 2002 taxation year.

"The new NISA is a program that will really work for producers," said Shirley
McClellan, Deputy Premier and Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural
Development. "Having one program simplifies application procedures and causes
the producer less concern and frustration."

For those producers who have already applied for FIDP in 2003 the claims will be
automatically processed under the new program. If producers have already
received a payment or advance, additional entitlements if any will be paid out.
Agriculture Financial Services Corporation (AFSC) officials will ensure that
individuals are made aware of any additional requirements that must be met. AFSC
is the provincial crown corporation that currently administers FIDP and will
administer the new NISA.

More information about the new NISA will soon be available, including details of
eligibility and participation. Producers can expect detailed brochures to be
delivered to their rural mailboxes in the next few weeks. Meetings will be held
across the province to inform farmers, farm groups, accountants, and lending
institutions about program details.

For more information, please visit www.AFSC.ca or call AFSC at 1-800-851-5070.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2003 Carstairs Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Value of agriculture

BYLINE: By Kim Sun-ae

LENGTH: 644 words


In the Secret Garden of Changdeokgung Palace, kings of the Joseon era
(1392-1910) farmed to learn about the hard work of the people they ruled and to
set an example. Perhaps the kings experienced, even for a short time, how
difficult farming was and came to understand the people's lives more.
Nonetheless, how is the current government treating agriculture?

Last November, 69-year-old farmer Baek Nam-gi planted wheat on his farm and
attended a rally in Seoul the next day. There he was hit by police with a
high-pressure water cannon and has been in a coma since then. The reason he went
to Seoul was to ask the Park Geun-hye administration to guarantee rice prices.
Park promised to raise rice prices during the presidential election, but rice
prices have fallen. However, the people who committed violence against the old
farmer neither apologized nor took responsibility. This attitude seems to show
how the state and people in power are treating agriculture and our farmers.

It makes no difference how much farm produce is being imported; agriculture is
the basis of our lives. If we depend solely on imported agricultural products
because they are cheaper than domestic products, many people may face
difficulties in securing food in case our imports are jeopardized due to various
international circumstances including climate change.

According to the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the rate of
Korea's food self-sufficiency was about 50 percent during the period from
November 2014 to October 2015. Moreover, its grain self-sufficiency including
feed is only 24 percent. The country's self-sufficiency rates for major grains
are very low except for rice. That of wheat is around 1 percent, which means
nearly all of the wheat is imported. Domestic wheat, which farmer Baek Nam-gi
grew, is such a precious crop.

Since industrialization, many people have forgotten the value of agriculture. As
a result, farmland acreage and the number of farmers have continually decreased.
But no one can live without food although we can live without many other things.
Therefore, farming is still important.

Particularly, organic agriculture needs the interest of citizens and support
from the government. According to research by Dr. Kim Chang-gil of the Korea
Rural Economic Institute, organic farming reduces soil loss, soil pollution, and
greenhouse gas emissions. Organic agriculture also enhances soil fertility and
biodiversity, improves water quality, and has psychological healing effects on
people.

The government should actively support farming and farmers. One example of
support would be to consider guaranteeing a basic income for farmers.

Then, wouldn't more young people start farming in rural areas where the
residents are mostly seniors? Now, many farmers have difficulty making a living
just by farming.

Farm household income is 64 percent of urban workers' household income. So it is
not appealing to choose farming as a vocation. Nevertheless, if public awareness
of the importance of agriculture rises and the state lays the foundation for
supporting farmers based on a national consensus, the number of farmers will
increase.

The writer translates writings about agriculture and rural communities. Her blog
address is blog.naver.com/dancinglf.

In addition, policies that improve the living conditions of rural regions would
lead more people to live on farms where they may contribute to their villages
with their diverse talents. If the value of farming is recognized and rural
communities become livable and even desirable, overpopulation in the cities will
also ease. Wouldn't these efforts gradually solve social problems such as the
harmful effects of excessive urbanization, unemployment, and the crisis of
agriculture?

The writer translates writings about agriculture and rural communities. Her blog
address is blog.naver.com/dancinglf.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        November 17, 1998, CITY EDITION

Share-out of CAP payments described as social scandal

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 522 words


A farm leader yesterday described as a "social scandal" the revelation that over
40 per cent of Common Agricultural Policy payments had gone to only 4 per cent
of Irish farmers.

Mr Albert Thompson, the chairman of the Irish Cattlemen and Stockowners'
Association, which represents drystock farmers, was commenting on the EU Court
of Auditors' report, published yesterday.

He said that he had been pointing this out since the 1992 reform of the CAP by
Mr Ray MacSharry, but the Minister for Agriculture, Mr Walsh, had not listened.

"Every week we see our incomes eroded and they are now only 39 per cent of what
they were in 1973", Mr Thompson said. "If drystock farming is not to be
consigned to the history books as a quaint farming practice that died out
between 1992 and the year 2000, then all drystock farmers will have to voice
their opinion today, as tomorrow will be too late.

"The EU figure for the average farmer subsidy was (pounds) 9,000 per annum,
whereas the drystock farmer's average income is only (pounds) 5,000. If these
statistics are correct, then the 100,000 drystock farmers have lost out on
(pounds) 400 million that has been redistributed to other farming sectors."

The Labour Party's spokesman on agriculture, Mr Willie Penrose, said that the
figures published by the EU's audit service should not mask the fact that the
largest recipients of these supports were rich farmers.

"There is no doubt that Irish agriculture has benefited greatly from EU
supports, but unfortunately these supports have been poorly targeted. As it
stands, current figures suggest that 70 per cent of EU farm supports go to 30
per cent of farmers", he said.

"At the other end of the scale, we have thousands of farmers on very low
incomes, particularly those in the drystock sector, who are not in receipt of
any significant income supports from the EU. It is these farmers who are forming
part of the annual exodus from agriculture and who are finding it difficult to
get their sons and daughters interested in carrying on the family farms."

Calling for a new approach to the distribution of CAP supports, Mr Penrose said
that they should be directed towards low-income farmers who do not have the
acreage or the quality of land to produce high yields.

An Irish Farmers' Association spokesman said that politicians had driven farmers
down the road of direct payments by cutting producer prices. He claimed that
prices had been cut below the cost of production to a point where some of the
direct payments were going towards the costs of production. He cited the case of
beef farming, where direct payments last year had "accounted for 105 per cent of
income on cattle farms".

The spokesman pointed out that Ireland's share of the CAP budget had been in the
range of 4 to 5 per cent. This was not excessive given that Ireland's share of
the EU's overall beef and milk production was 7 per cent and 4 per cent,
respectively.

He said that, because of our high level of self-sufficiency and our distance
from EU consumers, we had a relatively high dependence on export refunds and
intervention.

Editorial comment: page 17

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1998 The Irish Times


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Daily Yomiuri(Tokyo)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Govt seeking to free up farm market;
Income subsidies for farmers would be expanded to realize EPAs

BYLINE: Akihito Teramura and Koichi Uetake, Yomiuri Shimbun Staff Writers,
Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 925 words


The government is studying how to liberalize the agriculture market in order to
facilitate negotiations on economic partnership agreements with other countries,
but liberalization faces many obstacles.

To realize liberalization, the government plans to expand the current income
support program to cover farming households that would be affected by an influx
of cheap farm products following liberalization.

However, opposition to liberalization runs deep, especially among agricultural
organizations and lawmakers of both ruling and opposition parties supported by
such organizations.

Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Michihiko Kano has said part of the
revenues from the tax for global warming countermeasures, which the government
plans to introduce next fiscal year, will be used to expand income compensation
for farmers.

But his plan has already come under fire within the government, with opponents
saying the environment tax revenues should be used only for global warming
countermeasures.

Protection of farmers

The government wants to promote farm-sector liberalization because high tariffs
levied on farm products are major obstacles in the negotiations for EPAs.

Total abolition of the tariffs or at least major cuts are indispensable to the
talks for EPAs, the government has concluded.

Another aim of liberalization is to improve the international competitiveness of
Japan's agricultural products in order to expand exports.

An immediate result of concluding EPAs with major farm countries such as the
United States and Australia would be an influx of cheap foreign agricultural
products and a subsequent decline in prices of domestic products. As a result,
domestic farmers will suffer financial damage.

At the same time, the ruling Democratic Party of Japan wants to raise the
nation's food self-sufficiency rate from 40 percent in 2009 to 50 percent by
2020.

To achieve both goals of liberalization and increased food production, measures
to support domestic farmers are indispensable.

After he became farm minister, Kano said that, to promote EPAs, the income
support system for farm households would be a core policy of his ministry.

Former Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Minister Masahiko Yamada had
maintained during his tenure that the system was not intended to promote EPAs.

Therefore, Kano's position represents a major shift in agricultural policy.

Adopted after the DPJ-led administration took the helm of the government, the
current system is designed to compensate farm households when sale prices of
their farm products fall below production costs. The differences are to be paid
from the state coffers.

Many major countries seeking EPAs have similar programs to protect their
farmers.

Japan's system of supporting farmers by maintaining high tariffs to keep
agricultural products' prices higher than in other countries has become more
difficult to maintain in light of criticism from abroad.

Currently, Japan's tariff rate for polished rice is 778 percent, and that for
beef is 38.5 percent.

Grains and livestock products are likely targets for liberalization, government
sources said.

Former DPJ Secretary General Ichiro Ozawa argued during the latest DPJ
presidential race the income support system should be expanded to promote EPAs.
Thus, a certain level of support for the idea exists within the party.

How can system be financed?

Budget constraints will be a serious problem if the farm household support is
expanded.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry has estimated domestic
agricultural production will decline by 3.6 trillion yen a year if all farm
tariffs are abolished. Therefore, Yamada maintained, "Several trillion yen" will
be needed to make up for the shortfall under the system.

However, some private research organizations put the figure much lower.

For instance, Kazuhito Yamashita, research director of the Canon Institute for
Global Studies, said, "The additional fiscal burden would be less than 910
billion yen."

Although there are differences in estimates, it is certain the ministry will
need additional funding to expand the income support.

"Agriculture has been contributing to preservation of environment," Kano argued
in support of using part of the environment tax revenues to supplement farm
incomes.

However, the Economy, Trade and Industry Ministry has already proposed that the
use of the revenues be limited to measures to combat global warming.

Therefore, coordination within the government will be absolutely necessary.

Time is limited

The government plans to compile a basic policy to accelerate the promotion of
EPAs, which Prime Minister Naoto Kan is expected to announce at the summit
meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation forum to be held in Yokohama in
November.

The government wants to announce its participation in the Trans-Pacific
Strategic Economic Partnership Agreement and promotion of a tripartite EPA with
China and South Korea as key points of its new policy. The government now must
decide how much to liberalize agricultural products.

The Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry will decide its policy on the
matter by mid-October, but agricultural organizations and related lawmakers may
oppose the policy, depending on its details.

Liberalization would be the first major change in agricultural policy since
1993, when the administration of then Prime Minister Morihiro Hosokawa partially
opened the country's rice market after fierce debates within the government and
with opposition parties.

This will be another major test for the Kan administration.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Yomiuri Shimbun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                              May 22, 2016 Sunday

Pre-budget seminar on agriculture

SECTION: Vol. 26 No. 80

LENGTH: 217  words


Agriculture experts at a pre-budget seminar on agriculture organised here by
Institution of Engineers Pakistan, Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC),
expressed serious concern over decline in farmers' income and less use of
advanced technology that was resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops
and growing poverty in rural areas.

World renowned agriculture expert Shaukat Khan who had been associated with
World Bank, USAID and other international institutions in his key-note address
cautioned that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on
country's overall economy. It was an interactive seminar, presided over by the
Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi. Prominent engineers Arjumund
Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice Chancellor City University) also took
part in the discussion, underlying the need of paying greater attention to
agriculture to get rid of poverty.

Shaukat Khan giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            December 14, 2014 Sunday

Integrated farming can reduce risk: Experts

BYLINE: Ranjana Diggikar

SECTION: AURANGABAD

LENGTH: 343 words


AURANGABAD: Emphasising on the importance of having subsidiary farm enterprises
like dairy, poultry, sericulture, goats along with crop production so as to
stabilise the farm income, experts also stressed that integrated farming system
can be a solution to the problem faced by rain-fed areas. The system aims at
reducing risk by providing sustainable income to the farmers round the year.

The Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) has organised a short course
programme on 'Integrated Farming System towards livelihood security' jointly
with the All India Coordinated Research Project on Integrated Farming System and
Department of Agronomy, Vasantrao Naik Marathwada Krishi Vidyapeeth (VNMKV),
Parbhani, from Wednesday.

While addressing the inaugural session of the 10-day programme between December
10 and 19, vice-chancellor of VNMKV, B Venkateswarlu, said, "Farmers should
stress on having subsidiary farm enterprises like dairy, poultry, sericulture
and goats along with crop production to stabilise the farm income."

He said that in our country the lowest rainfall is received in Rajasthan but
farmer suicides are not reported from the state as farmers don't rely on crop
cultivation alone. "Marathwada farmers mainly cultivate soybean and cotton and
if due to vagaries of nature these crops fail, they find themselves in economic
crisis. Integrated farming system can be a solution to the problem as it aims at
sustainable income for the farmers round the year."

Director of instruction and VNMKV dean, A S Dhawan said that integrated farming
system can be the answer to the state dryland agriculture problems.

Director of research D P Waskar called on the participants to discuss different
aspects of the integrated farming system. While another expert in agriculture, B
B Bhosle, said that farmers need low-cost sustainable agriculture technologies.

Associate dean and principal, College of Agriculture, D N Gokhale, chief
agronomist W N Narkhede and co-course director B V Asewar also spoke on various
aspects.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                          July 15, 1993, CITY EDITION

Farmers to receive £400m in payments

BYLINE: By MAOL MUIRE TYNAN, Political Reporter

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 491 words


FARM incomes should rise by up to 15 per cent this year and £490 million will be
due to farmers in direct EC payments, the Department of Agriculture has said.
The projected increase in income compares with an 18 per cent rise in 1992.

Announcing the mid-year situation in farming, based on figures prepared by the
economics unit in the Department of Agriculture Food and Forestry, the Minister,
Mr Walsh, yesterday said that, overall, the sector was in a healthy state, but
his officials admitted that there was a serious problem of low-income farming.

Of the State's 160,000 or so farmers, one-third involved in commercial, dairy or
mixed farming were in a "healthy state", one-third were fairly well-off, with
the remainder in the problem area, the Minister said.

The Department's overall assessment suggested 1993 looked like being "a good
year for farmers . In the first six months, the volume of beef, sheep and
pigmeat output was up on 1992. Although there was no guarantee that this would
translate into an overall increase for the year, the indications were that there
would be some rise in the volume of output in 1993.

Officials in the Department were crediting the increase in income to much
stronger prices than anticipated during the first half of the year. This strong
price performance was due to the devaluation of the Green Pound and "firm
markets" for dairy products, beef and sheepmeat. The re-emergence of the live
cattle trade had also been an important factor.

The Assistant Secretary of the Department, Mr Tom Arnold, said that, although it
was too early to make firm predictions about farm incomes for 1993, it was "not
unreasonable to expect an increase in the order of 13 to 15 per cent". The final
outcome would be "critically dependent on cattle prices at the end of the year",
he added.

The prediction that income could rise by as much as 20 per cent was not
necessarily a wild one at this stage, but the Department was taking a more
cautious view, Mr Arnold said.

A national farm survey by Teagasc, the Agriculture and Food Development
Authority, earlier this week indicated that 58 per cent of farms yielded an
income of less than £5,000 per annum. Over one-third had lower family incomes in
1992 than in 1991, and just 13 per cent had a family farm income of over
£15,000.

While the reality of farm incomes was more complex than the Teagasc figures
revealed, Mr Arnold said there was a "serious problem" of low-income farming.
Less than half the income, on average, was derived from farming activity. In the
past 20 years many farmers, who could not earn enough from farming, had been
diversifying their income sources, he said.

Meanwhile, the Minister of State for Food and Horticulture Mr Brian O'Shea,
confirmed that legislation was being prepared for the establishment of An Bord
Bia, the new Food Board, and a Bill would be brought before the Dail in the next
session.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1993 The Irish Times


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Notice of Intent To Seek Approval To Revise and Extend a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 1242  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice And Request For Comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) to request
revision and extension of a currently approved information collection, the
Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys. A revision to
burden hours will be needed due to changes in the size of the target population,
sampling design, and/or questionnaire length.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by April 13, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments, identified by docket number 0535-0218, by any of the
following methods:

Email: ombofficer@nass.usda.gov Include docket number above in the subject line
of the message.
    eFax: (855) 838-6382.
    Mail: Mail any paper, disk, or CD-ROM submissions to: David Hancock, NASS
Clearance Officer, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Hand deliver to: David Hancock, NASS Clearance
Officer, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

R. Renee Picanso, Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, (202) 720-4333. Copies of this
information collection and related instructions can be obtained without charge
from David Hancock, NASS--OMB Clearance Officer, at (202) 690-2388 or at
ombofficer@nass.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Title: Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys.

OMB Control Number: 0535-0218.

Expiration Date of Current Approval: October 31, 2015.

Type of Request: Intent to revise and extend a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The Agricultural Resource Management Survey(s) (ARMS) are the primary
source of information for the U.S. Department of Agriculture on a broad range of
issues related to: production practices, costs and returns, pest management,
chemical usage, and contractor expenses. Data is collected on both a whole farm
level and on selected commodities.

ARMS is the only source of information available for objective evaluation of
many critical issues related to agriculture and the rural economy, such as:
whole farm finance data, including data sufficient to construct estimates of
income for farms by: type of operation, loan commodities, income for operator
households, credit, structure, and organization; marketing information; and
other economic data on input usage, production practices, and crop substitution
possibilities.

Data from ARMS are used to produce estimates of net farm income by type of
commercial producer as required in 7 U.S.C. 7998 as amended and estimates of
enterprise production costs as required in 7 U.S.C. 1441(a) as amended. Data
from ARMS are also used as weights in the development of the Prices Paid Index,
a component of the Parity Index referred to in the Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1938, as amended. These indexes are used to calculate the annual federal
grazing fee rates as described in the Public Rangelands Improvement Act of 1978
and Executive Order 12548 and as promulgated in regulations found at 36 CFR
222.51, as amended.

In addition, ARMS is used to produce estimates of sector-wide production
expenditures and other components of income that are used in constructing the
estimates of income and value-added which are transmitted to the U.S. Department
of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, by the USDA Economic Research Service
(ERS) for use in constructing economy-wide estimates of Gross Domestic Product.
This transmittal of data, prepared using the ARMS, is undertaken to satisfy a
1956 agreement between the Office of Management and Budget and the Departments
of Agriculture and Commerce that a single set of estimates be published on farm
income.

Chemical Use Surveys: Congress has mandated that NASS and ERS build nationally
coordinated databases on agricultural chemical use and related farm practices;
these databases are the primary vehicles used to produce specified environmental
and economic estimates. The surveys will help provide the knowledge and
technical means for producers and researchers to address on-farm environmental
concerns in a manner that maintains agricultural productivity.

In this approval request, there are three significant program changes. First,
the Fruit Chemical Use Survey will be reinstated in rotation with the Vegetable
Chemical Use Survey. These two surveys will be conducted in alternating years.
Second, starting in October 2015, data on Microbial Food Safety Practices used
by farmers will be collected on both the Vegetable and Fruit Chemical Use
Surveys. Finally, a new annual survey will be added to collect data on the
Microbial Food Safety Practices--Packer Survey.
Authority: Back to Top

These data will be collected under the authority of 7 U.S.C. 2204(a).
Individually identifiable data collected under this authority are governed by
section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985, 7 U.S.C. 2276, which requires
USDA to afford strict confidentiality to non-aggregated data provided by
respondents. This Notice is submitted in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995 (at 44 U.S.C. 3501, et seq.) and Office of Management and Budget
regulations at 5 CFR part 1320.

NASS also complies with OMB Implementation Guidance, "Implementation Guidance
for Title V of the E-Government Act, Confidential Information Protection and
Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (CIPSEA)."Federal Register, Vol. 72, No. 115,
June 15, 2007, p. 33362.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average approximately 45 minutes per survey.

Respondents: Farmers, ranchers, farm managers, farm contractors, and farm
households.

Estimated Number of Respondents: Approximately 90,000 respondents will be
sampled each year. Over half of these respondents will be contacted more than
one time in a single year.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: Approximately 85,000 hours per
year.

Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, technological or other forms of information technology
collection methods.

All responses to this notice will become a matter of public record and be
summarized in the request for OMB approval.

Signed at Washington, DC, January 30, 2015.

R. Renee Picanso,

Associate Administrator.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Notice of Intent To Seek Approval To Revise and Extend a Currently Approved
Information Collection

LENGTH: 1242  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Action

Notice And Request For Comments.
Summary

In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, this notice announces
the intention of the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) to request
revision and extension of a currently approved information collection, the
Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys. A revision to
burden hours will be needed due to changes in the size of the target population,
sampling design, and/or questionnaire length.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

DATES: Back to Top

Comments on this notice must be received by April 13, 2015 to be assured of
consideration.
ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may submit comments, identified by docket number 0535-0218, by any of the
following methods:

Email: ombofficer@nass.usda.gov Include docket number above in the subject line
of the message.
    eFax: (855) 838-6382.
    Mail: Mail any paper, disk, or CD-ROM submissions to: David Hancock, NASS
Clearance Officer, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.
    Hand Delivery/Courier: Hand deliver to: David Hancock, NASS Clearance
Officer, U.S. Department of Agriculture, Room 5336 South Building, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-2024.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

R. Renee Picanso, Associate Administrator, National Agricultural Statistics
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, (202) 720-4333. Copies of this
information collection and related instructions can be obtained without charge
from David Hancock, NASS--OMB Clearance Officer, at (202) 690-2388 or at
ombofficer@nass.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Title: Agricultural Resources Management Survey and Chemical Use Surveys.

OMB Control Number: 0535-0218.

Expiration Date of Current Approval: October 31, 2015.

Type of Request: Intent to revise and extend a currently approved information
collection.

Abstract: The Agricultural Resource Management Survey(s) (ARMS) are the primary
source of information for the U.S. Department of Agriculture on a broad range of
issues related to: production practices, costs and returns, pest management,
chemical usage, and contractor expenses. Data is collected on both a whole farm
level and on selected commodities.

ARMS is the only source of information available for objective evaluation of
many critical issues related to agriculture and the rural economy, such as:
whole farm finance data, including data sufficient to construct estimates of
income for farms by: type of operation, loan commodities, income for operator
households, credit, structure, and organization; marketing information; and
other economic data on input usage, production practices, and crop substitution
possibilities.

Data from ARMS are used to produce estimates of net farm income by type of
commercial producer as required in 7 U.S.C. 7998 as amended and estimates of
enterprise production costs as required in 7 U.S.C. 1441(a) as amended. Data
from ARMS are also used as weights in the development of the Prices Paid Index,
a component of the Parity Index referred to in the Agricultural Adjustment Act
of 1938, as amended. These indexes are used to calculate the annual federal
grazing fee rates as described in the Public Rangelands Improvement Act of 1978
and Executive Order 12548 and as promulgated in regulations found at 36 CFR
222.51, as amended.

In addition, ARMS is used to produce estimates of sector-wide production
expenditures and other components of income that are used in constructing the
estimates of income and value-added which are transmitted to the U.S. Department
of Commerce, Bureau of Economic Analysis, by the USDA Economic Research Service
(ERS) for use in constructing economy-wide estimates of Gross Domestic Product.
This transmittal of data, prepared using the ARMS, is undertaken to satisfy a
1956 agreement between the Office of Management and Budget and the Departments
of Agriculture and Commerce that a single set of estimates be published on farm
income.

Chemical Use Surveys: Congress has mandated that NASS and ERS build nationally
coordinated databases on agricultural chemical use and related farm practices;
these databases are the primary vehicles used to produce specified environmental
and economic estimates. The surveys will help provide the knowledge and
technical means for producers and researchers to address on-farm environmental
concerns in a manner that maintains agricultural productivity.

In this approval request, there are three significant program changes. First,
the Fruit Chemical Use Survey will be reinstated in rotation with the Vegetable
Chemical Use Survey. These two surveys will be conducted in alternating years.
Second, starting in October 2015, data on Microbial Food Safety Practices used
by farmers will be collected on both the Vegetable and Fruit Chemical Use
Surveys. Finally, a new annual survey will be added to collect data on the
Microbial Food Safety Practices--Packer Survey.
Authority: Back to Top

These data will be collected under the authority of 7 U.S.C. 2204(a).
Individually identifiable data collected under this authority are governed by
section 1770 of the Food Security Act of 1985, 7 U.S.C. 2276, which requires
USDA to afford strict confidentiality to non-aggregated data provided by
respondents. This Notice is submitted in accordance with the Paperwork Reduction
Act of 1995 (at 44 U.S.C. 3501, et seq.) and Office of Management and Budget
regulations at 5 CFR part 1320.

NASS also complies with OMB Implementation Guidance, "Implementation Guidance
for Title V of the E-Government Act, Confidential Information Protection and
Statistical Efficiency Act of 2002 (CIPSEA)."Federal Register, Vol. 72, No. 115,
June 15, 2007, p. 33362.

Estimate of Burden: Public reporting burden for this collection of information
is estimated to average approximately 45 minutes per survey.

Respondents: Farmers, ranchers, farm managers, farm contractors, and farm
households.

Estimated Number of Respondents: Approximately 90,000 respondents will be
sampled each year. Over half of these respondents will be contacted more than
one time in a single year.

Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: Approximately 85,000 hours per
year.

Comments: Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed collection of
information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (b) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed collection of
information, including the validity of the methodology and assumptions used; (c)
ways to enhance the quality, utility, and clarity of the information to be
collected; and (d) ways to minimize the burden of the collection of information
on those who are to respond, through the use of appropriate automated,
electronic, mechanical, technological or other forms of information technology
collection methods.

All responses to this notice will become a matter of public record and be
summarized in the request for OMB approval.

Signed at Washington, DC, January 30, 2015.

R. Renee Picanso,

Associate Administrator.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Govt to give thrust on promotion of inland fisheries

BYLINE: Sandip Das

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


In order to provide farmers with additional income sources, the new government
is planning to give a major thrust to the fisheries sector, particularly inland
fisheries.

Besides boosting production of oilseeds and pulses, the agriculture ministry
would give major focus to fisheries sector development.  Agriculture minister
Sharad Pawar, during his maiden press meet on Monday, had indicated that a major
push would be given to development of inland fisheries and aquaculture as marine
fish production has already reached saturation point.

"The potential of inland fisheries have been exploited only up to 50% of the
potential, we see a great opportunity in expansion of the sector," Pawar had
said after assuming office as agriculture minister for the second time.

Besides, the agriculture ministry, the rural development ministry is also
planning to promote fisheries through technical collaboration with Indian
Council Agricultural Research(ICAR) through programmes such as National Rural
Employment Guarantee Act.

Under NREGA, large numbers of water bodies have been created across the rural
India. Rural development ministry plans to use these water bodies for fisheries
development for augmenting the income of the rural poor.

"We have held discussion with agriculture ministry officials on the scope of
fisheries development under NREGA," Rita Sharma, secretary, rural development
told FE.

The rural development ministry is particularly seeking support from Mumbai based
Central Institute of Fisheries Education, an ICAR body for technical help. "We
want to expand the scope of NREGA works so that rural income gets further
boosts," she said.

Under NREGA since its launch in 2006, more than 27 lakh works mostly relating to
water conservation such as digging of well or pond, renovation of traditional
water bodies etc have been taken up till date.

Indian's fish (both inland and marine) production has increased from 5.6 million
tonne during 2000-2001 to 6.5 million tonne during 2006-2007. This fiscal, the
fish production is it is estimated to cross 7 million tonne. India ranks third
in fish production behind China and Japan.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Statement by Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on How Ag Export Surge
Boosted GDP Growth

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today issued the following statement:



 "Today's report on gross domestic product growth in the third quarter of 2016
brings welcome news for our overall economy, and brings further affirmation that
America's agriculture sector remains a shining star in our nation's ability to
seize export opportunities. Economic growth has increased 2.9 percent in the
third quarter of 2016, a direct result of the gains made in export sales.
Exports reached 10 percent growth in the quarter, the highest since 2013, with
agricultural exports contributing disproportionately to the gains. Although a
strong U.S. dollar and lower commodity prices have created headwinds for
America's farmers and ranchers, this report demonstrates their ability to remain
resilient and to seize opportunities to sell U.S. food, fiber and fuel to
markets around the world.





 "In this Administration alone, agricultural exports have topped $1 trillion
since 2009, far and away the best stretch in our nation's history. Our farmers
and ranchers have also helped to maintain a consistent agricultural trade
surplus year after year since the 1960s-a remarkable feat in our global
marketplace. Since 2009, USDA has worked to remove hundreds of unfair barriers
to trade; open or expand key markets for products such as beef, dairy, fruits
and vegetables, and more; and led 17 trade and investment missions and attended
23 trade shows, generating billions-of-dollars in sales for U.S. businesses.



 "In order to continue this momentum, we can and should do more to expand global
markets. U.S. farmers are facing unprecedented competition amid a slowing global
economy and appreciating dollar. That's why it is important for Congress to
approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Exports are responsible for 20
percent of U.S. farm income, also driving rural economic activity and supporting
more than one million American jobs on and off the farm. The American Farm
Bureau Federation has found that ratifying the TPP agreement will boost annual
net farm income in the United States by $4.4 billion-an increase which would
directly boost out economic prosperity. As the agriculture sector expands, U.S.
real income will increase by $57.3 billion and sixty-six percent of GDP growth
from TPP would go to American workers through increased wages and job
opportunities.



 "Today's announcement shows the capability of America's agricultural sector to
increase overall growth and prosperity across the country. American agriculture
needs the good deal laid out in the TPP agreement to bolster its position in the
world economy."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2016 Monday

Washington: Statement by Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on How Ag Export Surge
Boosted GDP Growth

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today issued the following statement:



 "Today's report on gross domestic product growth in the third quarter of 2016
brings welcome news for our overall economy, and brings further affirmation that
America's agriculture sector remains a shining star in our nation's ability to
seize export opportunities. Economic growth has increased 2.9 percent in the
third quarter of 2016, a direct result of the gains made in export sales.
Exports reached 10 percent growth in the quarter, the highest since 2013, with
agricultural exports contributing disproportionately to the gains. Although a
strong U.S. dollar and lower commodity prices have created headwinds for
America's farmers and ranchers, this report demonstrates their ability to remain
resilient and to seize opportunities to sell U.S. food, fiber and fuel to
markets around the world.





 "In this Administration alone, agricultural exports have topped $1 trillion
since 2009, far and away the best stretch in our nation's history. Our farmers
and ranchers have also helped to maintain a consistent agricultural trade
surplus year after year since the 1960s-a remarkable feat in our global
marketplace. Since 2009, USDA has worked to remove hundreds of unfair barriers
to trade; open or expand key markets for products such as beef, dairy, fruits
and vegetables, and more; and led 17 trade and investment missions and attended
23 trade shows, generating billions-of-dollars in sales for U.S. businesses.



 "In order to continue this momentum, we can and should do more to expand global
markets. U.S. farmers are facing unprecedented competition amid a slowing global
economy and appreciating dollar. That's why it is important for Congress to
approve the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP). Exports are responsible for 20
percent of U.S. farm income, also driving rural economic activity and supporting
more than one million American jobs on and off the farm. The American Farm
Bureau Federation has found that ratifying the TPP agreement will boost annual
net farm income in the United States by $4.4 billion-an increase which would
directly boost out economic prosperity. As the agriculture sector expands, U.S.
real income will increase by $57.3 billion and sixty-six percent of GDP growth
from TPP would go to American workers through increased wages and job
opportunities.



 "Today's announcement shows the capability of America's agricultural sector to
increase overall growth and prosperity across the country. American agriculture
needs the good deal laid out in the TPP agreement to bolster its position in the
world economy."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Namibian Sun

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Climate change will drive more poverty

LENGTH: 259  words


Climate change will drive more poverty A new report warns that up to 122 million
more people worldwide could be living in extreme poverty by 2030 as a result of
climate change and its impacts on small-scale farmers' incomes.



The report indicates that even in the best and worst case scenarios the impacts
of climate change impacts on Namibia will be very high.

The 2016 State of Food and Agriculture report, published by the Food and
Agriculture Organisation however says that significant improvements in food
security, as well as resilience to climate change can be achieved with the
introduction of sustainable agricultural practices.

According to the report climate change is a major and growing threat to global
food security and it warns that the population living in poverty could increase
by between 35 and 122 million by 2030.

This it says is largely due to the negative impacts that climate change has on
incomes in the agricultural sector. The increase in the number of poor would be
the biggest in sub-Saharan Africa, partly because its population is more reliant
on agriculture.

There is no simple "technological fix", the report warns.

"What is needed is a reorientation of agricultural and rural development
policies that resets incentives and lowers the barriers to the transformation of
food and agricultural systems."

According to the report particular attention should be given to supporting low-
income smallholder farmers in strengthening their capacity to manage risks and
adopt effective climate change adaptation strategies.

ELLANIE SMIT

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1808


                              Copyright 2016 NHM.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

EU Financial Facility to Benefit Small-Scale Farmers [editorial]

LENGTH: 355  words


THE K15 billion European Union (EU) financial facility, which will benefit
87,000 small-scale farmers is an important contribution by the cooperating
partners to improve productivity in the small-scale agriculture sector in the
country.

The fund, which was launched in Lusaka yesterday, would assist small-scale
farmers grow their investment as lack of funds was one of the hindrances for the
people in this category to develop.

Increased income and household food security is certainly a sure panacea to
abject poverty, which has afflicted a large portion of Zambia's population.

The Government has introduced various incentives aimed at addressing food
security and income at household level such as the fertiliser input support
programme (FISP).

But there is still need for supplementary efforts from cooperating partners and
other organisations.

The introduction of this facility by the EU is, therefore, one which should be
implemented with utmost care so that it serves its intended purpose.

It is pleasing that 30 per cent of the beneficiaries will be women-headed
households, as these are the most affected because they have lost bread-winners.

Another important aspect, which is pleasing, is the fact that the fund will be
administered through the Zambia National Farmers Union, reputable
non-governmental organisations, and the private sector in collaboration with the
Ministry of Agriculture and Cooperatives.

This will ensure transparency and accountability in the administration of the
funds.

The Government has emphasised the importance of diversifying from mining to
agriculture and other sectors.

Thus, the support to the agriculture sector is one feat, which will supplement
the Government's effort to improve income and food security.

Once income and food security is improved, vices, which emerge as a result of
poverty, would be eradicated.

As EU head of delegation Derek Fee noted, soaring food prices have hit the
developing World in recent years, negatively affecting household food security.

It is therefore important that other organisations supplement Government's
efforts in improving household food security and income.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             June 30, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Wartman says progress made

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 458  words


While agriculture ministers still haven't reached an agreement around how to
fund disasters, they've made progress on a new policy plan for the industry,
Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman says.

Speaking from the ministers' annual meeting in Whistler, B.C., Wartman told
reporters Friday that more work will be done to define what constitutes a
"small" disaster, in advance of the agriculture ministers' next gathering in
September.

"We maybe will come up with some more thoughtful and creative ways of funding
(agricultural disasters) that will not put a disproportionate load on
Saskatchewan people," Wartman said.

Wartman went into the meeting opposed to a federal proposal that small and
medium disasters be cost-shared in a 60/40 federal/provincial split, as are
other agriculture programs.

That spilt already means Saskatchewan pays more than five times the provincial
per capita average for programs due to the province's large amount of farmland
and small population, and it shouldn't be applied to disaster funding, Wartman
said.

Federal Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl had said the exception to that formula
could be major disasters, which would be decided on a case-by-case basis.
Despite the fact no cost-sharing formula was reached, ministers appeared to be
in agreement after the meeting that more work needed to be done.

"What's important, I think, for producers to know is that we continue to be
committed to the disaster framework," Strahl said.

With the current five-year Agricultural Policy Framework set to expire next
year, ministers agreed in principle to "Growing Forward," which includes a set
of farm safety-net programs. It means farmers will also have some new names to
get used to.

"AgriInvest" refers to the savings accounts for producers, which are to provide
coverage for small income declines and support investments that mitigate risks
or improve market income.

"AgriStability" is the new name for the margin-based income support program.

"AgriInsurance" refers to production insurance, which the federal government has
said will be expanded to include other commodities.

"AgriRecovery" is the name for the new disaster relief framework that ministers
have not yet decided how to cost-share.

Meanwhile, a national farm lobby group hailed the meetings as a productive step
forward for agricultural policy as well as industry-government relations.

"I believe 'Growing Forward' represents a solid foundation for building the next
generation of agriculture policy in Canada," Bob Friesen, president of the
Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said in a statement.

"I know all CFA members are eager to get working with the federal, provincial
and territorial governments as soon as possible to put the meat on the bones."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Mark Wartman ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday
                                Toronto Edition

Farm aid not immediate relief

BYLINE: National Post

SECTION: CANADA; National Report; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 155  words


Calgary Canada's largest farm group is requesting some face time with Federal
Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl to discuss concerns over how the $1.5-billion
allocated to agriculture in Tuesday's budget will flow to producers. The
Canadian Federation of Agriculture said the funding, while significant, provides
no immediate relief to cash-strapped farmers struggling through the worst farm
income crisis in history, a situation that last month saw 10,000 producers swarm
Parliament Hill in protest. The concern is over the government's purported plans
to flow the money through the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization
program, using a method federation president Bob Friesen said gives farmers
nothing solid to take to the bank. "This announcement isn't bankable because
producers aren't going to know for quite some time how much money or whether
they will get any money," Mr. Friesen said. Gina Teel, CanWest News Service

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               ASSOCHAM Bulletin

                                 April 25, 2013

Linking Agriculture with Industry

LENGTH: 482  words


ASSOCHAM organised a Conference on 'Linking Growth Drivers of Food Processing
Industries' on March 8, 2013 at Bengaluru.

Inaugurating the Conference, Mr. Murugesh Nirani, Hon'ble Minister for Large &
Medium Industries, Government of Karnataka said that Karnataka was committed to
give fillip to food processing sector. Mr. Nirani further said that the State
Government had adopted the National Mission on Food processing in true spirit
and the State government would ensure that all required support was extended to
the industry specially small scale entrepreneurs taking up food processing
activity. He described the industry as vital for increasing income of farmers.

Elaborating on the State government's commitment to agriculture sector, Mr.
Nirani said that states' commitment towards agriculture sector was reflected in
the fact that the State government had decided to have a separate Budget for
agriculture. Highlighting the problems being faced by the agriculture sector,
Mr. Nirani said that though the state was faced with serious problem of shortage
of water, the State Government was committed to ensure that agriculture sector
does not suffer at all. For this purpose, emphasis was being laid on efficient
use of water by adopting sprinklers and drip water irrigation.

Welcoming delegates to the Conference, Mr. J Crasta, Co-chairman, ASSOCHAM
Southern Regional Council expressed concern at low level of processing of
agricultural and horticultural produce in the country. He cited examples of
Israel and Japan who were able to achieve tremendous progress in the field of
agriculture despite adverse topography.

Mr. Crasta further said that there was need to link agriculture with industry to
add value to farm produce and enhance income of farmers. He urged greater
synchronization of various schemes of Central and State Governments to give
fillip to food processing sector so as to reduce wastages and increase income of
farmers.

Speaking on the occasion, Dr. I N D Gowda, Principal Scientist, Indian Institute
of Horticultural Research said that it was rather important that processing of
foods was taken up in a big way to ensure that wastage of agricultural produce
was brought down.

Dr. B M Leelavathi, Consultant, National Mission on Food Processing, Directorate
of Agriculture, Government of Karnataka in her address outlined various schemes
offered by the Government to give push to processing of agricultural produce.

The Conference was also addressed by Dr. Tandava Murthy, CEO Centre for
Sustainable Development, Mr. Chetan L Hanchate, CEO, Centre for Processed Foods,
Mr. Ajit parmar, COO, Agri Operations, The Global Green Company Ltd., Mr. Vikram
Bojja, Associate Partner, Husys Consulting Pvt. Ltd. and several experts from
the food processing sector who highlighted various issues concerning food
safety, skills gap, back-end operations and marketing of processed foods.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


              Copyright 2013 ASSOCHAM, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday

CM to make roadmap to double farmers' income

LENGTH: 335 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Feb. 20 -- Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan said on Friday that a
roadmap would be made to double the income of the farmers of the State.

Chouhan after taking meeting of the officers concerned at Mantralay said that
the roadmap to double the income of farmers would be made by 2022.

The nodal department for this would be Farmers Welfare and Agriculture
Development and horticulture and animal husbandry departments would include in
that. A Kamdhenu breeding centre would be developed at Agar, he added.

Chouhan told the officers and his cabinet colleagues present in the meeting that
by 2022 income of the farmers have to be doubled anyhow and instructed them to
take all necessary steps for this.

He said that Madhya Pradesh would remain leading state of the country in the
field of agriculture hence all the ongoing schemes and projects should be
speeded up.

Mudra Health Card is ambitious program of Government of India hence making of
Soil health card under this program should be speeded as we have to grab first
position in the country in this also. Take help of the Agriculture Science
Centers, he added.

The chief minister said that horticulture plays important role in increasing the
income of the farmers. Ensure better implementation of the horticulture schemes
and for that orientation of the field officers of the department should be done,
he added.

Chouhan while instructing the officers of the veterinary department informed
them that the Kamdhenu Breeding Centre would be make at Agar. Work for that
should be started at the earliest.

The chief minister also took stock of the other programs associated with the
agriculture department. He was informed by the department officials that this
year there was target of taking 8 lakh soil samples and till now 4.32 samples
have been tested against that.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

ICMA Pakistan's pre-budget seminar: Industrialists for pro-poor and
investment-friendly budget

BYLINE: KHALID ABBAS SAIF

SECTION: Vol. LI No. 105

LENGTH: 670  words


Industrialists and trade leaders have urged the government to present a
pro-poor, business and investment friendly budget to give impetus to the
economic growth. Addressing first-ever national level pre-budget seminar at a
local hotel, which was arranged by ICMA Pakistan, they recommended that income
tax on agriculture be increased and agriculture income be brought under tax net.

Prominent among those who attended the seminar included Mohammad Ashraf Khan,
Member (Inland Revenue), FBR; Saeed Ahmad, Deputy Governor, SBP; Mian Mohammad
Adrees, President FPCCI; Dr Ishrat Hussain, Former Governor SBP and Director,
IBA Karachi; Dr Ikramul Haq; renowned tax expert; Mohammad Farid Alam, CEO AKD
Securities; Engineer Rizwan Ashraf, President Faisalabad Chamber of Commerce and
Industry; Sohail Pasha, Chairman Pakistan Textile Exporters' Association (PTEA);
Mian Zahid Anwar, Chairman, Pakistan Agriculture  and  Dairy Farmers Association
and Rana Naseer Ahmad, Chairman, Pakistan Sports Goods Manufacturers and
Exporters Association (PSGMEA).

FPCCI President Mohammad Adrees was guest of honour at the inaugural session.
Mohammad Iqbal Ghori, Vice President ICMA Pakistan presented the welcome
address.

Mian Zahid Anwar made a presentation. In his concluding remarks, Mohammad Adrees
said that the country was passing through tough and difficult time and hinted
that budget may not have big changes or bring big relief. He recommended that
income tax on agriculture be increased and agriculture income be brought under
tax net. He suggested that a single "Business Registration Authority' be
established to maintain complete database of business entities.

There were three technical sessions in which papers were presented by different
speakers. The first technical session was presided over by Mohammad Ashraf Khan

Sohail Pasha, Chairman PTEA while addressing the session emphasised the need for
redressing refund problem of textile exporters for which he suggested that RPOs
be declared a negotiable instrument by government so that it could be discounted
and negotiated with banks to ease working capital of exporters. He identified
several areas where the government could utilise professional services of
management accountants for economic development of the country.

Saeed Ahmed, Deputy Governor SBP presided the second technical session in which
presentations were made by Engr. Rizwan Ashraf, President FCCI and Mohammad
Farid Alam. The concluding session was presided over by Dr Ishrat Hussain,
former Governor SBP. Kashif Mateen Ansari, President ICMA Pakistan, in his
presentation briefly outlined the main recommendations of the Institute as
published in the booklet for submitting to the government. He observed that
dharnas and protests, terrorism, poverty, power, gas and water shortages,
inflation and natural disasters have all collectively negatively impacted the
national economic growth. He pointed towards energy crisis; budget deficit;
negative balance of payment; low level of savings; high government spending;
large undocumented sector; ineffective governance; inconsistence government
polices and deteriorating law and order situation as main hurdles in the way of
sustained economic growth. He further noted that high cost of doing business;
corruption; tax evasion and adulteration; low quality of products and services;
less economies of scale; lack of systems and procedures; lack of R and D;
ineffective utilisation of resources; investment insecurity etc have retarded
the growth of the corporate sector in Pakistan. He emphasised that the
government should not put additional tax burden on exiting taxpayers, especially
corporate sector. He was of the view that the role of professional institutes
like ICMAP be enhanced by the government to provide professional backbone for
the processes of good governance, audit and review.

Dr Ikramul Haq also made a detailed presentation on taxation in which he
underlined the need for restructuring the FBR and plugging the loopholes in tax
machinery.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                December 1, 2000

Farming incomes show fall of 27%

SECTION: Agency: AGENCY, Pg.8

LENGTH: 538 words


THE Westcountry's farmers will see their incomes fall by more than a quarter by
the end of this financial year, provisional figures released by the Ministry of
Agriculture revealed yesterday.

In the wake of the BSE crisis, farmers' earnings have now fallen by 72 per cent
in five years.

The figures indicate that profits plus income to farmers, partners, directors
and those with an entrepreneurial interest in the business have plummeted by 27
per cent in the last 12 months.

The Government is blaming the latest fall on pressure on prices caused by a
further rise in sterling against the euro.

Some of the worst affected have been the milk and cereal sectors.

Increased costs for fuel and fertilisers have also contributed to the fall in
incomes, while recent floods caused problems for many farmers.

Agriculture Minister Nick Brown said a number of measures were already in place
to reverse the worrying trend, including a GBP 500 million Action Plan for
Farming, and the England Rural Development Programme, which will invest GBP 1.6
billion in the rural economy over seven years.

He said: "The further drop forecast for 2000 was foreseen in March and reflects
the continuing strength of the pound as well as other factors. However I welcome
the increase in incomes forecast for less favoured areas in 2000-01.

"The Government understands the gravity of the situation and is committed to
ensuring that the agriculture industry emerges stronger from this crisis.

"Our commitment was illustrated last December when I announced the Government's
long-term strategy for agriculture, which aims to secure a more competitive and
sustainable industry, with a stronger market orientation.

"For the past year we have been working in partnership with the farming, food
and retail industries to deliver the strategy, and have made significant
achievements."

MAFF said it would reveal more detailed information about the state of UK
farming next March.

Anthony Gibson, regional director of the South West National Farmers' Union,
said the Westcountry was hit doubly hard because farming was twice as important
to the region's economy as elsewhere in England.

"These figures confirm what farmers already know only too well n that 2000 has
been a year in which whatever could go wrong, has gone wrong," he said.

"In the South West, we have been hit particularly hard by a sharp fall in the
price of milk paid to farmers, and cereal growers have endured a difficult,
expensive harvest with less to show for their efforts than they were getting
quarter of a century ago. Sheep prices have been marginally better but the
recent steep fall in the British beef price, caused, quite unjustifiably, by the
BSE scare on the Continent, has hit the South West's grassland livestock sector
very indeed."

MAFF delays in paying beef and cereal farmers their Annual Support Payment by
two months has also done little to alleviate the situation. The delays have been
blamed on the Ministry's computer system. Beef farmer David Hill of Beaworthy,
near Hatherleigh, said he was still waiting for his GBP 9,000 cheque, a
situation which couldn't have been at a worse time. "There is no way a farmer
can make that hole up," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 19, 2006 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Will farmers pick a bushel or a peck?

BYLINE: By Repps Hudson St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Pg. X29

LENGTH: 222 words


As always in farming, predicting the future is a matter of educated guesswork.

The most obvious factor that will affect farm income is the jump in the price of
crude oil, which affects the cost of fertilizer and fuel. And farmers aren't
expected to be able to pass those costs along to consumers.

A second factor overshadowing farming this year is the carryover of corn and
soybeans from last fall's harvest, the second-largest in the history of U.S.
agriculture. The Agriculture Department has estimated the nationwide corn
carryover at 2.4 billion bushels, the largest in nearly 20 years, while the
soybean carryover is 178 million bushels.

Farmers are adjusting.

The Agriculture Department estimates that corn production this year will be 80.5
million acres, down 1.3 million acres.

However, the crop of soybeans, which is less expensive to grow, is expected to
be 74 million acres, up 1.9 million acres.

A third factor that will influence farmers' management skills is rising interest
rates.

Dale Lattz, an agriculture economist with the University of Illinois Extension,
says farmers will need average-or-better yields of corn and soybeans to ensure
adequate income. If market prices drop below farm price supports,
loan-deficiency payments will cover their costs.

"But if you don't have the bushels to sell, you won't do well," Lattz said.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  AGRICULTURE ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH ANNUAL REPORT 2006 The state of
business in the region

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            October 8, 2015 Thursday

Forest income in Budget talks

SECTION: SUPPLEMENTS

LENGTH: 294 words


Agriculture Minister Simon Coveney has said income tax rules are leading to
piecemeal harvesting of trees, and he confirmed he is asking the Department of
Finance to make a commitment on income averaging.

If there is no income averaging for people in forestry, they will cut a certain
amount of trees up until the threshold where taxation kicks in,  he told last
week s Agriculture Committee discussion on his Department s expenditure
estimates for 2015.

They will harvest maybe 70 acres of trees, but leave the rest of the plantation,
so that we have piecemeal harvesting of trees as opposed to being able to clean
out 200 or 300 acres, if it makes sense to do that in one year, and averaging
the income over four or five years to take into account the taxation treatment.
There is real frustration in the forestry sector on this issue.

IFA Farm Forestry Chairman Michael Fleming has said the High Income Earner
Restriction (HIER) is unfairly discriminating against farmers with forestry, who
are not high earners, but realise most of their income from the forest at the
end of the long growing cycle.

In the upcoming budget, I am asking the Government to allow forestry income to
be declared over a number of taxable years.

"Forest income from clearfell is a once off payment at the end of up to 40 years
timber growth, and should not be treated the same as other income that falls
within HIER.

He said HIER is negatively impacting on timber production, and leading to
inefficiencies in the supply chain, as farmers choose to stagger harvesting
operations to avoid the higher earner threshold.

Meanwhile, spreading the tax-free status of forestry income over a number of
years is one of the commitments in Fianna Fáil s recently published agri-food
policy document.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           December 2, 2000, Saturday

MINISTER DISAPPOINTED OVER FARMING INCOMES FORECAST

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 173 words


THE Government has expressed its disappointment that farm incomes are set to
plummet even further this year.

Britain's beleaguered farmers face an income drop of 27 per cent compared to

1999, Agriculture Minister Nick Brown revealed in the House of Commons.

In a Parliamentary written reply to Labour's Ben Chapman (Wirral S), he said: "I
am disappointed to announce to the House that predictions for farm incomes for
this year suggest a further significant fall of 27 per cent by comparison with
1999.

"The Government remains committed to helping farmers through these difficult
times.

"This commitment is underpinned by a comprehensive range of initiatives
including reform of the Common Agricultural Policy, significant increases in
expenditure on rural development and agri-environment schemes, new measures to
reduce the burden of regulation on farming, promotion of increased co-operation
and collaboration across the food supply chain and targeted financial support to
the sectors in greatest difficulty."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nick Brown

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Congressional Farm Bill is a disgrace

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 961 words


Monday August 5, 2013

There were times in the past when farmers needed the government's protection.
There may even be a limited need for it today, despite the good times many in
agriculture have enjoyed in recent years. However, nothing can justify the
travesty that Congress has offered the taxpayer in its new five-year plan for
agriculture.

Lawmakers largely voted along party lines (only 12 Republicans voted no along
with all of the Democrats) for the bill that dropped food stamps from the farm
bill. That left "austerity-minded" Republicans to approve a new spending program
that will cost taxpayers $195.6 billion over the next 10 years. But, hey, says
the Tea Party, we're saving you close to $800 billion by cutting out food
stamps, right?

That vote should come as no surprise since the GOP body, in my opinion, is
simply taking care of its own. You see, 24 Republicans sit on the House
Agriculture Committee, which oversees this country's runaway farm welfare
program. Total government farm payments to the districts of those 24
congressional reps come to more than $1 billion/year.

However, unlike the 46 million Americans that receive food stamps (who are
earning less than $32,000 annually), the benefits of the congressional farm bill
(around 80 percent of the money) accrue to a group of people with incomes way
above the national average. As an example, net farm income is expected to reach
$128 billion this year. That's the highest level in real terms since 1973. And
while 12 million Americans endure unemployment, farm income overall exceeded
$92.5 billion in 2010, a 34 percent increase from the year before.

Don't get me wrong. I am not talking about the small farm homestead you drive by
on your way home. Although they make up almost 90 percent of the farm
population, the median farm operator household consistently has a net loss from
farming activities.

"Most farm income is concentrated in households associated with commercial
farms, which represent 10.3 percent of the farm population," according to the
U.S. Department of Agriculture.

However, that same 10 percent representing large farms and agricultural
cooperatives have been getting 73 percent of all government subsidies for
decades. That has amounted to billions of dollars in direct payments. Commodity
farmers, for example, who grow corn, soy, wheat or cotton, are given $5
billion/year, whether they actually grow those crops or not.

Don't be fooled when Congress claims they are reforming agriculture by
eliminating the direct payments program, which they created back in 1996. The
politicians are simply replacing that program with a $9 billion expansion in
crop insurance. They argue that since farming is a risky business, the taxpayer
should pick up 62 cents of every dollar the farmer pays to insurance companies
to safeguard against crop failure due to droughts or floods. But, today more
than half of the insurance policies taken out in that sector are revenue
insurance (guaranteeing big farms a minimum price) rather than weather risks.

To make matters worse, there are no caps on how much farmers can receive from
this insurance subsidy program. Today, crop prices are close to their historical
highs. Big commercial farmers can basically lock in those high prices by taking
out this insurance, effectively hedging against a price decline in their crop
and we the taxpayer get to pay for it in high prices for our food and paying the
majority of insurance premiums.

The government's system of agricultural price supports makes no sense at all.
Take sugar, as an example. Sugar is 50 percent higher than anywhere else in the
world because our government sets a minimum price for that commodity. In order
to maintain that price the USDA may have to buy upwards of 400,000 tons of
sugar, costing you and me $80 million in taxpayer dollars just to keep the price
of sugar artificially inflated.

So why is it, you may ask, that milk prices would actually spike higher if
subsidies on that product were removed? The problem is not in the price of milk,
it is in the costs to produce it. The climbing costs of feed in recent years
(feed prices are kept artificially high by our farm program) make producing milk
a losing proposition. If it were not for the fact the government subsidizes
dairy farmers, farmers would be forced to jack up the price of milk to as much
as $6/gallon in some states.

Our farm bill is archaic. It has all the waste and inefficiencies that marked
the Soviet-era central planning debacle that ultimately destroyed the
agricultural sector in Russia. It is therefore interesting to note that the
party that professes to abhor socialism, government interference in the private
sector (food stamps, etc.) and additional spending has done a complete about
face when it comes to the high-powered lobbying of a handful of corporations and
their own self-interests.

Bill Schmick is registered as an investment advisor representative and portfolio
manager with Berkshire Money Management (BMM), managing over $200 million for
investors in the Berkshires. Bill's forecasts and opinions are purely his own
and do not necessarily represent the views of BMM. None of his commentary is or
should be considered investment advice. Anyone seeking individualized investment
advice should contact a qualified investment adviser. None of the information
presented in this article is intended to be and should not be construed as an
endorsement of BMM or a solicitation to become a client of BMM. The reader
should not assume that any strategies, or specific investments discussed are
employed, bought, sold or held by BMM. Direct your inquiries to Bill at
1-888-232-6072 (toll free) or e-mail him atBill@afewdollarsmore.com
Visitwww.afewdollarsmore.com for more of Bill's insights.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday

How normal monsoon could impact agriculture, inflation, income & storage

BYLINE: Mishita Mehra

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 863 words


Last week, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) released its first annual
monsoon forecast for June-September. Monsoons are likely to be normal with the
probability of deficient or excessive monsoons being relatively low, according
to IMD. If this prediction comes true, what does this really mean for India's
economy?

Impact on agricultural output:

The first and most important impact is, of course, on agricultural production,
especially in the kharif or summer season. "This is because about 55% of cropped
area is dependent on monsoon rains and does not have irrigation support," says
Chetan Ahya, MD, Morgan Stanley Research.

While the impact on summer crops may be more direct, there is also an indirect
impact on rabi (winter) crops like wheat and oilseeds. "Rainfall during
June-September season impacts ground water and reservoir levels and is also
critical for irrigation of rabi crops," says Ramesh Chand, director, National
Centre for Agricultural Economics and Policy (NCAP).

Variations across time and space:

However, the impact of rainfall on agricultural production also varies depending
on how rainfall is distributed across states and the distribution over the
months. For instance, despite good monsoons in 2011-12, production of oilseeds,
pulses and coarse cereals was low as the spread of rainfall in the western belt
was affected, points out Ashok Gulati, chairman, Commission for Agricultural
Costs and Prices (CACP).

"To assess the impact of monsoons on crop output, one has to look at rainfall in
each zone and the cropping pattern there," he adds. The great drought of 2009
points to another case where food grain production actually marginally increased
compared to the 2003 drought when food grain production declined by 17%.

This was because the 2009 drought was concentrated in areas around Punjab and
western UP and crop output here wasn't as affected as these are heavily
irrigated regions. There could also be below normal rainfall in the initial
months of the season followed by above normal monsoons in the last two months. A
delayed monsoon may lead to delayed sowing, thereby impacting yields.

Impact on inflation:

With agriculture contributing to 17% of India's GDP and providing employment to
58% of the population, any impact of monsoons on agricultural growth would feed
into prices, incomes and GDP growth. Food inflation was already around 10% in
March.

A recent Barclays report by Siddhartha Sanyal says that "apart from one spike in
January 2011 (mainly due to vegetable prices), normal rainfall tends to have a
moderating effect on agriculture prices". The report also says that due to two
largely regular monsoon seasons in the past two years, certain agriculture
products like cereal and cotton have seen relatively lower inflation after the
2009 drought.

According to assessments of crop production released by the agriculture ministry
earlier this year, India is estimated to have witnessed a record production of
rice, wheat and cotton in 2011-12 and experts say a favourable monsoon in 2012
would ensure that the prices of these would remain stable or go down.

But a normal monsoon is not the only factor. "Food inflation is due to articles
like vegetable, fruits and milk which depend on the demand side of the economy
and monsoons have a much lower impact on these," says YK Alagh, an agriculture
expert. And government policy plays a big part too. If the government accepts
the CACP recommendations of an increase in the minimum price to be paid to
farmers, prices could be pushed higher as well.

Impact on income:

Economists say the relationship between monsoons and rural incomes is tenuous at
best and the impact on income varies from crop to crop. For instance according
to NCAP's Chand, in years of good monsoons, farmers tend to shift towards
production of high-income crops like rice and wheat from low-income crops like
coarse cereals so there is definitely some income effect.

And a good monsoon, translated into higher agricultural and rural incomes would
potentially keep consumer spending robust. For instance, according to sources in
Hyderabad, even in a small taluk HQ in a backward mandal, dealers in John Deere
equipment expect sales to pick up if the monsoons are good.

But an overproduction of crops can lead to a glut in prices like in the case of
potatoes last year. Also, costs of production have been growing at around 15%
p.a. For instance, fertiliser costs have doubled in 2011-12 and labour costs
have gone up by 75% in the past three years so even if normal monsoons and
higher minimum support prices lead to higher farm incomes, the profit margins
needn't be dramatically higher, points out Gulati. So for now the impact on
income and consumption are a conjecture at best.

Impact on storage:

With already record production of food grain estimated last year, normal
monsoons could put further pressure on storage, especially of food grain.
"Storage is already in a crisis situation. By June 1, 2012, there will be 75
million tonnes of food grain stocks while the total storage capacity is less
than 50 million. The rest are more or less exposed to rain damage," says Gulati.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                 March 02, 2016

Eastern Province Farmers Upbeat Ahead of Harvest Season

BYLINE: Stephen Rwembeho

LENGTH: 495 words


Agronomists in different parts of the Eastern Province are predicting high maize
and rice production this season.

In separate interviews, on Monday, the agriculture officials said their
projections are based on high quality seeds which were supplied to farmers,
training and improved drainage system which has prevented flooding in rice
fields.

Innocent Ukiziru, agriculture officer in charge of Rwamagana District said
farmers across all districts in the province made significant effort towards
increasing maize production.

"We achieved 91 per cent of our target last season, but we expect to go beyond
this figure after harvest. The trend is unbelievable. Remember this is a crop
farmers were hesitant to grow at first," he said.

Ukiziru added that farmers had been trained in the operation and maintenance of
the rice fields, with the objective of increasing their yields.

"We expect huge maize production this season...farmers have fully embraced
modern agriculture methods of rice production. It has also contributed to
improved livelihoods and lifestyles, it is motivating in itself," he said.

Ukizuru noted that the farmers' main constraints to increased maize productivity
were addressed.

"We availed high quality seeds and fertilisers to all farmers in time this
season."

Gerald Muzungu, the mayor of Kirehe District, said rice farming has provided
incomes and employment to many residents in the district and enhanced nutrition
levels.

Being essentially an agro-based economy, however, Rwanda is highly vulnerable to
the impacts of climate change.

Like other staple foods, therefore, rice production depends on rains which make
it vulnerable.

"Our concern remains over dependence on rain...we are lucky that we have been
having reliable rains lately, but in some seasons the story was different.
Rain-fed agriculture is indeed a big challenge, particularly with the climate
change," Muzungu said.

Claudine Domitira, 46, a rice farmer, noted that rice provided enough income to
farmers compared to other crops.

"Rice growing is demanding - being labour intensive activity - but the
motivation lies in its ability to pay farmers.

There is significant evidence that lives are changing positively at the village
level," he said.

Mayor of Gatsibo District, Richard Gasana said this season, maize production is
expected to more than double.

Plans are in place to mobilise farmers to sell their produce in farmers'
associations and at international markets, he said.

He said farmers' proper use of fertilisers and reliable rainfall was key to the
improved production.

"The district procured and availed agro processing equipments to farmers like
maize mills, rice hurlers and an irrigation system.

"We are using agriculture to increase household incomes and enable each
household to earn enough money. Many rice and maize farmers have turned into
millionaires," he said.

Agriculture in Rwanda accounts for a third of Rwanda's GDP and remains the main
rural households' source of income.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sligo Champion

                                October 6, 2015
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

SLIGOFARMING;
MINISTER MUST PASS BACK SAVINGS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 73

LENGTH: 578 words


DESPITE reducing levels of TB and resultant savings for the Department of
Agriculture, the costs associated with TB Eradication Scheme control measures
have not been reduced for farmers. This is unacceptable and must be addressed in
Budget 2016, IFA Animal Health Chairman Bert Stewart has insisted.

He said "Significant progress continues to be made in reducing the levels of TB
nationally, resulting in substantial savings for the Department of Agriculture
in the TB Eradication scheme. However, for the farmers who experience TB
restrictions and breakdowns on their farms, the costs and losses associated with
the control measures have not reduced and have, in some instances, increased.
This is an unacceptable situation which must be addressed by the Minister for
Agriculture Simon Coveney as a matter of urgency in the upcoming Budget through
increased funding for the programme."

The Budget allocation for the TB Eradication Scheme has been reduced from in
excess of (EURO)60m annually to (EURO)35m last year, which includes (EURO)12
-14m in EU funding and (EURO)5m in farmers' disease levy contribution, combined
with the savings form the discontinuation of Brucellosis testing this year.
These savings must be used to reduce the enormous and unacceptable cost burden
the Department continues to impose on farmers through the TB Eradication
Programme, Bert Stewart said. IFA has made detailed submissions to the
Department of Agriculture highlighting the changes necessary in order to reduce
the cost burden of the disease for farmers and their families. The Minister for
Agriculture must act on this issue and return to farmers the substantial savings
that have accrued within his Department in order to alleviate the unsustainable
costs and trauma farmers and their families are forced to endure under the
programme. The IFA submissions include: Income Supplement and Depopulation Grant
Currently, income supplement is payable only where over 10% of animals are
removed from a herd and only on a maximum of 100 animals. It is indisputable
that income loss is experienced for each animal removed from a holding;
therefore IFA is seeking payment on all animals removed as TB reactors until it
is possible for the herdowner to replace them from the marketplace.

Analysis of the Teagasc National Farm Survey (NFS) shows the actual losses for
each category of animal lost as a TB reactor on a monthly basis. Current income
supplement and depopulation grant rates are in no way comparable to the actual
income foregone. IFA is seeking payment of both income supplement and
depopulation grants at the actual level of income foregone based on the NFS
information.

Live Valuation It is imperative the live valuation scheme returns to farmers the
market value animals being removed from the farm as TB reactors would attain if
offered for sale on the open market. Changes sought by IFA include the removal
of the ceiling in the Live Valuation Scheme and the restoration of the
independence of the live valuers.

Hardship Grant Hardship grant must be available to all herdowners who are forced
to maintain extra animals because of a TB restriction, payable at monthly rates
comparable to the actual maintenance costs of the animals. For dairy farmers
with dairy bull calves, the Department of Agriculture must provide a facility to
alleviate the problems caused when the sale of these animals is prohibited from
the holding.

Prohibition on Purchasing in to Restricted holdings

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SGC


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 1, 1987, Wednesday

EC BEATS OUT US IN FARM EXPORTS

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: EXPORTS, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 365 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The European Community with relative suddenness has replaced the United States
as the world's leading exporter of farm products, wiping out a 2-to-1 lead
enjoyed by U.S. farmers only a decade ago.

A new analysis by the U.S. Department of Agriculture cited monetary policy,
exchange rates and the expansion of the European trading bloc from 10 countries
o 12 as key factors in this shift.

"EC exports, buoyed initially by exchange rates that made EC products relatively
less expensive, started to rebound as the dollar neared its peak value during
1984 and 1985. As the dollar weakened and world prices fell, export subsidies
have permitted increased EC export sales at prices far below internal support
levels," the report said.

The report, "A Comparison of Agriculture in the United States and the European
Community," was prepared by the department's Economic Research Service.
Officials said it is designed to help policy-makers as they explore options for
protecting farm incomes on both sides of the Atlantic while cutting back on
price and income supports.

The report said the 12 EC nations exported $ 28.1 billion worth of farm
commodities last year, compared with $ 26.1 billion for the United States.

Other comparisons cited by the report a re:

* Average sizes of U.S. farms are 438 acres, compared with 42 acres in Europe.

* Dairy, livestock and grains account for the bulk of EC farm production,
although fruits, vegetables and oilseeds are becoming more important.

* Beef and veal production is more important to U.S. livestock producers, while
dairy is more important in Europe. Coarse grains such as corn make up a larger
share of U.S. production, while wheat is more important to the European farmer.

* Agricultural price supports in the EC are "paid for through high consumer
prices as well as government payments to store surpluses and subsidize exports
and processing." Producers are protected from international competitors by a
variable levy, a system of import taxes.

* In the United States, farmers get "deficiency" payments or subsidies to
support incomes, meaning that consumer prices are held down from what they
otherwise might be.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

Dear farmers: Achhe din are coming;
Farmers may rejoice. The government has finally acknowledged that farmers are
part of India, that the farm sector faces acute distress, and that farmers need
a helping hand.

BYLINE: P Chidambaram

LENGTH: 916  words


Farmers may rejoice. The government has finally acknowledged that farmers are
part of India, that the farm sector faces acute distress, and that farmers need
a helping hand.

Farmers may rejoice. The government has finally acknowledged that farmers are
part of India, that the farm sector faces acute distress, and that farmers need
a helping hand. That is something which many commentators-especially Mr Ashok
Gulati-have been saying for many months.

Farmers had taken note of the BJP
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/bharatiya-janata-party/)'s failure to keep
its election promise of offering a Minimum Support Price (MSP) of cost + 50%. I
had pointed out that the increases in MSP in 2015-16 were paltry. Members of
Parliament were aghast when Prime Minister Modi declared his contempt for
MGNREGA that, according to him, was "a monument to the failure of the Congress
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/congress/) governments". Critics warned the
government that the allocation to MGNREGA was inadequate. Surveys show that farm
wages have risen only marginally in 2015-16 adding to the distress.

While the Prime Minister spoke often, and eloquently, on FDI, Make in India
(http://www.financialexpress.com/tag/make-in-india/), and ease of doing
business, he paid scant attention to the agriculture sector, leaving it,
presumably, to the minister of agriculture. The latter, however, was neither
seen nor heard and, after nearly 21 months in office, remains largely unknown.
(He could take a few lessons from the minister of human resource development who
has acquired a cult status among the 'nationalists and patriots', if not among
the students and teachers.)

As a result, the label of 'suit-boot ki sarkar' stuck, and something had to be
done. I suspect that is how the idea of a 'pro-farmer, pro-rural India budget'
was born. Whatever be the motivation, I welcome the government's move to address
the problems of the agricultural sector.

Let's do the math

It was brave on the part of the finance minister to reiterate the Prime
Minister's declared goal of 'doubling the income of farmers by 2022'. The
budget, we were told, was the first step in this regard. So, what did the budget
do?

Let's do the math. Doubling income in six years will mean that the average
annual growth rate of farmers' income should be around 12%. Is that possible in
a country where 66% of all agricultural land is monsoon-dependent and does not
have assured irrigation? Besides, in 2014-15 and 2015-16, the agriculture sector
grew at the rate of minus 0.2% and 1.1%, respectively. It is difficult to
imagine that the sectoral growth rate will jump to anything close to 12% or
farmers' income will grow at 12% per year.

Agricultural income is based on two factors-productivity and price. No one has
claimed that there are measures underway to dramatically increase productivity
in growing paddy, wheat, sugarcane or pulses in the next six years. Productivity
gains in select areas or crops may add about 3% to the farmer's income. That
leaves price. Will the government increase the MSP for these crops by 12% a
year? There is no clear answer in the budget speech or in the allocations.

Rabbit out of the hat

In the speech there is one possible answer: the total allocation for agriculture
and farmers' welfare. It is an impressive jump from Rs 15,809 crore in 2015-16
(RE) to Rs 35,984 crore (BE). How did the government manage to pull this rabbit
out of the hat? By the simple expedient of shifting the allocation for 'interest
subsidy for short-term credit to farmers' from the Department of Financial
Services to the Department of Agriculture, Cooperation and Farmers' Welfare!
Minus this shift, the allocations read as follows under the NDA government:

2014-15: Rs 19,255 crore

2015-16 (RE): Rs 15,809 crore

2016-17 (BE): Rs 20,984 crore

Nothing dramatic; the allocation that was cut in 2015-16 has been restored to
the level of 2014-15. Allowing for inflation over two years, in real terms, the
allocation may be actually less.

The singular idea trotted out as 'path breaking' was the Prime Minister's Fasal
Bima Yojana for which an allocation of R5,500 crore has been made. The budget
documents themselves say that the scheme is basically "the National Crop
Insurance Scheme which includes existing" schemes. Each of the old schemes was
an attempt to make crop insurance better targeted and more effective. It is
possible that the Fasal Bima Yojana that rolls all the old schemes into one will
be more beneficial to the farmers. I sincerely hope so, but I must say that no
new paths have been broken yet.

Non-farm income

The way to improve the farmer's income is to improve his non-farm income. Most
farmers have no reliable non-farm income except casual manual labour. Non-farm
income for a family will be available only if there are jobs outside the farm.
Such jobs can be created through public works like road-building, irrigation
works and watershed programmes, but they will not be enough. More can be done
only through private investments in small, medium and large industries and in
the services sector. Such investments have been lacking in the last two years
adding to the distress caused by drought or drought-like conditions in the last
three years.

The goal of doubling the income of farmers by 2022 is indeed laudable. Farmers
must, however, demand that the government should present a concrete plan to
achieve that goal. Otherwise, it will be another chunavi jumla.

Website: pchidambaram.in

@Pchidambaram_IN

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Hells Canyon Journal

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 2, 2009

Oregon Net Farm Income Held Steady in 2008

BYLINE: Hells Canyon Journal staff

LENGTH: 968  words


Very little change took place last year in Oregon's overall net farm income, but
what could have been a great 2008 bottom line for farmers and ranchers was
negated by a rapid increase in expenses. A newly released economic snapshot of
Oregon agriculture shows net farm income at $861 million in 2008 - a one-tenth
of one percent decrease from the previous year and a 12 percent drop from the
five-year average. The latest numbers continue the downward trend of net farm
income in Oregon since 2003's record high of $1.14 billion. "Just as everything
seems to cost substantially more to the rest of us, Oregon agricultural
producers are having to pay much more for all the things that go into running an
operation," said Katy Coba, director of the Oregon Department of Agriculture.

"The positive news is our farmers and ranchers enjoyed strong prices for the
most part and were able to maintain good production. That softened the blow of
higher expenses in 2008. However, I'm concerned that when the 2009 net farm
income numbers come out next year, we'll realize how challenging the current
conditions truly are." Net farm income is the amount retained by agricultural
producers after paying all business-related expenses. It is considered an
important indicator of the agricultural economy's overall health. The number
does not account for payments on land purchases, family living expenses, or
family health insurance. Statistics provided by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Economic Research Service (ERS) show net farm income has trended
down the past couple of years. Net farm income bottomed out in 1983 at $283
million, then peaked in 1992 at $681 million and in 1997 at $672 million. Times
were tough once again in 2000 ($407 million) and 2001 ($433 million) before the
number more than doubled in 2003, pushing over the one billion dollar mark for
the first time in 2004. By 2007, net farm income in Oregon began to drop back
down, as farm expenses have taken a bigger bite out of a healthy production
value.

"What we are seeing is that the cost of doing business for farmers and ranchers
is now outpacing the sales generated, which translates into a flat bottom line
from last year and a decrease over the five-year average," says ODA analyst
Brent Searle. "Overall, the value of production was up five percent from the
previous year, but what operators have to pay to produce their crops and
livestock was up seven percent last year and 26 percent over the five-year
average."

The value of Oregon crop production in 2008 reached $3.2 billion -- an increase
of 7.7 percent, while the value of Oregon livestock production was $1.02 billion
- a decrease of just 1.2 percent. Grain crops especially did well because of
high commodity prices and record exports. Livestock sales were actually up
because of herd liquidation due to higher feed costs and other inputs, but the
overall value of production was flat because of the decreased inventory (number
of animals) in both beef and dairy cattle.

Oil crops, in particular, did extremely well last year-doubling in value to more
than $2 million as interest in renewable fuels continues in Oregon.

Nearly all expense categories showed increases in 2008 and significant jumps
from the five-year average. The cost of fertilizers increased nearly 30 percent
and has risen almost 70 percent above the five-year average. Pesticide costs
rose 17 percent last year and are up more than 25 percent over the five-year
average. The same kind of price hikes all Oregonians have seen for petroleum and
electricity impacted agriculture with increases over the five-year average of 53
percent and 35 percent, respectively.

Labor, however, is by far the greatest cost incurred by agricultural producers.

"Employment wages continue to be the biggest cost for farmers and now totals
over a billion dollars for the first time," says Searle. "That's up more than
three percent from the prior year and represents more than 40 percent of the
total input costs paid by growers."

The 2008 net farm income for Oregon's neighbors show a mixed bag of results.
Washington increased 3.7 percent and Idaho increased 1.4 percent over the
previous year. But California recorded a whopping 29 percent decrease in last
year's net farm income. The national average rose 23 percent in 2008, after
three years of decline, to a level nearly identical to 2004.

It will be late summer of 2010 before this year's balance sheet is finalized.
But with more than half of 2009 already completed, the early forecast portends a
more sizable drop in net farm income. "Prices in 2009 are collapsing for many
key commodities such as grass seed, nursery stock, milk, and blueberries," says
Searle. "We know from past experience that expenses do not decline as fast as
income. So we will see a squeeze in 2009. Depending on what they produce,
farmers and ranchers may face intense pressure to their bottom line."

A tough economy may bring about some industry changes. Searle would not be
surprised to see more grains and vegetables planted in the Willamette Valley,
for instance, as grass seed growers reduce the amount of acres planted. Those
kinds of transitions are not necessarily bad in a state like Oregon.

"Our diversity may be a strength as farmers look at opportunities in such areas
as renewable resources and conservation programs," says Searle. "Technology is
increasingly important, both in terms of mechanical applications and crop
technologies. Our producers continue to look closely at the bottom line and
scrutinize their operations for ways to become more efficient and cost
effective. Challenges can create opportunities."

Net farm income is just one of several economic indicators of agriculture's
health, but it continues to be a good gauge of how farmers' and ranchers'
pocketbooks are feeling.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HEL

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Hells Canyon Journal


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                               September 20, 2012

As Nigeria's Stunted Devt Takes Centre Stage

BYLINE: Tunde Sanni

LENGTH: 1508 words


Tunde Sanni writes on the 2012 Founder's Day of the Development Policy Centre
(DPC), Ibadan, where experts took governments to task on the Millennium
Development Goals (MDGs) and the banishment of poverty in the country

Various experts who gathered at the 2012 Founder's Day of the Development Policy
Centre (DPC), Ibadan, Oyo State, have expressed worry concerning the stunted
development growth of the nation.

They blamed the current scenario on the failure of successive governments to
harness the human and physical potentials of the country, and expressed concern
that oil has continued to be heavily relied on to salvage the country from her
numerous problems.

A don from the University of Ibadan, Prof. Tunji Titilola, who spoke at the
event, quoted the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS).

He remarked that despite oil's revenue dominance, agriculture plays a
significant role in the nation's economy, accounting for 34.5 per cent of the
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the first quarter of 2012.

Titilola stated that sustainable expansion of agriculture should play a key role
in unleashing inclusive economic growth, reducing poverty and enhancing food
security. According to him, agriculture's relevance to poverty reduction goes
far beyond its direct impact on farmers' incomes.

He said that there was evidence that increasing agricultural productivity has
benefitted millions through higher incomes, more plentiful and cheaper food and
by generating patterns of development that are employment-intensive and benefit
both rural and urban areas.

The don added that agriculture has provided the spur to economic development
outside agriculture where growth and job creation are faster and wage higher.

"Rapid increases in agricultural output, brought about by increasing land and
labour productivity, have made food cheaper, benefitting both the urban and the
rural poor who spend most of their income on food", he added.

Titilola, who spoke on some key issues in economic growth and development nexus
in Nigeria: Is high GDP enough?, reminded the gathering that majority of poor
people live in the rural areas on less than $2 a day and must depend on
agriculture.

"Given where they live and what they do, promoting agriculture is imperative for
meeting the MDG of halving poverty and hunger by 2015", the don said.

He admitted that poverty was overwhelmingly a rural problem, pointing out that
it was so, while its enduring index was the failure of agriculture to deliver
livelihood for the large proportion of the people who depend on it.

Titilola declared that agriculture growth can reduce poverty directly, by
raising farm income and indirectly through labour market and by reducing food
prices.

"Increased farm productivity increases farm income and participation of small
holders in this agricultural growth will obviously benefit them. Agricultural
growth also reduces poverty via labor market because agricultural growth is
capable of creating employment opportunities for the poor", he said.

He added that the ability to increase non-traceable staple foods would reduce
domestic food prices, especially to the poor, in addition to the urban dwellers,
who spend a substantial amount of their income on food.

Agriculture, the don contended, has a special poverty reducing power, pointing
out that China, India and Ghana have all had relatively high agricultural growth
rates and reduced poverty substantially.

Quoting Development Outreach Vol. 10, no 3 2008, Titilola stated that Ghana's
growth and poverty reduction over the last 15 years was Africa's success story.
He added that real GDP has grown at more than four percent a year since 1980 and
at more than five percent since 2001.

He also added that the poverty rate fell from 52 per cent in 1991 to 29 per cent
in 2005, making Ghana the only country in sub-Saharan Africa to have already met
the MDG goal of halving poverty.

To him, "in Nigeria today, many informed observers are debating the paradox of
economic growth not accompanied by economic development".

Titilola stressed that recent available data from the NBS showed that the
nation's GDP was increasing at an impressive annual growth, pointing out that
the nation's GDP had been growing from 5.4 per cent in 2005 to 7.8 per cent in
2010, but fell to 6.7 per cent in 2011, contending that growth was now driven by
the non-oil sector.

According to the don, the showdown in 2011 was a reflection of the worsening
global economy and an oil production showdown.

Titilola maintained that despite Nigeria's rich human and material resources
endowment capable of making her Africa's largest economy and major player at the
global level, yet much of the potential has remained untapped.

According to him, factors identified hindering progress include slow economic
growth due to weak productive capacity, modernisation of agriculture, low labour
and total factor productivity, over dependency on crude oil production, and lack
of diversification of the economic base.

Other factors include gross inefficiency of public sector, poor and
deteriorating social and economic infrastructural services, high dependence on
primary production, heavy debt burden, and low pace of technological
advancement.

In his paper, 'Resolving the problem of economic growth without development:
Lessons learned from the implementation of Millennium Development Goals (MDGs)
in Nigeria', Dr. Ojetunde Aboyade noted that since the return of democratic rule
to Nigeria in 1999, the nation has been experiencing consistent increase in the
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of its economy.

He said the paper aimed to identify and explain the causes of economic growth in
the country without a commensurate reduction in poverty within the context of
MDGs, assess Nigeria's progress in MDGs attainment since 2000 and proffer
practical solutions to move the Goals' attainment in the country forward.

Citing a Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) publication of 2009, Aboyade stated that
GDP refers to the financial value of all goods and service produced within the
economy in one year, including agriculture, industry, building and construction,
wholesale and retail trade, services such as transport, communication,
utilities, hotel and restaurant, finance and insurance, real estate and business
services, producers of government services, community, social and personnel
services.

He stated that the relevance of the MDGs in the international community comes
against the backdrop of the ongoing debate in the United Nations about a
post-2015 international development framework that the UN is expected to ratify
the timeline of the MDGs lapses in 2015.

Aboyade recommended the monitoring and evaluation of government projects at all
levels which he described as a pre-requisite for promoting good governance,
improved service delivery of projects to enhance societal productivity for
poverty reduction.

He hinted that as the government implements monitoring and evaluation and
advocacy frameworks to strengthen its participatory governance structures, its
focus should be to stimulate the development of social capital in local
communities.

It is also expected to build networks of trust and goodwill among the people to
facilitate the mobilisation and accumulation of local assets like cash
donations, building materials, labour etc to support and augment the development
of proposed public facilities in their communities.

Aboyade maintained that governments should strengthen their political will and
release data on public funds actually released for all projects budgeted and
appropriated for to provide a basis for civil society organisations to track the
efficiency with which such funds are being managed to promote transparency and
accountability in the management of such projects.

He advocated that service providers of public facilities should ensure that
local socio-economic conditions, regarding the cost of raw materials, spare
parts, local labour and other factors of project development dictate the cost of
developing the projects and spatial variance of similar projects developed in
different communities should be reflected in such price database.

The presenter also advanced that governments should re-examine the incentive
structure of the economy and initiate reforms to make the cost of manufacturing
goods and services significantly cheaper than importing and trading in such
goods and services.

According to him, "If successful, the same cabals that are working against the
long term interests of the state will likely turn around and begin to make
strategic investments to industrialise the country, thereby creating
opportunities for job creation and sustainable poverty reduction in the long
run."

Earlier, the matriarch of the Aboyade family, Prof. Bimpe, had set the tone of
discussion, lamented that ordinary citizens keep hearing about the fantastic
rate of economic growth in the country from experts within and outside the
country and that Nigeria is among a few countries in the world with the fastest
growing economy, which is far from the reality on ground.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 19, 1991 Friday

Farmers revile $425-million bailout   Characterize Ottawa's package as a
'Band-Aid'   solution to free-trade bloodshed

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 671 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


BY OLIVER BERTIN
Agriculture and Food Reporter
  TORONTO
 Canadian farmers will receive about $425-million in federal assistance
this spring in a package that Ottawa hopes is the last farm bailout it
will ever have to provide.

But that is not the way farmers see the Farm Support and Adjustment
Measures program - more commonly referred to as FSAM.

The announcement yesterday was greeted with derision by major farm
groups across the country who said the federal government will have to
come up with substantially more cash to save their farms from bankruptcy.

"Our problems were created by various levels of government, and
government has to help us out," said Ken Porteous, president of the
Ontario Fruit and Vegetable Growers Association, in a comment that was
supported by 20 provincial farm groups present at yesterday's announcement
in Toronto.

"We had our throats cut by the free-trade agreement  with the United
States!, and they're offering us a Band-Aid. This just won't do it."

Western grain farmers also criticized the federal aid package.

"Saskatchewan asked for $600-million, and they gave us $90-million,"
said a spokeswoman for the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool of Regina. "The
Prairies need $1.3-billion to offset the drop in farm income  caused by an
international trade war! and they gave us $200-million."

Leroy Larsen, acting chairman of Prairie Pools Inc., accused Prime
Minister Brian Mulroney of breaking his promise to help farmers through
their current financial crisis.

"We had a commitment from the Minister of Agriculture and the Prime
Minister that they would not abandon our industry," said Mr. Larsen, who
represents all western grain growers. "We don't see that commitment in
today's announcement."

He said western farmers will see their incomes decline 30 per cent this
year, through no fault of their own.

He attributed the western farm crisis to the continuing trade war
between the United States and the European Community, a war that has
caused farm incomes to drop for five consecutive years.

The federal government is well aware that farmers are disappointed by
the program, but Murray Cardiff, parliamentary assistant to the
Agriculture Minister, said there was little that Ottawa could do.

"We hoped to provide many more dollars, but we just don't have it."

He said the program will provide Canadian farmers with about $425-
million, bringing their 1991 realized net income to $3.3-billion. This, he
said, represented a 10-per-cent increase from 1990.

Realized net income is a federal measure that includes depreciation but
not changes in inventory. It can be compared to operating profit.

Mr. Cardiff said there was little Ottawa could do to bring farm incomes
back to traditional levels until the trade war is resolved.

Because of that trade war, he admitted, Canadian farmers have become so
dependent on the federal and provincial governments that cash bailouts
will account for about $2.5-billion, or 75 per cent of farmers' realized
net income in 1991.

Farmers were, however, pleased with the general import of the federal
program, which replaces the traditional system of emergency farm bailouts
with a form of income insurance that guarantees participating farmers
about 90 per cent of their long-term average income in case of crop
disasters or a decline in world commodity prices.

The FSAM program is the third and last portion of a major restructuring
of Ottawa's system of farm assistance.

Earlier this year, Ottawa announced two other parts of its so-called
"safety net" program, the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan and Net Income
Stabilization Account. They are commonly referred to as GRIP and NISA.

Mr. Cardiff said FSAM was a one-time transitional program that will
carry farmers over from the traditional emergency bailouts of the past to
the GRIP and NISA programs, which take affect next year.

Farmers have been unhappy with emergency bailouts because they are
forced to plead with Ottawa for assistance every time their crops fail. In
future, they will be able to buy income protection in much the same way a
car owner buys car insurance.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            July 12, 2006 Wednesday

Change on the farm

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 444 words


The changing face of Irish agriculture has been charted in a report from
Teagasc, the farm advisory service, which suggests that the number of full-time
farmers in dairying will more than halve by 2015, while the percentage of viable
beef and tillage farms will fall precipitously as a consequence of concessions
proposed in a new world trade agreement.

The figures are stark and startling. And while they quantify a trend that has
been under way for some years, they do not reflect the full picture.

The majority of Irish farmers are now part-time. They - and frequently their
wives - boost family income by engaging in off-farm employment in adjoining
towns and villages. Such flexibility can offer the best of both worlds: a steady
income stream and an enjoyable and fulfilling country lifestyle. But this is not
the choice of those young people who aspire to become full-time farmers. In
their cases, the Government's response in introducing necessary structural
reforms has been slow and inadequate.

An estimated 240,000 people, including spouses and family members, still work on
farms on a full or a part-time basis. And farming is the principal occupation of
about 113,000 individuals. Last year, because of the introduction of the Common
Agricultural Policy decoupling system, involving cheques in the post, farm
incomes rose by about 20 per cent. But that was a once-off benefit. The impact
of such payments will decline.

Before that happens, the Government must address the changing circumstances of
agriculture. The Minister for Agriculture, Mary Coughlan, has recognised the
need for action in reforming and modernising the sector. But details of
investment programmes have been withheld pending publication of a National
Development Plan, 2007-13, early next year. That is not good enough. There is a
need to consolidate farm holdings, reform the milk quota system and restructure
the beef and dairy industries. Further research and development within the
food-processing sector must be encouraged. The production of biofuels should be
incentivised. And greater emphasis should be placed on the production of
high-quality foods, aimed at the expensive end of the consumer market.

It is likely that full-time farming will become concentrated in the east and
south and - in about 20 years - will involve fewer than 15,000 farmers. Falling
farm output could threaten the viability of food-processing plants. And
employment within the building industry, a major element in off-farm employment
at the moment, may decline. That is why the Government should introduce a
balanced regional development programme that will spread employment and
opportunity more widely.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           December 2, 2000, Saturday

FARM INCOME FIGURES TELL SORRY TALE

BYLINE: David Mccoy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6, 7

LENGTH: 894 words


INCOME figures published this week "show once again the extent of the hardships
being faced by the agricultural community," the Ulster Farmers' Union said.

A spokesman said that the UFU "agrees with Farm Minister, Brid Rodgers, that the
weakness of the Euro is creating the most hardship."

Farmers "are not being properly protected from exchange rate risks," he added.

UFU president, Douglas Rowe, said: "The present agrimonetary compensation system
has helped some of our sectors, when the Government has chosen to use the
system.

"Unfortunately, hundreds of millions of pounds have not been claimed in recent
years because of Government reluctance to use this mechanism.

"Even worse however is the prospect of no agrimonetary compensation system at
all from 2002. Serious thought must now be given to this fast approaching
situation which could undermine a recovery in farm incomes."

The spokesman added that farmers "won't be surprised by the figures which
illustrate the ongoing hardships in the agricultural sector."

Minister for Agriculture and Rural Development, Mrs Brid Rodgers, said that the
agricultural income figures "underline what those working in the industry know
only too well, that the serious situation which the industry has been in over
the past three years has continued in 2000."

"While the Northern Ireland position may not have worsened as much this year as
elsewhere in the United Kingdom, our farmers suffered a steeper decline in 1999.
The problems of a weak euro remain the primary cause of their difficulties.
Locally, the extremely weak prices for potatoes in the first half of 2000 were
also a major factor this year."

Mrs Rodgers added: "In light of these income figures, I am pleased that the
United Kingdom Government responded to the strong arguments I, and others, made
for the payment of agrimonetary compensation. This has been worth almost pounds
14 million to Northern Ireland this year.

"However, under European Union rules, agrimonetary compensation can be generated
only for exchange rate appreciation up to the end of 2001 and the industry will
have to take the necessary measures to compete at the prevailing exchange rate.
It is my hope that the recommendations of the Vision Group will help point the
way in this regard."

This week's figures mean that earnings from the nation's farms will have fallen
by 72 per cent in the last five years following a series of crises, including
BSE in cows and swine fever in pigs.

In 1995, income from farming reached an all-time high but the latest fall is
being blamed on pressure on prices caused by a further rise in sterling against
the euro.

The Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food said prices have fallen,
particularly for milk and cereals and also, because of domestic market
conditions, on potatoes.

Increased costs for fuel and fertilisers have also contributed to the fall in
incomes, it added, while the recent floods caused problems for many farmers.

Agriculture Minister, Nick Brown, said a number of measures were already in
place to reverse the worrying trend, including a pounds 500 million Action Plan
for Farming and the England Rural Development Programme, which will invest
pounds 1.6 billion in the rural economy over seven years.

He said: "These figures reflect the acute difficulties faced by the agriculture
industry as a result of the dramatic fall in farm income levels over recent
years.

"The further drop forecast for 2000 was foreseen in March and reflects the
continuing strength of the pound as well as other factors.

"However I welcome the increase in incomes forecast for Less Favoured Areas in
2000-01.

"The Government understands the gravity of the situation and is committed to
ensuring that the agriculture industry emerges stronger from this crisis.

"Our commitment was illustrated last December when I announced the Government's
long-term strategy for agriculture, which aims to secure a more competitive and
sustainable industry, with a stronger market orientation.

"For the past year we have been working in partnership with the farming, food
and retail industries to deliver the strategy, and have made significant
achievements."

Jim Walker, president of the National Farmers' Union of Scotland, said the
figures "are nothing short of disastrous for our fragile industry."

Mr Walker said: "They come as no surprise to those of us who live with this
reality day after day. The hill farming sector is one of Scotland's greatest
assets in terms of countryside management and livestock production but, for
anyone still in any doubt, these figures provide a stark reminder of how close
we are to damaging this fragile asset.

"We know that our repeated warnings have not fallen on deaf ears because we have
a Rural Affairs Minister who has clearly stated his concern for this sector. We
welcomed last month's extra injection of resources to the Less Favoured Area's
budget and we will continue our work with the Executive to seek refinements to
the new support scheme and to deliver a more permanent strategy for agriculture.
"

HE added: "In the meantime, it is crucial that the LFA payments are made to
farmers on time in March next year, and that Ministers continue to look for ways
in which the burden of cost can be lifted from our industry."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRID RODGERS; DOUGLAS ROWE

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Century Newspapers Limited


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 June 25, 1998

Action is demanded to save rural businesses

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.15

LENGTH: 552 words


SCOTTISH farm incomes will this year plummet below GBP 200million - a staggering
GBP 400million fall on three years ago - the chairman of Scottish Conservative's
rural group claimed yesterday.

In demanding immediate Government action to address the financial crisis that is
threatening to overwhelm Scottish agriculture, John Scott said many farmers were
under threat and will not survive.

His comments came at an eve of Royal Highland Show press conference at which the
Scottish Tories launched a new political group to highlight the difficulties in
the rural economy, called Crisis.

Mr Scott said the show would paint what is best in Scottish agriculture, but
hide the true story.

He added: "A real crisis exists and the Government apparently cares not a jot.
It is time to say to Government that enough is enough. Sort this mess or move
on.

"If Scottish agriculture were a plc, it would be issuing a profits warning. The
difference between farm incomes in 1995 and the forecast for 1998 is likely to
be GBP 400million or thereby, and that is unsustainable in the long-term.

"That is GBP 400million which is not being spent in rural Scotland. That is why
most rural businesses are under threat and many won't survive the situation."

"I have argued in the past that hill farming is unsustainable unless the
Government intervened and supported it.

"Well, now the whole of Scottish agriculture is in the same position and it will
not survive this crisis unless Government squares up to its responsibilities."

Mr Scott, who in another role is the Scottish NFU's hill farming convener, said
the biggest problem facing agriculture was the strength of the pound.

"That means our exports are uncompetitive, and imports are sucked in, our
support is reduced in value, and, insultingly, interest rates are at their
highest level for many years," he said.

Mr Scott claimed a Tory Government would have drawn on the GBP 900million in
European compensation for the successive revaluations of the green pound if it
had still been in power.

Former Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sanderson, now a director of the
Clydesdale Bank and United Auctions, said Scotland needed a healthy agricultural
economy.

Every sector had been hit, and all businesses were now having to tighten their
belts. He warned of a sea-change in the industry, with the big farms getting
bigger and smaller ones disappearing.

He also renewed party demands that the new agriculture minister in the Scottish
Parliament has a place in Brussels by right, and not by convention as at
present.

He urged the Government to re -write the Scotland Bill to ensure Scottish
farming has a proper voice in Europe, and is not at the whim of decisions taken
in Whitehall and by the Westminster minister who will lead the UK delegation in
talks.

As the proposed legislation stands, the Scottish agriculture minister will have
no right in statute to take part in discussions in either London or Brussels.But
he said this could lead to serious problems, especially if the administration in
Edinburgh was of a different political persuasion from that in London.

David McLetchie, the deputy chairman of the Tories policy commission, branded
Labour "Tony's Townies" who were driven by political correctness and urban
arrogance and indifference.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Pawar spies farmer 'camouflage'

BYLINE: Our Special Correspondent

LENGTH: 392  words


New Delhi, March 1: Former agriculture minister Sharad Pawar today said a "false
impression" was created about this year's budget being pro-farmer and contended
that the apparent hike in budgetary allocations rested on statistical jugglery.

Addressing a news conference here, the veteran Nationalist Congress Party leader
said: "The allocation of Rs 35,984 crore for the agriculture is a camouflage.
Out of this, Rs 15,000 crore is for interest subvention.

"This amount used to be shown under the banking department previously. The
actual allocation for agriculture sector is Rs 20,984 crore. This has been now
shifted from banking to agriculture. That's camouflaging."

Pawar explained: "Budgetary allocation for interest subvention was started
during the UPA time but that was not under the agriculture head. An impression
is being created that the government has come up with the biggest vision for
agriculture. This is a false impression.

"The only good thing is support shown to MGNREGA against the backdrop of the
Prime Minister and others ridiculing this welfare scheme. They were questioning
the viability of this programme."

Pawar added: "Because of the substantial rise in the minimum support price (MSP)
during the UPA regime, India became the largest exporter of rice in the world
and the second largest exporter of wheat, sugar and cotton. This government has
taken no concrete decision on MSP. Production is going down for two years and it
is worrisome."

He also questioned the government's claim about doubling of agriculture income
in a particular time frame, saying: "This is a hollow statement. For agriculture
income to double, we need a 14 per cent rise every year. Figures don't match."

He also asked the Centre not to claim credit for crop insurance started by the
UPA.

Speaking on the JNU row and communalism, Pawar accused the Narendra Modi
government of providing "direct and indirect" support to divisive forces.

"What happened in Hyderabad University and JNU are not good for the country,"
Pawar said.

"Communal temperatures are deliberately being pushed up. Society is being
polarised to create fear psychosis among the minorities. Some forces got
emboldened under this regime."

Asked about the Prime Minister's silence, he said, "The Prime Minister does not
speak on any such issue.... His Mann ki baat has no place for such concerns."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

FORM 8-K: China Green Agriculture, Inc FILES Current report

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Washington


China Green Agriculture, Inc, Nevada, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 09, 2015

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Nevada

Item 2.02  Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On February 9, 2015, China Green Agriculture, Inc., a corporation incorporated
in the State of Nevada (the "Company"), issued a press release announcing (i)
certain financial results for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014; (ii)
guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year of 2015 and reaffirming the
guidance for the fiscal year of 2015; and (iii) a conference call to be held by
the Company on Monday, February 9, 2015 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the
results of operations for the quarter ended December 31, 2014. A copy of the
press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(d)  Exhibits.

The following is filed as an exhibit to this report:


Exhibit No.  Description

99.1   Press Release, dated February 9, 2015.

China Green Agriculture, Inc. Reports the Financial Results for the Second
Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015
with Revenue Beating the Guidance and Net Income Meeting the Guidance

Provides Guidance of Revenue and Net Income for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year
2015, and Reaffirms
Guidance of Revenue and Net Income for Fiscal Year 2015

XI'AN, China, F-

Second Quarter of FY 2015 net sales increased 33.0% to $54.1million; net income
increase 41.9% to $5.2million with EPS of $0.16.
    The Company provided third quarter of fiscal year 2015 guidance range:
Revenue, Net Income and EPS of between $75 million and $80 million, $8 million
and $10 million, and $0.23 and $ 0.28 based on 35.2 million fully diluted
shares, respectively.
    The Company Updated Guidance Range of Fiscal Year 2015 as the following:
Revenue, Net Income and EPS of between $255 million and $269 million, $26
million and $ 35 million, and $0.74 and $0.99 based on 35.2 million fully
diluted shares, respectively.

China Green Agriculture, Inc. (NYSE: CGA; "China Green Agriculture" or the
"Company"), a company mainly produces and distributes humic acid-based compound
fertilizers, other varieties of compound fertilizers and agricultural products
through its subsidiaries in China, today announced its financial results for the
quarter ended December 31, 2014, i.e., the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2015.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Plight of farmers 'living in poverty'

BYLINE: Jonathan Reed

LENGTH: 278 words



HIGHLIGHT: ONE farmer in four is living in poverty, it is claimed today.


New figures obtained by the Conservative have revealed the plight endured by
many farmers struggling to keep their business going.

The Tories say  "large numbers" of farms are hardly breaking even and have
blamed red tape for adding to the costs.

Shadow Minister for Agriculture, Jim Paice, said: "There is no more important
industry than the production of food but these figures show how tough life is
for many farmers.

"Despite welcome increases in incomes, large numbers of farm businesses are
barely breaking even as the costs and regulatory burdens imposed by Government
increase. In recent years thousands of farmers have quit the industry, weakening
our supply base and leaving us more reliant on imports of food we could produce
ourselves.

"Our agricultural industry is a national asset but too often under the current
Government farmers have been undervalued and undermined."

According to the figures released by Agriculture Minister Jim Fitzpatrick, 25
per cent of farm households were classed as below the "modified low income
threshold" - gross income before housing costs are taken into account - in
2007/08.

The Government insisted the measure was slightly different to the official
definition of poverty because farm incomes are calculated differently to other
kinds of employment. A Defra spokesman said: "Farm households estimated to be
below the modified low income threshold have decreased from 30 per cent in
2006/07 to 25 per cent in 2007/08.

"The latest estimates of farm income for 2008/09 show the resilience of
Britain's farm businesses in a difficult economic climate, with average farm
business income increasing by six per cent on the previous year."

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Farm income boost likely after sterling fall helps prices

BYLINE: Brian Henderson

LENGTH: 512  words


While government figures have confirmed a substantial drop in farm incomes
during 2015, early estimates for 2016 hinted at some reversal in this trend.

Lower prices for inputs such as fuel and fertiliser in the first half of 2016,
coupled with higher prices for some commodities in the second half of the year -
mainly as a result of the slump in the value of sterling after the Brexit vote -
helped incomes bounce back to close to 2014 levels.

The official statistics showed that farm income fell by 16 per cent in 2015
compared to the previous year, while the initial estimates for 2016 suggested a
year-on-year increase of 15 per cent.

Stressing that the 2016 figures remained provisional, the report said the total
income from farming figure (TIFF) for 2016 appeared to have bounced back to
about £749 million, after standing at £653m in 2015, and £775m in 2014.

READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/farming/scots-farm-
incomes-fall-by-half-in-just-four-years-1-4079889| Scots farm incomes fall by
half in just four years | Scots farm incomes fall by half in just four years -
The Scotsman}

The weakening of the pound led to improved prices for grain, beef and lamb in
the second half of the year, resulting in a boost to the value of outputs
despite reductions earlier in the year.

Another important effect of the exchange rate was a rise in the value of EU
support payments, resulting in a 17 per cent increase in total payments -
although farmers are yet to receive full payment of these dues.

Jonnie Hall, director of policy at NFU Scotland, said that while some sectors
had bounced back, some worrying trends continued for Scottish farm output in
general and that 2015 and 2016 had been extremely challenging for those
producing milk, cereals and eggs.

He said: "There is a clear indication of a contraction of Scottish agriculture,
and that is further borne out by productivity indicators which suggest we have
fewer farm businesses but they are getting more efficient in terms of input use.

"However, TIFF figures relate to all aspects of Scottish agriculture and these
headline figures can disguise significant variations between sectors, farm sizes
and farm types."

Stating that the TIFF figures also served to underline the importance of public
support to the viability of Scottish agriculture, he said: "In the months ahead,
we will be pressing at a Scottish and UK level the need for a post-Brexit
agricultural policy that is both adequately funded and better targeted at active
farmers and crofters."

A similar line was taken by Scotland's rural economy secretary, Fergus Ewing. He
said: "Historically, support payments from the EU have played a significant role
in farm profits and the total income from farming balance sheets show us that
this is continues to be very much the case.

"Given the importance of these payments, the Scottish Government is pushing
Westminster for further clarity on the future of rural funding."

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Farm income boost likely after sterling fall helps prices

BYLINE: Brian Henderson

LENGTH: 512  words


While government figures have confirmed a substantial drop in farm incomes
during 2015, early estimates for 2016 hinted at some reversal in this trend.

Lower prices for inputs such as fuel and fertiliser in the first half of 2016,
coupled with higher prices for some commodities in the second half of the year -
mainly as a result of the slump in the value of sterling after the Brexit vote -
helped incomes bounce back to close to 2014 levels.

The official statistics showed that farm income fell by 16 per cent in 2015
compared to the previous year, while the initial estimates for 2016 suggested a
year-on-year increase of 15 per cent.

Stressing that the 2016 figures remained provisional, the report said the total
income from farming figure (TIFF) for 2016 appeared to have bounced back to
about £749 million, after standing at £653m in 2015, and £775m in 2014.

READ MORE: {http://www.scotsman.com/business/companies/farming/scots-farm-
incomes-fall-by-half-in-just-four-years-1-4079889| Scots farm incomes fall by
half in just four years | Scots farm incomes fall by half in just four years -
The Scotsman}

The weakening of the pound led to improved prices for grain, beef and lamb in
the second half of the year, resulting in a boost to the value of outputs
despite reductions earlier in the year.

Another important effect of the exchange rate was a rise in the value of EU
support payments, resulting in a 17 per cent increase in total payments -
although farmers are yet to receive full payment of these dues.

Jonnie Hall, director of policy at NFU Scotland, said that while some sectors
had bounced back, some worrying trends continued for Scottish farm output in
general and that 2015 and 2016 had been extremely challenging for those
producing milk, cereals and eggs.

He said: "There is a clear indication of a contraction of Scottish agriculture,
and that is further borne out by productivity indicators which suggest we have
fewer farm businesses but they are getting more efficient in terms of input use.

"However, TIFF figures relate to all aspects of Scottish agriculture and these
headline figures can disguise significant variations between sectors, farm sizes
and farm types."

Stating that the TIFF figures also served to underline the importance of public
support to the viability of Scottish agriculture, he said: "In the months ahead,
we will be pressing at a Scottish and UK level the need for a post-Brexit
agricultural policy that is both adequately funded and better targeted at active
farmers and crofters."

A similar line was taken by Scotland's rural economy secretary, Fergus Ewing. He
said: "Historically, support payments from the EU have played a significant role
in farm profits and the total income from farming balance sheets show us that
this is continues to be very much the case.

"Given the importance of these payments, the Scottish Government is pushing
Westminster for further clarity on the future of rural funding."

{https://www.facebook.com/scotsmanbusiness/ | Click here to Like' The Scotsman
Business on Facebook | Link to Facebook page}

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2017 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

India still a low-income food-deficit country

LENGTH: 1115 words

DATELINE: Bhubaneswar


Bhubaneswar, Oct. 16 -- World Food Day is celebrated on October 16 in honour of
the date of the founding of the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO) of the
United Nations in 1954. This is a day of action against hunger. The theme for
this year is 'Social protection and agriculture: Breaking the cycle of rural
poverty'. Social protection, defined by the United Nations Research Institute
for Social Development, is concerned with preventing, managing and overcoming
situations that adversely affect people's wellbeing. Social protection consists
of policies and programmes to reduce poverty and vulnerability by promoting
efficient labour markets and diminishing people's exposure to risks and
enhancing their capacity to manage economic and social risks.

The world's population is likely to reach 9.1 billion by 2050. The FAO estimates
that by 2050, global food demand will increase by 70 per cent. This is going to
put tremendous pressure on already scarce land and water resources implying an
urgent need for an alternative way to combat food shortages.

About 73 per cent of the world populations have no access to adequate social
protection. A majority of them live in the rural areas of developing countries
and many of them depend on agriculture for a living. Poor rural households are
already constrained by limited access to resources, low agricultural
productivity and poorly functioning markets.

Hunger is a global problem. The cost of food is rising. Despite a substantial
increase in food grain production since Independence, India is still classified
as a low-income food-deficit country. A recent United Nations annual hunger
report says India is placed at top in the world hunger list, surpassing China.
India ranks 135th out of 187 countries in the 2014 UNDP Human Development Index
and 55th out of 76 countries in the Global Hunger Index.

*Odisha has been put in the category of severely food-insecure regions. It has
been pointed out that severe food insecurity in Odisha is primarily due to the
presence of vulnerable rural population who are basically Scheduled Caste &
Scheduled Tribe with poor and marginal livelihood assets or livelihood
susceptible to natural disasters. The average tribal have less than two acres of
land, from where they produce food for five to six months. For rest of the
period, they depend on forest products and the Public Distribution System (PDS)
rice. With incomes insufficient to buy food, many of the households are in debts
and in the food-insecure category. In many areas the poor tribals migrate to
neighbouring States for work.

Agriculture is the main driver of economic development. Higher agriculture
productivity can positively impact poverty reduction by increasing rural incomes
and reducing food prices. Most of India's poor live in rural areas and are
engaged in agriculture. Agriculture contributes nearly one-fifth of the gross
domestic product (GDP). To improve the rural economy, the Government has planned
several programmes.

As per the 2011 Census, 83.3 crore Indians live in rural areas and 37.7 crore in
urban areas. Rural development has great significance for India as 69 per cent
of the people live in rural areas.

*Of the total population of Odisha, around 83.32 per cent live in rural areas
and 16.68 per cent in urban areas. As much as 85% of the State's populations are
dependent on agriculture, fisheries and forestry. The State Government should
facilitate agriculture through various schemes to achieve food security.
Economic policies should be reoriented to provide adequate support for
agriculture and its vast rural population. Besides, agriculture can provide the
largest source of employment to the rural poor.

The Institute of Town Planners, India in the year 1995 conducted a study to
detail out urban development plans formulation and implementation (UDPFI)
guidelines. The basic purpose of the study was to arrive at a methodology of
plan preparation that would not only help prepare better master plans but also
achieve an integrated development of rural-urban areas. The UDPFI guidelines
suggest various institutional support mechanisms that would help in achieving
rural-urban integration. Adequate infrastructure such as transportation,
communication, energy and basic services is the backbone of the urban-rural
development linkage approach.

Adequate investments in infrastructure, particularly transportation
infrastructure, also improve rural productivity. Development policies that
facilitate these rural-urban linkages can promote economic growth and poverty
reduction. Policies that increase growth in agriculture and promote rural-urban
linkages have the potential to reduce poverty. Small urban centres, on the one
hand, are 'market towns' that offer markets and services for local agricultural
producers and retail and service provision for their populations and the
surrounding populations. The areas can be well-positioned to positively
influence rural development and agricultural productivity. Regional food systems
should be strengthened through inclusion of efficient and accessible markets and
distribution systems in urban planning and design. The National Food Security
Act, 2013 aims to provide subsidised food grains to approximately two-thirds of
India's people. The Act is a milestone in the history of India's fight against
hunger and malnutrition as it empowers more than 800 million Indians (75% of the
rural and 50% of the urban population living below and just above the poverty
line) to legally claim their right to highly subsidised staple foods.

The land is the basic need for food security. City planners have a unique
opportunity to facilitate and lead food security initiatives at a regional level
through the decisions about the use of land. In many regions productive
agricultural land has been converted to other uses. During the planning stage,
planners could be involved in collection of data on regional food demand and
assessment on the impact of current planning on the regional food system.
Integration of agriculture with regional development can provide food to both
rural and urban residents. It is imperative to adopt development control
measures to safeguard agricultural land from urban sprawl. At the same time,
provision of more income security and investment in rural livelihoods can
improve local economic development and promote social protection.

(Dr Praharaj teaches at the Department of Architecture, College of Engineering
and Technology, Bhubaneswar)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 6, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Tunnel farming to boost farmers income in FATA

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 06 -- PESHAWAR, Tunnel farming will make it possible for farmers
in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas to ensure the market availability of
vegetables 45 to 60 days before the commencement of the actual season thus
considerably boosting their incomes generated from these off-seasonal vegetable
sales.This was said by Shah Jehan, Director Agriculture (Extension) FATA while
addressing the participants of the internal capacity building training of
trainers (ToT) workshop held at National Agricultural Research Centre (NARC)
Islamabad.Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA has embarked on an
initiative to disseminate essential know-how pertinent to tunnel farming among
progressive farmers hailing from FATA. In order to optimally capitalize on the
usefulness andproductivity offered by this modern farming technique, Directorate
of Agriculture (Extension) FATA arranged a training program in collaboration
with the Agri.

Business Project for their management and field staff which in turn would
provide technical and practical support to farmers in developing their skills
and expertise in tunnel farming.As an outcome of this ToT/capacity building and
skill development measure, the trainees are now better equipped to understand
how tunnel farming helps produce a consistent yield of agri products by
overcoming seasonal and weather limitations.A relatively fresh practice of
growing off-season vegetables under protective environment, it has been
successfully introduced and implemented under the Agri. Business Project of the
Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA. Exemplifying the effectiveness of
such farming techniques, more traditional farmers have turned towards sharing
the knowledge and experience of the tunnel farmers in order to get practically
involved and reap the benefits out of this revolutionary farming
innovation.Director, Agriculture (Extension) FATA, Shah Jehan, while referring
to the Agri Business Project said; "We are extensively looking at providing
human, financial and technical support services in tunnel farming to progressive
farmers in a bid to help them grow off-season vegetables and leverage their
income levels."He further added that capacity building of farmers for making
their own decisions for better crop management and bolstering agricultural
produce were their core priority areas. Group Training Officer, Muhammad Irfan
Khan, while sharing his knowledge with the participants said that by adopting
and promoting tunnel farming, farmers would be able to enhance their incomes by
getting production up to 60 per cent more than traditional farming. He further
said that the use of tunnel farming could also increase per acre yield for
farmers and reduce cost of growing crops. Khurshid Alam, Planning Officer,
Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA briefed about the planning that has
been done so far for the overall improvement and development of agriculture in
FATA, adding that several initiatives had been launched while more are in the
pipeline. 20 Agriculture Officers and 40 Field Assistants participated and were
awarded with certificates at the conclusion of the ToT workshop. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  May 5, 2000

Economist says 'cosy cartel' is stifling agriculture

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 484 words


A cross-border agricultural conference was told by a leading economist yesterday
that a "cosy cartel" surrounding agriculture was making the industry
unattractive to young entrepreneurs.

"The conservative policy currently being advocated by a cosy cartel involving
Government, many farm leaders and supporting media is not an attractive prospect
for young farming entrepreneurs," Mr Brendan Kearney said.

Mr Kearney, an agribusiness and economic consultant, was addressing the first
joint conference of the Agricultural Science Association and the Northern
Ireland Institute of Agricultural Science in Ballyconnell. He said entry and
expansion opportunities in farming were too restricted.

For the next six years the sector would be hidebound with an array of rules and
regulations to more or less sustain the status quo. This would give little scope
for young entrants into the sector.

Mr Kearney said the recent Agri Food 2010 report did not give any indication of
what it considered might be the policy framework to succeed Agenda 2000.

He said it might be argued that a more progressive agricultural policy would
weaken the rural economy and further erode its farming base, but with present
farm policies incomes from farming were not sustainable for great swathes of
rural Ireland.

"The development of rural areas and the stabilisation of their population
requires an extension of policies beyond agriculture towards more diversified
forms of rural development. While every opportunity must be availed of to
provide on-farm diversification, the potential for creating value-added and
employment in rural areas is probably greater in the non-farm than in the farm
economy," he said.

He told the conference that there would be no dramatic changes in the
agricultural sector over the next six or seven years. He expected the proportion
of employment in the economy engaged in farming would fall to about 4 per cent,
given the rapid expansion of the labour force and the decline in farm
employment.

Direct payments to farmers from the EU by the year 2006 or 2007 would be as high
as 75 per cent of farm income and, as a sector in the national economy,
agriculture could fall to about 2 per cent of GNP.

Mr Tom Stainer, chief agricultural economist at the Department of Agriculture
and Rural Development in Northern Ireland, told the conference that farm incomes
in the North had fallen by 80 per cent over the past four years.

Despite this, unemployment in rural areas such as Strabane was at its lowest for
many years. He said there was some evidence that movement of resources out of
agriculture into other sectors would benefit the economy as a whole in the years
to come.

He said that in the absence of devolution, there was little the North could do
about generating its own agricultural policies. However, a strategy group had
been set up to examine its approach to "market failures".

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2000 The Irish Times


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

No Sask. minister yet, but top official attends talks

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 538  words


The province with nearly half the arable land in Canada was on the outside
looking in when federal and provincial agriculture ministers met in Toronto this
past week.

Since the new Saskatchewan Party government hasn't yet sworn in its cabinet, the
province with one of the largest agricultural industries in the country was
effectively without ministerial representation.

However, a spokeswoman for the new government said a senior agriculture
department official was in attendance at the talks, which began last week.

"We didn't have a minister, but somebody from the department of agriculture was
there,'' said Kathy Young, executive director of communications for the new
government. The province's new agriculture minister will be sworn in, along with
the rest of cabinet, on Wednesday evening.

Young added that the Saskatchewan Party has stated publicly that it supports
fully funding the province's share of federal-provincial, cost-shared farm
safety net programs.

"Whatever safety net programs are in place, we would be looking at putting in
the provincial share of them,'' Young said. "We're looking at reviewing crop
insurance and some of those things, but as far as specifics, I don't know.''

The communiqué issued Saturday by Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada over the
weekend said the agriculture ministers had made "significant progress" on
business risk management programs that are part of the new Growing Forward
policy framework.

Those include AgriInvest, producer accounts that cover small margin declines;
AgriStability, a margin-based program for larger income declines; AgriRecovery,
disaster recovery assistance, and AgriInsurance programs that were announced in
June.

The ministers also decided to continue funding existing programs, under the
Agricultural Policy Framework (APF), such as the Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization (CAIS), for another year to ensure the "smooth transition to
Growing Forward."

Glenn Bleakly, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan (APAS), said the communiqué is full of "flowery language,'' but
little substance for hard-pressed producers, especially those in the livestock
sector.

Blakley applauded the decision to fund the APF for another year until the new
long-term safety programs are in place, but said immediate action is needed for
cattle and hog producers.

"The only positive thing is that if they weren't going to get Growing Forward up
and running, at least they were willing to extend the (existing) programs
another year,'' Blakley said.

And he approved of the decision to put $600 million to "kickstart" the
AgriInvest program. But he added "$600 million spread all across Canada, and you
break it up between grain and oilseeds (producers), cow-calf and livestock
producers, it gets to be pretty thin soup."

And there's nothing for livestock sector, which is losing $100 to $150 per calf
or $50 per hog. "We've got a major crunch in the livestock sector. They're going
to be down in red ink big time.''

Long-term safety net programs are important, but many producers won't survive
without immediate assistance, Blakley added. "A lot of cow-calf and hog
producers, they don't have much of a future if they can't get this year's bills
paid."

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Employment in non-farm activities

LENGTH: 1037 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, July 29 -- With the passage of time, poor households in rural
Bangladesh have increasingly been linked to rural non-farm activities (RNFA) for
livelihoods. This is not surprising given their perceived fluctuations in
earnings following swings in agricultural output levels. Thus, more often than
not, poor households take to multiple occupations as a shield against
fluctuations in household income. To drive home the point, a comparison of our
observations pertaining to RNFA with those in other areas needs a mention.

It could be observed that manufacturing and services such as weaving, pottery,
food preparation and processing, domestic and personal services and unskilled
non-farm wage labour etc. typically require low investment but account for a
greater share of income for the rural poor households than their wealthier
counterparts. The reverse, however, holds true for transport, commerce and
upgraded manufacturing etc. where higher investments result in higher income for
the wealthier households. In another finding on RNFA, Reardon et. al emphasised
non-farm income for the poor as a means to help household income firmed up and
stabilise in drought years. In a similar vein, Walker and Ryan - in reference to
several villages in the semi-arid tropics of India - found that non-agricultural
self-employment and labour market earnings became increasingly important source
of income during the 1980s by increasing mean income and dampening household
income variability.

The estimates of the total number of days of employment in non-farm activities,
over time, reveal an increase in the duration of employment for most of
non-agricultural activities while the duration of employment for agricultural
labour had been declining over time. Assuming 6 hours as full-time employment,
it could be estimated that the degree of under-employment marginally declined
from 30 per cent to 28 per cent. In this context, we can possibly invoke the
'push' and the 'pull' debate. Questions are raised whether the surplus labour
and low productivity in agriculture are pushing labour towards relatively low
productive RNFA or not. In this case, the rural non-farm sector may be
identified as the 'employer of last resort'. But as evidences reveal, it is not
only the landless, lacking employment in agriculture, who have stepped into
rural non-farm activities but also the households with better resource positions
have moved out of agriculture.

Estimates of labour productivity obtained from our survey shows that,
productivity of RNFA is 40 to 50 per cent higher than the agricultural wage rate
- even in non-farm activities that need very little physical and human capital,
such as construction work, rickshaw pulling and shop keeping. In services and
business enterprises, average labour productivity is observed to be 2 to 2.5
times higher than the agricultural wage rate. The labour productivity in
business and service sector activities was, however, substantially lower for
workers belonging to the functionally landless households than for those
belonging to the medium and large landowning households. However, as it appears
from our data, the resource-poor households are engaged in trade and services at
the lower end of the productivity scale, presumably due to lack of access to
capital and education.

Since the productivity of non-farm labour is higher than agricultural wage rate,
the mobility of the poor workers from agriculture to the non-farm sector is
contributing to an increase in productivity and earnings. In this case,
possibly, we can hypothesise that there is evidently a 'pull' situation where
the non-farm sector is luring the labour to relatively higher paid jobs. In
other words, the observations from surveys lead to the impression that, as
opposed to earlier years when labour was 'pushed out' of agriculture to embrace
low-productive non-farm jobs, non-farm opportunities are in fact 'pulling'
labour from agriculture in recent times. The observation is supported by the
fact that the average productivity in off-farm and non-farm occupations has
increased with the passage of time. And admittedly, the 'pull' situation has
arisen out of surging agricultural growth itself. In fact, agricultural growth
generated demand and supply to create such a condition. It is, thus, established
that in a society where agriculture remains stagnant, RNFA cannot grow fast. It
is argued that a 10 per cent increase in agricultural GDP raises employment in
the non-farm sector by 6 per cent. Therefore, we have to put our efforts
relentlessly in increasing agricultural growth. Drawing upon data from selected
Asian countries such as Bangladesh, India, Indonesia, Pakistan and Thailand,
eminent economists Rosegrant and Hazell pointed to a positive relationship
between agricultural income and non-farm share of total rural employment where
regional income multipliers range from 1.5 to 2.0. That is, for each dollar
increase in agriculture's value added, there is an additional $0.5 to $1.0
increase in the value added of the non-farm sector. And, 67 to 80 per cent of
this increment in value addition is due to household consumption-induced
linkages.

It could be seen that the productivity of the poor segment - as compared to the
solvent segment of the rural society - in business/trade and services is less
than half. For example, a functionally landless labour earns $2.28/day and
$2.02/day from business/trade and services, respectively. As opposed to this,
the labour from solvent household appears to earn, respectively, $ 5 and $4.
That means, the productivity of the poor is lower as they reside at the less
productive end of the activities. It might be due to deterrence from inadequate
or no access to education or credit that forces them to move around manual-based
activities. In this case, the policy implication is to increase access to
education and credit for this class of people.

The writer is a former Professor of Economics at Jahangirnagar University.

abdulbayes@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    November 27, 1998, Friday, METRO EDITION

Ottawa developing plan to aid struggling farmers Latest crisis called the worst
since the Depression

BYLINE: BY Valerie Lawton Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 664 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Canada's agriculture minister expects to announce help soon for
farmers struggling in the face of collapsing prices for hogs and grain.

"I know full well the difficulty that producers are in and that is why we are
taking this seriously," Lyle Vanclief said yesterday.

"We are working to put a plan in place that will assist those who are the
hardest hit as quickly as we can," he told the House of Commons, adding later
that an announcement should come before Christmas.

Horrific tales of piglets being abandoned and killed by farmers in dire
financial straits have helped pushed the farm income crisis to the top of the
federal political agenda.

Vanclief, an eastern Ontario hog farmer before coming to Ottawa, met with his
fellow cabinet ministers yesterday to make a pitch for a disaster relief
package.

Outside the meeting, he refused to say how much money he's asking for but
reports suggest the program could cost in the range of $400 million to $500
million this year.

The Canadian Federation of Agriculture has said what's needed is a package worth
$500 million in the first year.

Farmers are calling this the worst crisis on the farm since the Great
Depression. Without immediate help, they warn thousands of farms will go
bankrupt.

Hog farmers are the worst hit. Pork prices are 60 per cent less than they were a
year ago - their lowest point in three decades.

Some have tried to stem losses by destroying their piglets to avoid the cost of
feeding and caring for them.

Police in southwestern Ontario recently made the gruesome discovery of more than
300 dead pigs on an abandoned farm. A handful survived by eating the decomposing
carcasses.

The farmer who left them to die told police he was trying to save himself from
losing money.

"Nobody in their worst nightmare could imagine that you could actually lose $60
on every pig that goes out the gate," said Embro farmer Carl Moore, in Ottawa
yesterday for a meeting of the Canadian Pork Council.

Moore, 54, said he has bred very few of his pigs in recent months.

"It's a disaster to have a sow have pigs right now," he said.

Prices for pork and other commodities have fallen in large part because of lower
demand in Asia and Russia, which have been hit by severe economic turmoil.

Ontario's agriculture minister said the province will work with Ottawa to come
up with a rescue package for pork producers.

"Yes, there's urgency and we'll move as quickly as we have the formula from the
federal government," Noble Villeneuve said.

Villeneuve said pig farmers in Ontario are losing about $6 million a week.

Opposition MPs accused the government yesterday of waiting too long to act while
the problem has worsened over the last year.

"How could this Liberal government let things get that bad?" said Manitoba
Reform MP Jake Hoeppner (Portage-Lisgar).

The disaster relief would be available to all Canadian farmers who can show
their income has dropped below a certain level.

Europe and the United States have already announced substantial farm income
support to help their farmers during the global crisis.

It's expected the Canadian disaster relief program would kick in when a farmer's
gross margin - a measure of farm income - falls to below 70 per cent of a
historical average. The assistance would bring the gross margin back up to that
70 per cent level.

Vanclief said he will expect the provinces to chip in.

"The provinces understand that safety net funding at the present time and in the
past has been on a 60-40 (per cent) basis," he said.

Saskatchewan, the worst hit province with total farm income expected to fall 70
per cent this year, has already balked at that proposal.

Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's agriculture minister, was on Parliament Hill
yesterday and told the Commons agriculture committee his province represents
just 3 per cent of the tax base, but 40 per cent of its jobs are agriculture
-related.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP PHOTO: FARM AID: Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief says an aid
package should be announced by Christmas. Lower demand has forced livestock and
grain prices down.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                                  May 14, 2015

Eastern Province Rice, Maize Farmers to Get Bumper Harvest

BYLINE: Stephen Rwembeho

LENGTH: 498 words


Agronomists in different parts of the Eastern Province are predicting high maize
and rice production this season.

In separate interviews, yesterday, the agriculture officials said their
projections are based on high quality seeds which were supplied to farmers,
training and improved drainage system which has prevented flooding in rice
fields.

Bernard Udahemuka, the agriculture officer in charge of Gatsibo District said
farmers across all districts in the province made significant effort towards
increasing rice production.

"We achieved 91 per cent of our target last season, but we expect to go beyond
this figure after harvest. The trend is unbelievable," he said.

He added that farmers had been trained in the operation and maintenance of the
rice fields, with the objective of increasing their yields.

"We expect huge rice production this season...farmers have fully embraced modern
agriculture methods of rice production. It has also contributed to improved
livelihoods and lifestyles, it is motivating in itself," he said.

Udahemuka noted that the farmers' main constraints to increased rice
productivity were addressed.

"We availed high quality seeds and the drainage system has been improved to
prevent flooding during the rainy season."

Richard Gasana, the mayor of Gatsibo, said rice farming has provided incomes and
employment to many residents in the district and enhanced nutrition levels.

Being essentially an agro-based economy, however, Rwanda is highly vulnerable to
the impacts of climate change.

Like other staple foods, therefore, rice production depends on rains which makes
it vulnerable.

"Our concern remains over dependence on rain...we are lucky that we have been
having reliable rains lately, but in some seasons the story was different.
Rain-fed agriculture is indeed a big challenge, particularly with the climate
change," Gasana said.

Jean Pierre Ndahayo, 56, a rice farmer, noted that rice provided enough income
to farmers compared to other crops.

"Rice growing is demanding - being labour intensive activity - but the
motivation lies in its ability to pay farmers. There is significant evidence
that lives are changing positively at the village level," he said.

Mayor of Kirehe District, Edward Muzungu said this season, maize production is
expected to more than double.

Plans are in place to mobilise farmers to sell their produce in farmers'
associations and at international markets, he said.

Muzungu said farmers' proper use of fertilisers and reliable rainfall were
responsible for improved production.

"The district procured and availed agro processing equipments to farmers like
maize mills, rice hurlers and an irrigation system.

"We are using agriculture to increase household incomes and enable each
household to earn enough money. Many rice and maize farmers have turned into
millionaires," he said.

Agriculture in Rwanda accounts for a third of Rwanda's GDP; constitutes the main
economic activity for the rural households and remains their main source of
income.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

Govt reiterates taxing of all sectors

SECTION: Vol. III No. 95

LENGTH: 363  words


The federal government has reiterated its desire to tax all incomes, including
the agriculture sector, in the upcoming budget and sought provinces' help in
drafting a legislation to net this vital sector.

Talking to the media, Finance Minister Dr Abdul Hafeez Shaikh said that the
centre would coordinate with the provinces for the required legislation for
taxing agriculture income. Under the Constitution, agriculture income tax is a
provincial matter, unlike other incomes.

Shaikh said that the government has decided to consult politicians,
industrialists, traders, and farmer associations for drawing up the budget.
Provinces will also be taken on board for making the consolidated budget as the
role of the federating units increased in terms of financial discipline after
the 18th amendment and the Seventh NFC award

The federal finance minister said that the next budget would be growth-oriented,
and new areas would be brought under the tax net.

The finance minister also said that the government had been trying to provide
relief to the public despite increases in international oil prices. Shaikh said
that the government was working on a plan to ensure relief to the consumers of
petroleum products.

According to some reports, the government may reverse some increase in petroleum
prices before the National Assembly session or during the first day of the
session. The government increased petroleum products prices by up to 13 per cent
for April.

Meanwhile, the government is learnt to have started borrowing to provide relief
to masses in the shape of subsidies. Shaikh said the government would form a
public holding company to devise a strategy to overcome losses of eight public
sector enterprises. The government will appoint members with good reputation on
the boards of the holding company, which will be responsible for restructuring
these loss-making units.

He said that remittances were estimated to rise up to $11 billion during this
fiscal year, while exports could reach $24-billion-mark. The minister also said
that there were prospects of a bumper wheat crop with about 25 million tons,
which will play an important role in the revival of national economy.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                             June 17, 2010 Thursday

Holyrood to cut back on agricultural statistics

BYLINE: Joe Watson

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 190 words


THE Scottish Government is to cut the number of agricultural statistic
publications it produces annually.

It yesterday said there was considerable duplication in its existing four
publications - The Economic Report on Scottish Agriculture, the Scottish
Agriculture Output, Input and Income Statistics, Farm Business Income Statistics
and the Agriculture Facts and Figures Pocketbook.

It is intending axing the agriculture output, input and income statistics as
well as the farm business publication and incorporating the figures from them in
an expanded economic report and pocketbook.

The headline statistics that were originally released in January showed a 3.2%
fall in farm incomes to £589million and production falls of 2% for beef, 8% for
mutton and lamb, 20% for pigmeat and 2% for milk were announced in January.

Those figures also showed potato production in 2009 up 14%, a 2% improvement in
the barley harvest and 21% fall in wheat yields.

Total industry output in 2009 was £2.3billion, presenting 11.7% of the total for
the UK and 0.8% of farm production in the EU.

In a Scottish context the farm sector makes up 0.8% of the total economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2010 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Patriotism and taxation

LENGTH: 1069  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Aug. 31 -- We are said to be a patriotic people. What patriotism means
to most of us, however, is that there is a lot of flag waving, a lot of
sloganeering and a lot of traitor shaming. Of course, if Saif Ali Khan from
across the border makes immature comments about the country, we are outraged and
immediately take to social media to attack him. We feel we have done our
patriotic duty by bashing him and by liking videos against him. This is the
extent of our patriotism and it is almost always a negative sentiment but never
a positive one. A positive patriotic sentiment would mean that we would be
concerned about changing the country for the better, i.e. making it a
progressive welfare society and a state that is alive to the possibilities of
investing in its own people.

Positive patriotism would, therefore, translate into something more substantial.
Last week, the organisation called Research and Advocacy for the Advancement of
Allied Reforms (RAFTAAR) released a report that at least disabused me of the
notion that we are a patriotic people. Their findings showed that only 0.3
percent of the people in Pakistan pay income tax and file tax returns. This
means that out of a population of 190 million or so, only 500,000 people -
mostly salaried employees - pay income tax and file returns as well. The total
number of people who file income tax returns is higher, approximately 900,000,
but 400,000 file a tax return of nil. Compared to us, three percent of the
Indian population pays income tax, i.e. 35 million people.

Consequently, 68 percent of all revenue collected by the state is through
indirect taxation, which by definition is also regressive. What this means is
that these indirect taxes, like sales tax for example, consume a larger portion
of the earnings of lower income groups. Withholding tax has a similar impact.
The agricultural sector contributes less than one percent in taxes when it
constitutes 21 percent of the total GDP. Meanwhile, the manufacturing sector,
which contributes 13 percent of the GDP, contributes 52 percent in taxes. The
services sector similarly contributes 37 percent of the taxes, when its share of
the GDP is 58 percent. Pakistan's public debt is 17 trillion rupees. That is
approximately 63 percent of the GDP in Pakistan. Pakistan ranks 162 on the
global 'paying taxes' index. Part of this is because there are structural and
procedural weaknesses in the tax structure. For example, it takes an average of
560 hours to comply with tax. This must be simplified.

Agricultural income must also be taxed. The far-reaching impact of such a move
both economically and politically cannot be underscored enough. By ensuring that
agricultural income is made taxable to a degree equal to or greater than either
the manufacturing sector or the services sector, Pakistan can bring some balance
to an economy that seems predisposed to agrarian protectionism and by default
the feudal system. The current taxation mechanism for agriculture is wholly
unsatisfactory for it deploys an inefficient mechanism based on land revenue and
land based income taxes, which in turn are administered by the patwaris who are
poorly paid and even more badly trained officials of the provincial revenue
departments. The land revenue rates especially seem quite outmoded. These are
between Rs 100 to Rs 300 per acre and have never been revised. These rates need
to increase five to 10 fold to about Rs 1,000 or Rs 1,500 at the very least,
though other views hold that these rates must be rationalised between Rs 1,500
and Rs 3,000. The non-filing penalty under the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance
is only Rs 1,000, which needs to be revised to ensure greater compliance. There
should be a concerted capacity building exercise that can ensure that
agricultural income is not only taxed in a proper fashion but that the revenue
collected actually makes it to the treasury. This would require the
modernisation of land revenue and agricultural income tax administration. It is
an uphill task because it means changing a mindset that has been entrenched
since the days of Sher Shah Suri and Akbar the Great, and dragging it, kicking
and screaming, into the 21st century. This is easier said than done.

The British, as early as 1860, tried to impose agricultural income tax but had
to reverse their decision nine years later. At the time, land revenue amounted
to as much as 45 percent of the total revenue. In 1935, in order to curry favour
with the agriculturalists - the mainstay of British imperial political policy -
they barred the central government from taxing agriculture. In 1977, the PPP
government attempted to introduce income tax on agriculture but the move was
suspended by the military government that followed. It subsequently exempted
agriculture from the Income Tax Ordinance of 1979. Since the 1990s, agricultural
income tax ordinances have been enacted in all four provinces but, as mentioned
earlier, they remain ineffectual and largely toothless.

Our inability to help ourselves by raising our own revenues has meant we are the
beggars of the world, looking perpetually for aid in often humiliating
conditions. We make a lot of noise about sovereignty not realising that
sovereignty is directly linked to economic and financial independence, of which
we have none. If we were to raise our own revenues to fund our expenditures,
especially in infrastructure, that would add 3.7 percent to our GDP growth. If
we could raise our own revenues to address the energy shortfall in the country,
it would stem estimated losses to the economy of Rs 1.5 trillion. Finally, it
would mean - in very simple terms - that we would have enough money to spend on
health and education, and to ensure that the state gives back to the people. It
is in our collective interest to pay taxes and yet we fail to do so. The
consequences are not abstract; the abysmal state of education and healthcare in
the country is a testament to our failure as a society. It is the failure of our
patriotism.

The writer is a lawyer based in Lahore and the author of the book Mr Jinnah:
Myth and Reality. He can be contacted via twitter @therealylh and through his
email address yasser.hamdani@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Patriotism and taxation

BYLINE: Yasser Latif Hamdani

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 527

LENGTH: 999  words


We are said to be a patriotic people. What patriotism means to most of us,
however, is that there is a lot of flag waving, a lot of sloganeering and a lot
of traitor shaming. Of course, if Saif Ali Khan from across the border makes
immature comments about the country, we are outraged and immediately take to
social media to attack him. We feel we have done our patriotic duty by bashing
him and by liking videos against him. This is the extent of our patriotism and
it is almost always a negative sentiment but never a positive one. A positive
patriotic sentiment would mean that we would be concerned about changing the
country for the better, i.e. making it a progressive welfare society and a state
that is alive to the possibilities of investing in its own people.

Positive patriotism would, therefore, translate into something more substantial.
Last week, the organisation called Research and Advocacy for the Advancement of
Allied Reforms (RAFTAAR) released a report that at least disabused me of the
notion that we are a patriotic people. Their findings showed that only 0.3
percent of the people in Pakistan pay income tax and file tax returns. This
means that out of a population of 190 million or so, only 500,000 people mostly
salaried employees pay income tax and file returns as well. The total number of
people who file income tax returns is higher, approximately 900,000, but 400,000
file a tax return of nil. Compared to us, three percent of the Indian population
pays income tax, i.e. 35 million people.

Consequently, 68 percent of all revenue collected by the state is through
indirect taxation, which by definition is also regressive. What this means is
that these indirect taxes, like sales tax for example, consume a larger portion
of the earnings of lower income groups. Withholding tax has a similar impact.
The agricultural sector contributes less than one percent in taxes when it
constitutes 21 percent of the total GDP. Meanwhile, the manufacturing sector,
which contributes 13 percent of the GDP, contributes 52 percent in taxes. The
services sector similarly contributes 37 percent of the taxes, when its share of
the GDP is 58 percent. Pakistan's public debt is 17 trillion rupees. That is
approximately 63 percent of the GDP in Pakistan. Pakistan ranks 162 on the
global 'paying taxes' index. Part of this is because there are structural and
procedural weaknesses in the tax structure. For example, it takes an average of
560 hours to comply with tax. This must be simplified.

Agricultural income must also be taxed. The far-reaching impact of such a move
both economically and politically cannot be underscored enough. By ensuring that
agricultural income is made taxable to a degree equal to or greater than either
the manufacturing sector or the services sector, Pakistan can bring some balance
to an economy that seems predisposed to agrarian protectionism and by default
the feudal system. The current taxation mechanism for agriculture is wholly
unsatisfactory for it deploys an inefficient mechanism based on land revenue and
land based income taxes, which in turn are administered by the patwaris who are
poorly paid and even more badly trained officials of the provincial revenue
departments.

The land revenue rates especially seem quite outmoded. These are between Rs 100
to Rs 300 per acre and have never been revised. These rates need to increase
five to 10 fold to about Rs 1,000 or Rs 1,500 at the very least, though other
views hold that these rates must be rationalised between Rs 1,500 and Rs 3,000.
The non-filing penalty under the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance is only Rs
1,000, which needs to be revised to ensure greater compliance. There should be a
concerted capacity building exercise that can ensure that agricultural income is
not only taxed in a proper fashion but that the revenue collected actually makes
it to the treasury. This would require the modernisation of land revenue and
agricultural income tax administration. It is an uphill task because it means
changing a mindset that has been entrenched since the days of Sher Shah Suri and
Akbar the Great, and dragging it, kicking and screaming, into the 21st century.
This is easier said than done.

The British, as early as 1860, tried to impose agricultural income tax but had
to reverse their decision nine years later. At the time, land revenue amounted
to as much as 45 percent of the total revenue. In 1935, in order to curry favour
with the agriculturalists the mainstay of British imperial political policy they
barred the central government from taxing agriculture. In 1977, the PPP
government attempted to introduce income tax on agriculture but the move was
suspended by the military government that followed. It subsequently exempted
agriculture from the Income Tax Ordinance of 1979. Since the 1990s, agricultural
income tax ordinances have been enacted in all four provinces but, as mentioned
earlier, they remain ineffectual and largely toothless.

Our inability to help ourselves by raising our own revenues has meant we are the
beggars of the world, looking perpetually for aid in often humiliating
conditions. We make a lot of noise about sovereignty not realising that
sovereignty is directly linked to economic and financial independence, of which
we have none. If we were to raise our own revenues to fund our expenditures,
especially in infrastructure, that would add 3.7 percent to our GDP growth. If
we could raise our own revenues to address the energy shortfall in the country,
it would stem estimated losses to the economy of Rs 1.5 trillion. Finally, it
would mean in very simple terms that we would have enough money to spend on
health and education, and to ensure that the state gives back to the people. It
is in our collective interest to pay taxes and yet we fail to do so. The
consequences are not abstract; the abysmal state of education and healthcare in
the country is a testament to our failure as a society. It is the failure of our
patriotism.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 2, 1994 Saturday

NEWS BRIEFING   Agriculture ministers to meet

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 316 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


WINNIPEG
 They're not quite there yet, but it looks as if Canada's agriculture
ministers are well on their way to approving a new "whole-farm" income-
support program.

On Monday they will start a three-day meeting in Winnipeg, where
they're expected to approve a plan to bring most commodities produced in
Canada under the umbrella of the national income stabilization account,
known as NISA, for 1995.

That will give farmers some sense of security while work continues on
the final program, said Earl Geddes, executive secretary of the national
committee that has been working on the issue.

"We've got a deadline of November to deliver a package of programs that
fit the industry and government's ability to support the industry," he
said.

Dairy, chicken and egg producers are the only farmers who won't be
covered. "They feel that the current supply-managed system provides them a
fair level of income stabilization, and at this point they're not asking
to be part of the NISA program or safety net."

Whole farm refers to the idea of tying a program to farm income and not
some specific commodity, a change forced by the new General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade. Under NISA, set up in 1991, farmers contribute during
good years, based on their income, with the federal and provincial
governments matching contributions. Farmers can take the money out in lean
times. They also will still have crop insurance, and most will also have
the gross revenue insurance plan to fall back on if times get really hard.

But some producer groups hear a lot of talk from the federal government
about severely cutting support to agriculture and fear NISA may eventually
be the only big-ticket item Ottawa is willing to support.

"We think there are some big problems with NISA and if you make it
bigger you just make the problems bigger," said Jim Robbins, the National
Farmers Union representative working on Mr. Geddes's committee. CP

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Where have India's farmer leaders gone?

BYLINE: Harish Damodaran

LENGTH: 730  words


Almost everyone agrees Indian agriculture is in crisis. And while 2014-15 may
have produced the "perfect storm" by way of sliding global commodity prices,
monsoon failures and untimely rains/hailstorms, this is a crisis that's been
building up for long.

But that raises a question: Given the extended "crisis" in farming, why do we
have so few farmer leaders of standing today? This, for a country with a history
of agrarian activism going back to Sir Chhotu Ram in undivided Punjab,
Sahajanand Saraswati in Bihar, Baldev Ram Mirdha in Rajasthan, Charan Singh in
UP, N G Ranga in Andhra - and, more recently, the likes of Mahendra Singh
Tikait, M D Nanjundaswamy and Sharad Joshi?

By contrast, one cannot name any notable ground-level mobilisers of farmers now.
The influence of Raju Shetti and V M Singh is confined to the sugarcane belts of
southern Maharashtra and western UP respectively. Other self-appointed 'farm
leaders' have no base among those they claim to speak for, and draw sustenance
more from agri-business corporates or European aid agencies.

What explains this decline in autonomous, grassroots-based farmers' movements -
remember Tikait's Boat Club rallies that used to bring Lutyens' Delhi to a halt
in the 80s? Shouldn't crises be breeding ground for new generations of
farmer-activists, rather than creating a vacuum for the Rahul Gandhis and the
Arvind Kejriwals to rush into?

Well, the reason this isnt happening is probably because the current "crisis" in
agriculture is different from the earlier ones.

In the past, Indian farmers largely saw a future, both for themselves and their
children, in agriculture. The increase in crop yields from the Green Revolution
and rising disposable incomes made agriculture a worthwhile career option,
notwithstanding the occasional crop failure or price slump. Having experienced
upward mobility through modern intensive agriculture, they developed a
collective consciousness to defend these gains. Movements thrive when
participants have a stake in the cause they believe is worth fighting for. When
the farm sector was doing reasonably well and options outside of agriculture
were limited, it was natural for farmers to assert against any perceived
injustices and rally behind leaders from within their own ranks.

That situation has changed. Between 2003-04 and 2013-14, thanks to the global
commodity boom, rural incomes went up - but it also fuelled rising aspirations
in a context of overall economic growth creating employment opportunities
outside of agriculture. A 2003 NSSO situation assessment study revealed that 40%
of Indian farmers would rather "take up some other career". In the following
years, they, perhaps for the first time, actually saw exit options open up.

The nature of farmers'  demands, too, has evolved in recent times to reflect
their non-agricultural aspirations. Not many now envisage a future for their
children or even themselves as agriculturalists. While retaining one foot in
farming, the old commitment and motivation - extending to laying siege to the
national/state capitals for weeks over power tariffs or minimum support prices -
is missing. When agriculture per se is no longer viewed as an avenue for upward
mobility, it shouldn't surprise that even the odd farmer agitation is centered
more on issues of land acquisition or job reservations, as against remunerative
prices for crops.

The protests against the Land Acquisition Ordinance is precisely because of
farmers' willingness to explore options outside of agriculture, while, at the
same time, not forgoing their bargaining power with respect to pricing of land.
That power is what the dilution of the "consent clause" in the 2013 Act is seen
to be taking away.

The farmer knows his land has value beyond the crops it produces. It is unlocked
when put to non-agricultural uses, and the bighas get converted into square feet
of real estate. This new value can't be captured only by a quadrupling of
so-called market rates.

Farmers' movements could yet get a fresh lease of life - even though the issues
might not be "agrarian" in the conventional sense. The government is partially
right to say that farm suicides or falling crop realisations have little to do
with the Land Ordinance. But to the extent it has become a rallying point for
"real" farm issues to also emerge, technical distinctions may have only limited
relevance.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 30, 2011 Friday

Nigeria: Third National Fadama Development Project (Fadama III)

LENGTH: 503  words


Project ID: P096572
Project Status: Active
Approval Date 01-JUL-2008
Closing Date 31-DEC-2013
Region Africa
Major Sector (Sector) (%) Agriculture, fishing, and forestry (Crops) (28%)


Agriculture, fishing, and forestry (General agriculture, fishing and forestry
sector) (21%)
Industry and trade (Agricultural marketing and trade) (20%)
Health and other social services (Other social services) (17%)
Agriculture, fishing, and forestry (Agricultural extension and research) (14%)

Themes (%) Other rural development (11%)
Water resource management (11%)
Rural services and infrastructure (43%)
Land administration and management (13%)
Participation and civic engagement (22%)
Environmental Category B
Bank Team Lead Adubi, Abimbola
Borrower/Recipient FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
Implementing Agency FEDERAL MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE & RURAL DEVELOPMENT
The development objective of Third National Fadama Development (Fadama III)
Project for Nigeria is to sustain ably increase the incomes of fadama users. By
increasing their incomes, the project will help reduce rural poverty, increase
food security and contribute to the achievement of a key millennium development
goal. The project aims at sustainably increasing the incomes of Fadama resource
users by directly delivering resources to the beneficiary rural communities,
efficiently and effectively, and empowering them to collectively decide on how
resources are allocated and managed for their livelihood activities and to
participate in the design and execution of their subprojects. There are six
components to the project. The first component of the project is capacity
building, local government, and communications and information support. This
component will include: (a) capacity building support for community
organizations; (b) capacity building support to local governments; and (c)
communications and information support. The second component of the project is
small-scale community-owned infrastructure. Despite recent successes in
addressing the infrastructure constraint through Fadama I and Fadama II
projects, much more remains to be done to improve existing low levels of
infrastructure and services. Grant resources will be allocated annually to each
of the participating Fadama community associations (FCAs) for implementing
priority demand-driven community-owned productive infrastructure investments of
the public good type. The third component of the project is advisory services
and input support. Under this component the project will finance: (a) advisory
services - the project will provide support to empower fadama users
farmers/pastoralists and other economic interest groups (EIGs) working within
their organizations and through their local government councils (LGAs) to
purchase advisory services from both public and private sources; and (b) input
support - this facility involves the adoption of new technology by the farmers
to enhance their financial capacity to purc

country :Nigeria
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              May 5, 2009 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Scheme expected to butcher farmers - RUDD'S ETS BACKFLIP

BYLINE: Asa Wahlquist, Rural writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 459 words


AGRICULTURE would be the industry hardest hit if it were to be included in the
emissions trading scheme, according to a report by the Rural Industries Research
and Development Corporation.

The report, prepared by the Centre for International Economics, estimates for
the first time the cost of the ETS on individual farms. It found there would be
cost increases for all sectors, with livestock the worst hit.

Farm cash income for the average beef farm would fall by more than 60 per cent
at a carbon price of $25 a tonne, or 125 per cent at a carbon price of
$50/tonne.

The income of the average sheep farm would fall by 45 per cent and 78 per cent
respectively; the falls in dairy income would be 35 per cent and 69 per cent;
and for wheat and other crops 15 per cent and 30 per cent.

Horticulture would suffer the least impact.

Even if agriculture were not included in the ETS, it would still face higher
costs for inputs such as petrol, electricity, chemicals and other goods and
services, the report says.

Agriculture produces 16 per cent of Australia's greenhouse gas emissions. A
decision on whether the industry is included in the ETS will be made in 2013,
and it could then be included in 2015.

CIE executive director, David Pearce, said agriculture would face big
adjustments if included in the ETS. He said the point of emissions trading was
to create incentives for emitters to change their behaviour and reduce their
emissions.

He said farmers had several options for adjustment, including changing their
product mix or even leaving agriculture, increasing productivity, tree planting,
research into reducing methane emissions from cattle and sheep, and increasing
soil carbon.

More research was needed on all the options.

Mr Pearce said the report assumed a carbon price was applied to Australian
agriculture, ``but not elsewhere in the world''.

``There just isn't any evidence at the moment that other countries are planning
to include agriculture in their abatement schemes,'' he said.

And it was difficult for Australian farmers to pass on cost increases, because
most of our agricultural products were exported, Mr Pearce said.

National Farmers Federation acting president Charles Burke said the report
showed an ETS could devastate agriculture.

The scheme ``is inappropriate for driving mitigation from the agriculture sector
and could decimate the future of Australian food and fibre production''.

Mr Burke said an ETS would put ``an unbearable strain'' on agricultural exports,
which were worth $30 billion a year.

``Further, with over 300,000 Australian jobs directly employed in our farm
sector and over 1.5million jobs dependent on farm production throughout the
economy, we would face the very real prospect of an economy-wide shutdown,'' he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              April 8, 2013 Monday

'Veterinarians role in public health' meet held

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, April 8 -- A seminar on "Changing roles of veterinarian in public
health" was held at the Odisha Veterinary Council hall at Sahidnagar jointly by
the Odisha Livestock Development Society (OLDS) and the Odisha Veterinary
Council (OVC). The Seminar was attended by more than 100 retired veterinarians.

Minister of Agriculture, Fisheries, Animal Resources Development Debi Prasad
Mishra emphasised on increasing the livelihood income of farmers through
livestock development programmes such as proper breeding procedure, timely
vaccination against diseases and low-cost nutritive food. He gave details of
information about the steps undertaken by the State Government for development
of agriculture and animal husbandry through different schemes. He explained
about the new Agriculture Policy of the State as well as the special Agriculture
Budget of the State for the benefit of the marginal farmers. He also explained
about inclusion of animal resource and fishery development in the new policy to
boost income generation and achieve poverty reduction.

The meeting was presided over by OVC and OLDS president Prof SK Ray, PowerPoint
Presentations were made by Prof SK Panda, Prof N Sahoo, Dr Jyotshna Sabat, Dr
Balaram Sahu and Dr RK Das. Earlier, Dr Balaram Sahu had delivered a welcome
address while the meeting concluded with a vote of thanks by OLDS secretary Dr
RK Mohanty. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 6, 2010 Wednesday

Tunnel farming to boost farmer's income in FATA

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Jan. 06 -- PESHAWAR, Tunnel farming will make it possible for farmers
in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) to ensure the market
availability of vegetables 45 to 60 days before the commencement of the actual
season thus considerably boosting their income generated from these off-seasonal
vegetable sales.This was said by Shah Jehan, Director Agriculture (Extension)
FATA.Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA has embarked on an initiative
to disseminate essential know-how pertinent to tunnel farming among progressive
farmers hailing from FATA.In order to optimally capitalize on the usefulness and
productivity offered by this modern farming technique, Directorate of
Agriculture (Extension) FATA arranged a training program in collaboration with
the Agri. Business Project for their management and field staff which in turn
would provide technical and practical support to farmers in developing their
skills and expertise in tunnel farming.As an outcome of this ToT/capacity
building and skill development measure, the trainees are now better equipped to
understand how tunnel farming helps produce a consistent yield of agri products
by overcoming seasonal and weather limitations.A relatively fresh practice of
growing off-season vegetables under protective environment, it has been
successfully introduced and implemented under the Agri.

Business Project of the Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA.Exemplifying
the effectiveness of such farming techniques, more traditional farmers have
turned towards sharing the knowledge and experience of the tunnel farmers in
order to get practically involved and reap the benefits out of this
revolutionary farming innovation.Director, Agriculture (Extension) FATA, Shah
Jehan, while referring to the Agri Business Project said; "We are extensively
looking at providing human, financial and technical support services in tunnel
farming to progressive farmers in a bid to help them grow off-season vegetables
and leverage their income levels."He further added that capacity building of
farmers for making their own decisions for better crop management and bolstering
agricultural produce were their core priority areas.Group Training Officer,
Muhammad Irfan Khan, while sharing his knowledge with the participants said that
by adopting and promoting tunnel farming, farmers would be able to enhance their
incomes by getting production up to 60 per cent more than traditional farming.
He further said that the use of tunnel farming could also increase per acre
yield for farmers and reduce cost of growing crops.Khurshid Alam, Planning
Officer, Directorate of Agriculture (Extension) FATA briefed about the planning
that has been done so far for the overall improvement and development of
agriculture in FATA, adding that several initiatives had been launched while
more are in the pipeline. 20 Agriculture Officers and 40 Field Assistants
participated and were awarded with certificates at the conclusion of the ToT
workshop. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Red Deer Express (Alberta)

                             June 26, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Clearing up our dilemma

BYLINE: Dorene A. Rew, Red Deer Express

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 553  words


I read your editorial comment (June 19) and thought I might clear up some of
your puzzlement.

The whole problem began when the Canadian government decided that Canada should
get with the latest trend to globalization of the economy.

Canada signed treaties such as NAFTA (North American Free trade Agreement) and a
bunch of similar so called economic agreements which really are not what they
seemed at the time. But that's another story.

The part you are interested in involves agriculture.

The federal government, without any consultation with the people, decided that
if Canada was going to compete on a global scale we would have to sacrifice the
small farmer and promote corporate agriculture.

The success of this quasi-secret plan is shown in a 2002 StatsCan study which
revealed that Industrial Farms were up by 2.9 per cent and Family Farms down by
12 per cent.

The total number of farms in Canada is falling every year and so is farm income.
In May of this year StatsCan reported that 2003 farm income was now at the worst
level in 25 years.

After reading the 2002 report I wrote a letter to the then federal agriculture
minister to ask him why he was not changing his policies when they were
obviously not benefiting small farmers and I was told, in carefully couched
words, that it was the government's job to promote businesses that could survive
in a global economy - ergo, programs directed at industrial agriculture.

How wrong this idea was became increasingly clear following the BSE crisis;
however, farm policy under the present federal agriculture minister, Speller,
apparently remains the same.

Both federal and Alberta program dollars flowed mainly to large cattle
operations, feed lots and multinational packing companies.

A big chunk of this money, as an NDP study (e-mailed to me from Brian Mason's
desk on June 14) says, improved the bottom line for Tyson Foods/Lakeside Packers
and Cargill.

Tyson Food's Canadian Lakeside operation fattened the company's very poor bottom
line in the US at the same time small cattle operators in Alberta were hitting
rock bottom for income

I agree wholeheartedly with the cattlemen who want to test every cow (the
customer is always right), have their own packing houses and focus on markets
other than the US.

At the same time I believe the federal and Alberta governments will do some
serious foot dragging to prevent any move away from their present set course -
even if it's wrong and is not working.

The reason: both the Liberals and the new Conservatives seem to be brainwashed
into believing that 'deeper integration' with the US - which includes adopting
the Star Wars defense program, signing the FTTA (Free Trade Treaty of the
Americas) and promoting corporate agriculture will solve all our problems.

Had they consulted Canadians they would have found, as a March 31st Ipsos-Reid
poll did, that most of us want to be able to set our own economic course and
have more, not less, control over our own destiny.

Fortunately for us, this is a federal election year and Mr. Klein is threatening
to call one as well in the fall. So we will have a wonderful chance to express
our displeasure with the status quo at the polling booth.

And, failing a change in the government, we can always have a massive popular
uprising.

I hope what I said was helpful.

Dorene A. Rew

Red Deer

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Red Deer Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Crop prices and income distribution

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Karachi


It is also argued that subsequently the increase in rural income will not only
support the industrial and service sectors through higher consumption, but will
also benefit the poor through trickle down phenomenon.

The higher commodity prices provide incentive to growers to bring more acreage
under cultivation; generally there exists a direct and positive correlation
between procurement, support or expected crop prices and the supply.

The pertinent concern here, however, is to explore how benefits of rising crop
prices are distributed among rural households. Due to the paucity of relevant
panel micro level farm data, no systematic study is available to verify the
general perception that the policy of support price improves rural income
distribution; eventually income disparity in rural areas has widened as a result
of rising crop prices.

It is argued that

o Incomes from the crop sector are roughly proportional to the distribution of
land which is quite skewed and as such any stimulus to the crop sector would
help large landlords more than small farmers.

o Only 34pc of the rural population is engaged in the crop sector, and a vast
majority of them are small landholders. This means that only a small proportion
of population in the rural areas stands to gain from increasing crop prices.

o The transfer of additional cash has widened income disparity in rural society
even if many small farmers have also benefited from the soaring crop prices
because the 'trickle down' has been uneven and limited.

In the case of the wheat crop, the contention of `marketable surplus' is often
cited to strengthen the argument of worsening rural income distribution due to
the rising prices.

The Pakistan Agricultural Prices Commission (Apcom) has conducted a survey in
the major wheat surplus districts in Sindh in 1997 and in Punjab in 1998.
According to this study (Dorosh and Salam 2006), only eight and 11pc share in
total sale of wheat crop goes to small farmers 12.5 acres) in Sindh and Punjab
respectively. Dorosh and Salam (2006) did not disaggregate the share of farmers
with land up to five acres, which is in fact the target group for poverty
reduction strategies.

An attempt is also made to explore the trickle down phenomenon in terms of rural
wages. Pakistan Labour Force Surveys (LFS) records wages in overall agriculture
(agriculture, livestock, hunting, forestry, logging and fishing) sector as well
as wages of market oriented skilled and subsistence agricultural and fishery
workers. To monitor the trend in rural wages since 1991, LFS data is used for
plotting monthly nominal and real (adjusted with CPI) wages. Charts 5.4 furnish
the trend for overall agriculture sector and for skilled workers respectively.

According to the chart, real wages for overall agriculture sector have declined
in the 90s and since then are almost stagnant. However, an upward trend is
observed in the case of skilled agriculture workers in the first half decade of
2000s, while in the later half a slight declining trend is evident. Thus the
initial analysis of trends in rural wages apparently does not indicate the
existence of the trickle down phenomenon.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                December 4, 2000

Farm woes grow

SECTION: Business & Employment: Companies, Pg.23

LENGTH: 128 words


NOTTS farmers are seeing no let-up in the fight to keep their businesses going.

Peter Gadd, Notts NFU chairman, who farms at Stragglethorpe, said incomes had
been hit by the high level of sterling, cheap imports and difficulty in getting
a fair price for produce.

His comments came after the Ministry of Agriculture Fisheries and Food said farm
incomes were forecast to fall by 27% this year. In real terms income has fallen
by 72% since 1995.

Mr Gadd said this was the fifth successive year of falling incomes.

"The latest bad news comes as no surprise given the economic backdrop against
which farmers have been working."

Agriculture Minister Nick Brown admitted the industry faced acute difficulties,
including the continuing strength of the pound.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                 March 1, 2016

From clean to green India

LENGTH: 834  words


Agriculture sector budget almost doubled to Rs 44,485 crore

New Delhi CARE Ratings Amid growing farm distress due to two straight years of
poor monsoon, the government on Monday announced a major thrust for agriculture
sector in the Budget by almost doubling allocation to Rs 44,485 crore and
raising credit target to a record Rs 9 lakh crore.



Of the Budget allocation for the 2016-17, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has
provided Rs 15,000 crore for interest subvention on farm credit, Rs 5,500 crore
for crop insurance scheme, Rs 815 crore to promote dairy and allied sector and
Rs 500 crore to boost pulses output.

To fund agri-initiatives, the government also imposed a Kisan Kalyan cess at 0.5
per cent on all taxable services from June. As the government seeks to double
farmers' income by 2022, Jaitley said soil health card will be provided to all
14 crore farmers by March 2017 and an unified e-agri market would be launched on
April 14.

With the agriculture being a victim of vagaries of monsoon, the Finance Minister
put a major emphasis on creating robust irrigation facilities and announced a
plan to set up a long-term irrigation fund with a corpus of Rs 20,000 crore. "We
are grateful to our farmers for being the backbone of the country's food
security. We need to think beyond food security and give back to our farmers a
sense of income security," Jaitley said in his Budget speech.

The Centre would reorient its intervention in farm and non-farm sectors to
double farmers' income by 2022, he said. Asserting that a special focus has been
given to ensure adequate and timely flow of credit to farmers, the minister
said: "Against the target of Rs 8.5 lakh crore in 2015-16, the target of
agricultural credit in 2016-17 will be alltime high of Rs 9 lakh crore."

To reduce the burden of loan repayment on farmers, he said a provision of Rs
15,000 crore has been made in the budgetary estimate of 2016-17 towards interest
subvention. The allocation for interest subvention is now part of the
Agriculture Ministry. Earlier, it was reflected in the Finance Ministry
allocation, an official said, adding that the total budget of the Agri Ministry
has risen sharply for 2016- 17.

Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said it is a progressive and profarmer
budget as the allocation under various schemes has been increased substantially
for 2016-17. "It is such a good budget that even Opposition will find difficult
to criticise it," he added. Minister of State for Agriculture Sanjeev Balyan
said higher allocation coupled with initiatives like crop insurance scheme and
e-marketing would help reduce the farm distress.

The impact of setting up of irrigation facilities will go a long way in solving
the problem of farmers on account of weather uncertainties. He said these steps
coupled with a good monsoon could help farm sector grow at 4 per cent next
fiscal. Eminent farm scientist and father of Green Revolution M S Swaminathan
said, "Giving an income orientation to farming is probably the most significant
announcement by the Finance Minister. On the whole, Budget 2016 has tried to be
as pro-farmer as possible." India faced drought for two consecutive years due to
poor monsoon, resulting in lower foodgrains production and higher prices of
pulses. Some cases of farmer suicides were reported in states like Maharashtra
and Andhra Pradesh. The Union Budget has tried to be 'pro-farmer as possible'
and seeds have been sown for agricultural transformation, noted agriculture
scientist M S Swaminathan stated on Monday. "The budget has tried to be as
pro-farmer as possible subject to the limitation of resources. Seeds have been
sown for agricultural transformation and for attracting and retaining youth in
farming," he said in a statement. Pointing to the economic survey which had said
that the contribution of agriculture and allied sectors were "declining", he
said "it is in this context the emphasis on income becomes urgent".

For achieving income enhancement in agriculture sector there needed five several
steps - higher productivity of small firms, knowledge, skill and land ownership
empowerment of women farmers, substitution of low value crops with high value
ones like fruits, vegetables.

There has to be promotion of biomass utilisation so that every part of the plant
is utilised for preparing value added products through initiatives. The
procurement price should be based on the National Commission on Farmers
proposal, he said.

Stating that 2016 has been declared as International Year of Pulses, Swaminathan
said, India would be importing nearly 10 million tonnes of pulses to bridge the
gap between demand and supply.

"It is therefore appropriate that the Finance Minister has provided Rs 500 crore
for a special pulses mission," he said. The 0.5 per cent Krishi Kalyan Cess on
taxable services will be utilised for farmer's welfare is appropriate since the
Finance Minister emphasised that agriculture and farmers' welfare be first among
the nine pillars of the budget, he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

Mower County farmland acreage up 2% over five years

BYLINE: Mike Klein, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Feb. 6--With corn and grain prices soaring, the number of acres being farmed in
Mower County rose 2 percent between 2002 and 2007, to 419,889 acres.

The county's number of farmers remained at 1,088, and the average size farm
increased 2 percent to 386 acres, according to the U.S. Census of Agriculture
released this week. The census is taken every five years.

In fact, Dodge, Mower, Goodhue and Fillmore counties all reported their highest
number of farmland acres in at least 15 years in 2007, the census said.

Why? With food prices on the rise, farm income was at $13 billion statewide in
2007, up 54 percent from the previous census in 2002. In Mower County, income
increased 61 percent.

But many costs also rose: Fuel and fertilizer expenses were up 90 percent,
according to the Minnesota Department of Agriculture.

Statewide, the amount of cropland was down 2 percent, and the number of farms
was virtually unchanged. Minnesota remained the seventh-leading agriculture
state.

"These numbers underscore the value of agriculture not only here in Minnesota
but also our ability to compete in the global agricultural marketplace,"
Minnesota Agriculture Commission Gene Hugoson said.

The value of agriculture products sold in Mower County was $288 million, ranking
12th among the state's 87 counties.

While neighboring counties saw an increase, Olmsted County suffered a 5 percent
drop in farmland acres and a 1 percent drop in farms, partly because more land
was taken for development.

Olmsted has a large number of small farmers; 445 of its 1,384 farms had sales of
less than $1,000.

The eastern counties bordering the Mississippi River also saw drops in farmland
acreage -- 4 percent in Houston County and 2 percent in Winona and Wabasha
counties. The number of farms was up 7 percent in Winona County, as it added
many small farms.

Those three woodland-heavy counties have proportionately less cropland than the
rest of the region. Cropland accounts for 52 percent of Houston County, 63
percent of Winona County and 69 percent of Wabasha County.

By contrast, Mower County has 93 percent cropland and Dodge County has 91
percent.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090206-RC-Mower-County-farmland-acreage-up-2-over-five-years-0206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           January 26, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farm issues fertile ground for Easter

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Kevin Hursh; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 634  words


To its credit, the federal government is taking a serious look at declining farm
income levels.

The task has fallen to Wayne Easter, the parliamentary secretary to Agriculture
Minister Andy Mitchell.

Parliamentary secretaries are usually obscure. In the case of Easter, a former
president of the National Farmers' Union, he's highly visible and well regarded.
Mitchell and Easter seem to be taking a tag-team approach to the broad portfolio
of agriculture.

These are familiar issues for Easter. The P.E.I. farmer should be much better
versed on most issues than Mitchell, a former banker.

Easter is on the left side of the political spectrum. His views are probably
more in line with the NDP than the Liberals. But extreme views tend to be
moderated by the reality of being in government.

Easter is trying to stay out of the never-ending debate on farm safety nets.
There are other forums for arguing about increased government assistance and
better designs for programs such as Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization
(CAIS).

INCOMES DROP TO RECORD LOW

Despite increasing government assistance, farm income levels are in the tank.
The realized net farm income for 2003 was a negative number nationally. That's
never happened before.

Easter is focusing on the declining share of the consumer food dollar that's
ending up in the pockets of producers. Increasingly, farmers seem to lack power
in the marketplace. Even though agricultural exports have steadily increased,
farm incomes have steadily dropped.

Some are questioning the value of export-oriented policies. However, it's hard
to see how fewer exports would be a good thing for producers.

So, after Easter's investigation, what are the resulting observations and
recommendations likely to be?

Easter will probably recommend, as have others before him, that the Pest
Management Regulatory Agency (PMRA) needs to be streamlined and accountable so
that Canadian farmers have access to the same crop protection products as
farmers in competing nations.

Harmonization of product registrations has long been discussed, but other
countries still have access to less expensive, more effective products than
Canada. It shouldn't have to be that way.

Easter will also hear and subsequently report that producers need to have
influence further along the value chain. There are usually profits to be made
somewhere between the producer and the consumer. Participating in the value
chain is important to improve farm returns.

GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS UNLIKELY

Concentration in many facets of agriculture has reduced competition and left
farmers with few marketing options. One benefit of the BSE crisis is the
realization by beef producers that they need to take more control of their
industry. Some initiatives will fail, but others look promising.

Before he became a Liberal MP, Easter would probably have advocated the strong
arm of government as a way to give farmers more control in the marketplace.
After all, that's the model in supply-managed agriculture and there's little
doubt that dairy and poultry farmers have enjoyed more stable income levels. In
fact, this is the type of advice coming from Easter's friends in the National
Farmers' Union.

However, Easter will likely resist the temptation for government-imposed
solutions. Outside of supply management, even if a lot of producers are losing
their shirts, there's little support for government interference in the
marketplace.

The most likely result will be recommendations to encourage and support farmer
investment and involvement beyond the farm gate, while also cutting farm input
costs wherever possible.

Hopefully, Easter's report will also contain some surprises and innovative
thinking as well as a tangible action plan. No one should expect quick and easy
solutions, but his report is eagerly anticipated.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                               May 7, 2012 Monday

How normal monsoon could impact agriculture, inflation, income & storage

BYLINE: Mishita Mehra

SECTION: INDIA BUSINESS

LENGTH: 865 words


Last week, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) released its first annual
monsoon forecast for June-September . Monsoons are likely to be normal with the
probability of deficient or excessive monsoons being relatively low, according
to IMD. If this prediction comes true, what does this really mean for India's
economy? Impact on agricultural output: The first and most important impact is,
of course, on agricultural production, especially in the kharif or summer
season. "This is because about 55% of cropped area is dependent on monsoon rains
and does not have irrigation support," says Chetan Ahya, MD, Morgan Stanley
Research.

While the impact on summer crops may be more direct, there is also an indirect
impact on rabi (winter) crops like wheat and oilseeds. "Rainfall during
June-September season impacts ground water and reservoir levels and is also
critical for irrigation of rabi crops," says Ramesh Chand, director, National
Centre for Agricultural Economics and Policy (NCAP).

Variations across time and space:

However , the impact of rainfall on agricultural production also varies
depending on how rainfall is distributed across states and the distribution over
the months. For instance , despite good monsoons in 2011-12 , production of
oilseeds, pulses and coarse cereals was low as the spread of rainfall in the
western belt was affected, points out Ashok Gulati, chairman, Commission for
Agricultural Costs and Prices (CACP). "To assess the impact of monsoons on crop
output, one has to look at rainfall in each zone and the cropping pattern
there," he adds. The great drought of 2009 points to another case where food
grain production actually marginally increased compared to the 2003 drought when
food grain production declined by 17%. This was because the 2009 drought was
concentrated in areas around Punjab and western UP and crop output here wasn't
as affected as these are heavily irrigated regions.

There could also be below normal rainfall in the initial months of the season
followed by above normal monsoons in the last two months. A delayed monsoon may
lead to delayed sowing, thereby impacting yields.

Impact on inflation:

With agriculture contributing to 17% of India's GDP and providing employment to
58% of the population, any impact of monsoons on agricultural growth would feed
into prices, incomes and GDP growth. Food inflation was already around 10% in
March.

A recent Barclays report by Siddhartha Sanyal says that "apart from one spike in
January 2011 (mainly due to vegetable prices), normal rainfall tends to have a
moderating effect on agriculture prices" . The report also says that due to two
largely regular monsoon seasons in the past two years, certain agriculture
products like cereal and cotton have seen relatively lower inflation after the
2009 drought.

According to assessments of crop production released by the agriculture ministry
earlier this year, India is estimated to have witnessed a record production of
rice, wheat and cotton in 2011-12 and experts say a favourable monsoon in 2012
would ensure that the prices of these would remain stable or go down.

But a normal monsoon is not the only factor. "Food inflation is due to articles
like vegetable, fruits and milk which depend on the demand side of the economy
and monsoons have a much lower impact on these," says YK Alagh, an agriculture
expert. And government policy plays a big part too. If the government accepts
the CACP recommendations of an increase in the minimum price to be paid to
farmers, prices could be pushed higher as well.

Impact on income:

Economists say the relationship between monsoons and rural incomes is tenuous at
best and the impact on income varies from crop to crop. For instance according
to NCAP's Chand, in years of good monsoons, farmers tend to shift towards
production of high-income crops like rice and wheat from low-income crops like
coarse cereals so there is definitely some income effect. And a good monsoon,
translated into higher agricultural and rural incomes would potentially keep
consumer spending robust. For instance , according to sources in Hyderabad ,
even in a small taluk HQ in a backward mandal, dealers in John Deere equipment
expect sales to pick up if the monsoons are good.

But an overproduction of crops can lead to a glut in prices like in the case of
potatoes last year. Also, costs of production have been growing at around 15%
p.a. For instance, fertiliser costs have doubled in 2011-12 and labour costs
have gone up by 75% in the past three years so even if normal monsoons and
higher minimum support prices lead to higher farm incomes , the profit margins
needn't be dramatically higher, points out Gulati. So for now the impact on
income and consumption are a conjecture at best.

Impact on storage:

With already record production of food grain estimated last year, normal
monsoons could put further pressure on storage, especially of food grain.
"Storage is already in a crisis situation . By June 1, 2012, there will be 75
million tonnes of food grain stocks while the total storage capacity is less
than 50 million . The rest are more or less exposed to rain damage," says
Gulati.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 26, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Growing Surpluses Extend Drop in Farm Prices

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 18; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 25


Prices for most farm crops continued their decline this year as surpluses of
grain and other commodities grew, and economists say they see no hope of a
recovery in prices before 2001.

"There's not a whole lot of upside potential, basically because of large
supplies," said Mike Kaus, an agricultural economist at Iowa State University.

The nation's net farm income reached $48 billion this year only because of a
record $22.7 billion in crop subsidies and other direct government payments, a
year-end analysis by the Economic Research Service of the United States
Department of Agriculture has found.

The department predicted that net farm income would fall $7.6 billion next year
to $40.4 billion unless Congress stepped in with another multibillion-dollar
bailout, a move that is highly likely in an election year.

Crop sales fell to $95.7 billion in 1999 from $102.2 billion last year. But
receipts from cattle, hogs and poultry edged up to $95 billion from $94.5
billion, driven largely by an increase in beef prices.

Cattle are selling for 67 cents to 69 cents per pound, up from 61 cents a year
ago, and the agriculture department expects the price to reach 73 cents by
spring. Hog prices are also up this year after diving at the end of 1998, but
they are still only at about the cost of production.

Because of the low prices that producers are getting for most other commodities,
one in four agricultural operations probably will not cover its cash expenses
next year, the department says in its 2000 forecast.

Parts of the South and Southeast will be hit especially hard next year "by
dramatic declines in prices for rice and tobacco as well as continued low prices
for corn and soybeans," the agency said.

Farm income is expected to rise in the northern Plains, because of the higher
prices for cattle and the relatively low prices for feed.

That forecast could go out the window if there are widespread crop failures in
the United States or elsewhere that drive commodity prices up.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 22, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

High Farm Income Seen

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 36 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 21


Despite drought, the net cash income of farmers in 1988 is expected to nearly
match or exceed last year's record $57.1 billion, unchanged from the outlook a
month ago, the Agriculture Department said Thursday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 14, 2010 Tuesday

Future of CAP to top agenda during visit by agriculture commissioner

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 403 words


Mr Ciolos will meet with Taoiseach Brian Cowen, Agriculture, Fisheries and Food
Minister Brendan Smith and Community, Equality and Gaeltacht Affairs Minister
Pat Carey.

He will also meet with stakeholders, address a meeting of the Oireachtas Joint
Agriculture Committee and visit a farm.

Mr Ciolos, who has already visited other EU member states, is currently
preparing a radical reform of the CAP for publication in November.

Mr Smith highlighted the need both for a properly resourced common policy and
for continued income support for farmers at a recent meeting with the
commissioner.

"Direct payments form a vitally important role in supporting and stabilising our
farmers' incomes and in rewarding them for the environmental and other benefits
which they produce," Mr Smith said.

"I also underlined the importance of measures to encourage competitiveness and
the adaptation required at farm level to the ending of milk quotas," he said.

Mr Smith said he was pleased to receive a very positive response from the
commissioner on these issues and will continue to convey and discuss Ireland's
concerns to him when he visits Ireland.

During a recent visit to Sweden, Mr Ciolos said the framework for the future
European farm policy must remain "common" because farmers compete in the EU
single market.

But there must remain flexibility to allow for the different specificities of
agriculture in the different member states and regions of the EU.

He said one of the priorities for the future is to maintain an agricultural
presence and the diversity of agriculture in all regions.

"There cannot be a one-size-fits-all approach, but the future set-up of the CAP
must make it clearer to taxpayers of the broader benefits and public goods that
farmers provide through maintaining the land," he said.

Mr Ciolos, meanwhile, is due to address a congress being held by the European
Council of Young Farmers just outside Brussels on Monday next.

The event coincides with an informal Agriculture Council and is an official
event on the agenda of the Belgian presidency of the EU.

European young farmers will outline their vision for a modern and rejuvenated
agriculture to face the many challenges ahead.

Joris Baecke, president, said: "As young farmers we are fully aware that the
ongoing policy developments will affect our futures but also that of European
citizens as a whole. It's about how farming and food will be in the years to
come."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Smith denial over closure of office

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 395 words


AGRICULTURE Minister Brendan Smith took tothe airwaves in his home constituency
at the weekendto refute claims by Fine Gael councillors that there are plans to
shut down a regional Department of Agriculture office in Co Monaghan.

A claim was made at a meeting of Monaghan County Council last week by Fine Gael
representative, Cllr Owen Bannigan, that the Department office in Ballybay is to
be closed down by Christmas.

Mr Bannigan told the county council meeting that staff at the regional office
were informed by "a senior Department official" thatthe office will be shut on
December 15.

However, Minister Smith moved quickly to refute the claims. He told Northern
Sound Radio listeners that there were "absolutely no plans" to shut the Ballybay
office.

"These claims that the office is to be closed are absolute rubbish and they are
utterly wrong," Minister Smith said.

"There are no plans to phase out services at the centre, and it will continue to
provide important facilities for farmers," he added.

Call for advance on this year's SFP

The ICSA has called on Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith to advance on
thisyear's Single Farm Payment (SFP).

ICSA president Gabriel Gilmartin claimed Irish farmers were facing the worst
income crisis since the 1970s and the early release of a proportion of the SFP
was essential for many households.

"The recent release of Family Farm Income figures for 2009 from Teagasc shows
that average farm income is down 30pc compared with last year and 40pc compared
with 2007. This is disastrous and it sends out a real warning that farming is on
the brink of collapse," Mr Gilmartin said.

"The average family farm income for 2009 is just slightly above the dole for a
single person and way below the equivalent family rate forsocial welfare.

"I am calling on the Minister to look for an advance of the Single Farm Payment
to go someway towards meeting the spiralling bills facing farmers," he said.

"These income figures show that current farm-gate prices are totally inadequate
to support farmviability."

Bord Bia spot for ICA's Dennison

The Irish Country women's Association (ICA) national president Anne Maria
Dennison has been appointed to the board of Bord Bia.

Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith said Ms Dennison, as leader of the ICA, would
actas a representative of both rural and urban dwellers and consumers in
general.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

China's income gap widens between urban and rural residents

LENGTH: 320 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

["China's Income Gap Widens Between Urban And Rural Residents" - Xinhua
headline]

Beijing, Sept. 13 (Xinhua) - The income gap between China's urban and rural
residents widened last year, Vice Minister of Agriculture Yin Chengjie said on
Thursday.

The average annual income of urban residents in 2006 was 3.28 times that of
their rural counterparts, up from 3.22 in 2005 and 3.21 in 2004, Yin told a news
conference on agricultural development.

The disposable income per capita of urban residents reached 11,759 yuan last
year and that of rural people grew to 3,587 yuan, both up 6.7 per cent after
taking inflation into account.

"China's farmers have been getting rich fairly fast, yet still slower than urban
citizens," said the official, who also admitted it was "very hard" to help
farmers increase their income.

According to the conference, the growth rate of the income of China's farmers
has risen by more than six per cent for the past three consecutive years and hit
13 per cent in the first half of 2007, the highest rise since 1995.

Yin said the income increase was due to the higher prices of farm products, the
development of township enterprises and a package of policies and measures on
boosting agriculture issued by the central government.

The country has been increasing investment in rural areas to narrow the income
gap between rural and urban residents, and implementing the strategy of
developing the western regions of China, according to the National Development
and Reform Commission.

A system that provides basic living allowances to low-income people is being set
up to improve living and working conditions and will be expanded to cover all
rural areas across the country this year from the current 25 provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1146 gmt 13 Sep 07

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                              July 7, 2000 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Aid deal promises to make farming less risky

BYLINE: Chris Morris, Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: FREDERICTON


FREDERICTON -- Canada's agriculture ministers have signed a multibillion-dollar
agreement designed to take at least some of the uncertainty out of the risky
business of farming.

Federal Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief said Wednesday the three-year
agreement will provide federal and provincial funding worth as much as $5.5
billion and establish a framework for stability on the farm.

``Although there's still more work to be done, I believe that today's agreement
marks an important milestone in farm income support,'' Vanclief said during the
annual meeting of agriculture ministers in Fredericton.

The agreement, which comes into effect this year, isn't complete. The ministers
still have to work out the details of an income disaster program to compensate
farmers devastated by natural catastrophes such as floods, drought and the
vagaries of commodity markets.

The need for such protection was underscored this week by a sudden, intense rain
storm that flattened crops in parts of the Prairies.

The southwestern Saskatchewan village of Vanguard was inundated with 333
millimetres of rain, more than a year's worth in just 10 hours.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Dwain Lingenfelter, who announced he is
quitting politics this week, said it's too early to say if Vanguard farmers will
qualify for the new farm safety net program.

He said the extent of the damage will have to be assessed.

But Lingenfelter, like the other provincial ministers, was enthusiastic about
the aid package.

``This framework will add hope and optimism to the farm community in
Saskatchewan,'' he said. ``It's not perfect, but it will go a long way to help
meet the needs.''

Ottawa will provide $3.3 billion and the provinces up to $2.2 billion over the
next three years for a variety of safety net programs, such as crop insurance,
cash advances, an income stabilization account, income disaster protection and a
number of programs aimed specifically at certain provinces.

All farm support programs are cost-shared between Ottawa and the provinces. For
every $60 Ottawa puts in, the provinces must add $40.

Ernie Hardeman, Ontario's agriculture minister, said the agreement finally
recognizes Ontario's demand for a fairer share of safety net funding.

Over the past year, Hardeman and Premier Mike Harris have fought for a bigger
piece of the pie, based on the fact Ontario contributes almost 25 per cent of
Canada's agriculture and food production.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2000 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

'84 Farm Income Record

                          January 29, 1986, Wednesday

Compiled by Gordon F. Light

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Even though farmers have endured a well-publicized financial crunch for the last
five years, with slashes in land prices and credit ratings, 1984 was a record
year for net farm income, according to a new report. The Agriculture Department
said that ''Net farm income in 1984 was a record $34.5 billion, slightly above
the previous record of $34.4 billion of 1973 and more than double the $15
billion of 1983.'' Part of the reason that farmers did so well in '84 is the way
the department calculates net farm income, with a major income allowance for
enhanced farm inventories.

SECTION: IN THE NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 97 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1986 American Banker, Inc.


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

Doubling farmers' income: State alleges contradiction in Centre's approach

LENGTH: 383  words

DATELINE: BENGALURU


BENGALURU, Oct. 26 -- There is a contradiction in the approach of the Narendra
Modi government which has declared that it will double farmers' income by 2022,
according to Karnataka Agriculture Minister Krishna Byre Gowda.


 "On the one hand, the Centre says it wants to double farmers' income. But on
the other, it has kept the prices of food crops under check by denying due
increase in the minimum support prices (MSP) in tune with inflation rate," Mr.
Gowda said on Tuesday. He was speaking at the southern regional conference of
the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) on strategies
for doubling farmers' income.
 "Having healthy MSP levels is crucial for increasing farmers' income as they
serve as benchmarks to determine market prices for the crops. In the last one
decade, barring the last three years, the MSPs have seen an annual increase of
about 15 per cent, which was above the inflation rate. But the present
government has been effecting annual hike of only about 3 per cent even though
inflation is over 4 per cent," he said.
 Alleging that the Centre was deliberately trying to keep the MSPs for food
crops low to maintain low inflation rate to keep the middle class happy, he
said, "The Centre cannot have this contradiction. It should take a call on
whether to keep the middle class happy at the cost of farmers or double the
income of farmers."
 Later, the Minister told The Hindu that the Centre should ensure that "its
action matches its words" even as he described the declaration to double the
farmers' income as a "noble aspiration". Pointing out that the Centre was
looking at other factors such as increasing productivity, he said it would take
a long time to double the income of farmers if the MSP levels were not
increased.
 Karnataka had already expressed its concerns about such a contradiction in the
Centre's approach, at the national-level meeting of the NABARD, the Minister
said. Making its position clear, the State had also written to the Centre
besides making oral submission to the authorities, seeking an increase in the
MSP levels for various pulses, Mr. Gowda said.
 The Centre should take a call on whether to keep the middle class happy at the
cost of farmers or double the income of farmers.
 Krishna Byre Gowda,Agriculture Minister

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Crop prices and income distribution

LENGTH: 525  words

DATELINE: Karachi


It is also argued that subsequently the increase in rural income will not only
support the industrial and service sectors through higher consumption, but will
also benefit the poor through trickle down phenomenon.

The higher commodity prices provide incentive to growers to bring more acreage
under cultivation; generally there exists a direct and positive correlation
between procurement, support or expected crop prices and the supply.

The pertinent concern here, however, is to explore how benefits of rising crop
prices are distributed among rural households. Due to the paucity of relevant
panel micro level farm data, no systematic study is available to verify the
general perception that the policy of support price improves rural income
distribution; eventually income disparity in rural areas has widened as a result
of rising crop prices.

It is argued that

o Incomes from the crop sector are roughly proportional to the distribution of
land which is quite skewed and as such any stimulus to the crop sector would
help large landlords more than small farmers.

o Only 34pc of the rural population is engaged in the crop sector, and a vast
majority of them are small landholders. This means that only a small proportion
of population in the rural areas stands to gain from increasing crop prices.

o The transfer of additional cash has widened income disparity in rural society
even if many small farmers have also benefited from the soaring crop prices
because the 'trickle down' has been uneven and limited.

In the case of the wheat crop, the contention of `marketable surplus' is often
cited to strengthen the argument of worsening rural income distribution due to
the rising prices.

The Pakistan Agricultural Prices Commission (Apcom) has conducted a survey in
the major wheat surplus districts in Sindh in 1997 and in Punjab in 1998.
According to this study (Dorosh and Salam 2006), only eight and 11pc share in
total sale of wheat crop goes to small farmers 12.5 acres) in Sindh and Punjab
respectively. Dorosh and Salam (2006) did not disaggregate the share of farmers
with land up to five acres, which is in fact the target group for poverty
reduction strategies.

An attempt is also made to explore the trickle down phenomenon in terms of rural
wages. Pakistan Labour Force Surveys (LFS) records wages in overall agriculture
(agriculture, livestock, hunting, forestry, logging and fishing) sector as well
as wages of market oriented skilled and subsistence agricultural and fishery
workers. To monitor the trend in rural wages since 1991, LFS data is used for
plotting monthly nominal and real (adjusted with CPI) wages. Charts 5.4 furnish
the trend for overall agriculture sector and for skilled workers respectively.

According to the chart, real wages for overall agriculture sector have declined
in the 90s and since then are almost stagnant. However, an upward trend is
observed in the case of skilled agriculture workers in the first half decade of
2000s, while in the later half a slight declining trend is evident. Thus the
initial analysis of trends in rural wages apparently does not indicate the
existence of the trickle down phenomenon.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                               February 18, 2009

Taxation on gross income hugely unfair to farmers

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 571 words


OVER 30,000 farm families showed their anger at the discrimination in the
October Budget by coming out in IFA protest marches and meetings in
Carrick-on-Shannon, Claremorris, Cootehill, Ennis, Blarney and in every county
across the country.

The government's cutbacks in the Disadvantaged Areas scheme have cut the incomes
of 37,000 mainly drystock farmers by    34 million. It is important to stress
that the people who suffered the biggest blow are in fact low-income, full-time
farmers.

It was extremely short-sighted of the government to suspend the two schemes
aimed at improving farm structures and encouraging young farmers into the
industry: the Early Retirement and Installation Aid schemes. Promises to look
after hardship cases, who were applying for these schemes, have come to nothing.
Over 500 farm families registered by IFA and Macra that were lodged with the
Department of Agriculture have so far been ignored.

The government's decision in the Budget to charge the new income levy on "gross
income", before deduction of capital allowances, is blatantly unfair taxation of
farmers. This particularly discriminates against farmers because of the very
large amount of capital investment required to generate a viable income.

The cut in the Suckler Welfare scheme from    80 to    40 per head is another
direct hit on low-income drystock farmers.

The IFA campaign will now move into county council chambers, where we will be
briefing all parties on the direct farm income hit in their counties.

The problems in the main retail banks have reverberated across agriculture.
Right now, farmers are coming into the main time of year when they organise
credit. It is absolutely vital that adequate bank credit is made available for
both working capital and for development. This goes for both the farming sector
and the agri-business sector that serves farming.

With credit volumes linked back to the stronger capital ratios now required of
the banks, the government must therefore move more rapidly on bank
re-capitalisation.

Following a series of cuts by the European Central Bank, interest rates are now
low and expected to fall further. The key three-month inter-bank rate is now
down to 2.15%. However, some interest rates currently being charged by banks to
farmer customers are grossly excessive. Some farmers are being asked to pay 10%
on overdrafts or 7% on term loans.

With the backing of state guarantees and capital, there is a greater onus than
ever on the banks to provide competitive credit to the productive sectors.
Development loans and seasonal credit should be available at 4.5%. The IFA will
actively expose exorbitant interest rates and promote stronger competition
between the banks by equipping farmers with the information they need to
negotiate the best deals.

Fertiliser companies and merchants across the world took farmers to the cleaners
last year. Now the tables have turned, wholesale fertiliser prices have
nose-dived and we are entitled to get the full benefit. Our margins are under
extreme pressure and every Euro saved is a euro earned.

However, international price falls have not been reflected in the prices being
quoted to farmers. There is up to EUR 100 per tonne more being quoted in the
southern half of the country and the west, compared to the Ulster/ North
Leinster region. This is not explained in transport costs and IFA will do
whatever it takes to get prices down to realistic levels.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Eastern Daily Press

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Eastern farming incomes break the £1bn barrier

BYLINE: PR Page Manager 16

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 691 words


Wheat production has overtaken poultry as the largest source of agricultural
income in the East of England, according to the latest government statistics.

The Agriculture in the English Regions report, published by Defra and National
Statistics, says the region broke the £1bn barrier for "total income from
farming" last year - almost a quarter of the national total for England, which
rose by 1.2pc to £4.2bn.



Wheat production in the east brought in £669m, replacing poultry meat production
as the greatest contributor to the total value of farm outputs.

Poultry contributed £641m and the production of pig meat contributed £317m,
which replaces fresh fruit and vegetables as the third greatest contributor.
Fresh vegetables contributed £291m and sugar beet £210m.

Industry experts said the £1bn breakthrough was a significant endorsement of the
region's pivotal importance for the nation's food production - although the
swing from poultry to wheat was more likely to be a temporary shift, resulting
from natural fluctuations in yield, weather and markets.

Andrew Fundell, agri-business consultant and partner at Brown â ¨and Co in
Norwich, said: "These statistics are great for the region, â ¨and output
exceeding £1bn proves how important agriculture is â ¨for the East of England.

"The increase in wheat output can be explained by a combination of factors -
partially by the increase in wheat plantings in the autumn of 2013 compared with
the previous year; there was a 19pc increase in wheat area compared to the 2013
harvest.

"Secondly, the better yields. In general the crops were established in better
conditions than in the previous year. Typically wheat yields were up 20 to 25pc
compared to an average wheat year.

"The reduction in income from poultry and pigs can largely be attributed to the
pressure in pricing that the sector was facing as a result of the reduction in
feed prices.

"This said, we are still experiencing a strong demand from integrators and
processors for more livestock accommodation and we are confident that the pig
and poultry sector will continue to form an essential part of agriculture in the
East of England."

Defra says the statistics describe "the relative growth in total income from
farming in the short term and the contribution that the agricultural industry
makes to the regional economy". In 2013, agriculture in the East of England
represented 1.16pc of the regional economy and employed 1.35pc of the workforce,
compared to a national average of 1.06pc.

But the report prompted a call for the government to ensure the right policies
were in place to help sustain agriculture's growth over the longer term -
including avoiding a repeat of this year's problems with the computer system to
administer Basic Payment Scheme (BPS) subsidy applications.

Ben Underwood, east regional director for the Country Land and Business
Association (CLA) said: "The figures show that the agricultural industry in the
eastern region is extremely resilient and there is encouragement for future
growth.

"However, in order for the industry to thrive over the long term it needs
certainty and government policies that do not add unnecessary burdens.

"Farmers need to know that they will receive their BPS payments on time, and
that a fit-for-purpose IT system will be put in place by the Rural Payments
Agency as soon as possible.

"The government also needs to keep investing in agri-tech centres and recognise
the important role pesticides play in supporting food production. Uncertainty in
the crop protection sector impacts on the ability of farm businesses to
continue."

The "total income from farming" statistic represents income generated by
production within the agriculture industry including subsidies, business profits
and remuneration for work done by owners and other unpaid workers.

It excludes changes in the values of assets, including stocks, due to price
changes but includes non-agricultural activities such as further processing or
tourist activities where these cannot be separated from the agricultural
business.

How is your farm business expanding or adapting to market conditions? Contact
chris.hill@archant.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDP


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                               December 03, 2002

Farming incomes plunge;
 BUSINESS INSIGHT

SECTION:  Pg. 24

LENGTH: 292 words


FALLING incomes have made Northern Ireland one of the most difficult regions in
Europe in which to sustain a farm business, according to the Ulster Farmers'
Union (UFU).

Income forecasts released by the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
indicate that in contrast to the Britain, where farm incomes have increased
moderately, farm incomes in Northern Ireland are likely to be substantially
lower this year compared to 2001.

The UFU says the predictions about farm incomes are a major cause for concern
for the Northern Ireland farming community, the local economy and the
environment.

More than 1,300 farm businesses closed in the past year and the union says the
income figures highlight the threat to the future of the farming industry in the
north.

UFU president John Gilliland, right, said that just seven years ago incomes in
the north were the second highest in Europe "Now we have the lowest farm incomes
and they are still in decline.

This is a horrendous situation for our farming families, " he said.

The UFU warned that the significant benefits provided to the local economy, the
rural community and the countryside by farming families would crumble if
positive action wasn't taken to stop the rural exodus.

Ian Pearson, the minister responsible for farming under direct rule, highlighted
the role of the Vision action plan in creating the opportunity to make industry
as efficient and market-led as possible.

"This (Vision action plan) will address many of the challenges and opportunities
which the agri-food industry is facing in the coming years, and it will provide
the industry with a clear strategy to work towards a viable and sustainable
agriculture sector for the future, " he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2002 The Irish News Limited


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    July 19, 2001 Thursday Marshall Edition

USDA to provide housing grant

BYLINE: By SAM OCHSTEIN; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 467 words


PLYMOUTH -- A $75,000 Technical and Supervisory Assistance Grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development could soon be assisting low-income
families purchase a home.

Community Connections, a division of Pathfinder Services Inc., will receive the
federal grant Friday, according to a news release. Pathfinder Services is a
multifaceted not-for-profit human service organization in Indiana.

During a news conference Friday, Robert White, Indiana state director for USDA
Rural Development, is to present the grant to a Community Connections program
that helps low-income families in several northern Indiana counties buy their
own homes.

A news conference announcing the presentation is set for 2 p.m. Friday at the
Pathfinder Services office on 1601 W. Jefferson St.

The Community Connections program also offers pre-purchase home ownership
counseling, loan application assistance and post-purchase counseling for
families who wish to buy homes. Service for the program will be available in
Marshall and Starke counties, as well as Adams, Wells, Noble, LaGrange, Pulaski,
Fulton, Huntington, Wabash and Steuben counties.

Melissa Christiansen, community development manager for the USDA Rural
Development office in Plymouth, said the grant and its programs will allow
people to buy homes who otherwise might not be able to.

Jay Farlow, marketing coordinator for Pathfinder Services, said eligibility for
the Community Connections home ownership program is based on an applicant's
county of residence, number of people in the household and total family income.

For example, Farlow said for a family of four in Marshall County to be eligible
for the program, the total income cannot exceed $41,100 per year. In Starke
County, Farlow said the maximum income for eligibility drops to $38,100.

Farlow also said anyone who has had a bankruptcy within the past three years is
not eligible for the program.

Farlow said the program basically helps a family know everything they need to
know about owning a home.

And they can usually get the home for a good price.

"It is not unusual for us to help a family buy a home and end up with a monthly
payment that is less than what they paid while renting," Farlow said.

According to Farlow, the program assists families in purchasing homes that are
already on the market. In some cases, however, Farlow said the program has been
successful in drying up the market. Because of that, Farlow said Pathfinder
Services is beginning to contract companies to build new homes that families can
purchase through the program.

Farlow said he did not know if new homes would be built in Marshall or Starke
counties in connection with the program anytime soon.

Staff writer Sam Ochstein:

sochstein@sbtinfo.com

(219) 936-1029


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 30, 1993 Friday

Farm income predicted to stay steady

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 221 words


The Globe and Mail
Canadian farm income is expected to remain at 1992 levels this year
despite a substantial decline in government payments.

In its annual midsummer forecast, Agriculture Canada said payments from
the various government subsidies and subsidized crop insurance programs
are expected to fall this year to between $2.7-billion and $3.7-billion,
from $3.8-billion in 1992.

Even so, realized net income is expected to be between $3.8-billion and
$5.1-billion this year. In 1992, realized net income was $4.5-billion.

Realized net income is the most commonly used measurement of farm
income. It includes revenue from government and the sale of produce minus
operating costs and depreciation, but not changes in inventory.

In its announcement, economists with Agriculture Canada said farmers
are expected to earn more money than expected because the price of
livestock and grain has improved in recent months.

Oilseed farmers are seeing benefits from recent floods in the
Mississippi Valley, which has helped push the price of soybeans and canola
up strongly. Canadians also planted a large acreage of both crops this
year, which will help raise revenue.

Wheat prices are expected to fall because of the continuing trade war
between the United States and Europe but the price of pork and cattle is
expected to rise by about 10 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                             August 17, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Tumbling price of milk 'will take (EURO)1bn out of the economy'

BYLINE: Sandra Mallon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 647 words


FARMERS are now receiving less for a litre of milk than it costs to produce it,
a development that will drain (EURO)1billion from the rural economy, according
to dairy chiefs.

Milk quotas were lifted in April, meaning farmers can now produce as much as
they want. However, since then there has a been significant drop in the price
being paid for milk, and dairy farmers say they are 'working for nothing'.

The Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association has estimated that (EURO)1billion
will be lost in the rural economy due to falling milk prices, with Agriculture
Minister Simon Coveney's own constituency in Cork expected to lose around
(EURO)263million.

It costs 28 cent to produce one litre of milk; meanwhile, farmers are being paid
around 27 cent per litre to supply milk to the dairies. This is down from 34
cent in January and highs of 43 cent last year.

The ICMSA warned that farmers could see a drop in their income of as much as
(EURO)40,000 because of plummeting prices.

Pat McCormack, deputy president of the ICMSA, said: 'Dairy farmers are working
for nothing.

'The problem is where global markets are and where we could be heading. In 2014,
global supply was up over 4.5 per cent. It's up fractionally in 2015 on the 2014
figure.

'In hindsight, it looks as if stocks were building during 2014 and that's the
issue now.' He said farmers were on the verge of 'not being able to take any
more pain', that some are 'extremely exposed' and could go out of business. He
called on Mr Coveney to intervene.

Mr McCormack warned that current Government and EU policy complacency means that
these kinds of enormous losses could continue into next year.

He said: 'ICMSA has always urged politicians and policy makers to grasp the
basic fact that where farm incomes take the kind of battering that we're seeing
just now, not alone does the local economy suffer through falling farm income,
but based on the well-established economic principle of the multiplier effect,
you'll see massive falls in the wider local economy as the farmers stop
purchasing goods and services in their local communities.' An extensive
county-bycounty survey by the ICMSA revealed that Cork will see a drop in
spending of in excess of (EURO)263million through direct reduction in milk price
and the multiplier effect that sees that milk income spent in local communities.

Tipperary will see a decrease of around (EURO)111million, while Limerick will be
down about (EURO)85million.

It is estimated that Kerry is already down by (EURO)78million.

Mr McCormack said: 'This isn't income-falling territory any more. In many cases
this is income disappearance for the milk suppliers with measurable and very
destructive knock-ons for their local rural economies.' He said the Department
of Agriculture and the EU are displaying a 'sleepwalking attitude'. 'What's even
more frustrating from an ICMSA point of view is the non-interference policy that
seems to be order of the day as far as the Government and the EU Commission is
concerned. Equally how do our politicians imagine that our critically important
dairy primary producers can survive going forward on the basis of the kind of
income volatility that can see a farm family's income go up or down by
(EURO)35,000 or (EURO)40,000 from year to year?' A spokesman for the Department
of Agriculture said: 'The current issues in respect of the Irish, EU and global
dairy market are the result of a complex mix of demand and supply factors and
the position is being closely monitored by the Department of Agriculture, Food
and Marine.

'Minister Coveney and the Department of Agriculture are in regular contact with
the Commission in relation to the challenges facing the dairy sector.' He added:
'A special Council of Ministers meeting has been arranged for September 7 to
deal with dairy issues.' Comment - Page 12 sandra.mallon@dailymail.ie

'Farmers can't take more pain'

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2015 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Images (India)

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday

Efforts on to make Agriculture Sector income generating Industry: Mir

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Jan. 8 -- Minister for Agriculture, Ghulam Hassan Mir has said that
all out efforts are being made to make agriculture sector an income generating
Industry. He asked people especially youth to take keen interest in agriculture
and its allied sectors as there is vast potential available in it to ensure
development and prosperity of the State.

The Minister was addressing a cheque distribution cum awareness camp organized
by Sericulture department at Kunzer Tangmarg today. Hundreds of cocoon rearers
of Tangmarg area participate in the camp and got awareness about the scientific
techniques of cocoon rearing.

On the occasion, the Minister distributed cheques worthy Rs. 2.40 lakh among 21
beneficiaries.

The Minister said as many as 27,000 families are dealing with cocoon rearing in
J&K State, who earns Rs. 650 lakhs annually by producing 850 metric tons of
cocoon yearly.

Referring to local development of Sericulture, Mir said that 126 families are
dealing with cocoon rearing in Tangmarg, adding these families produced 18,000
Kilograms of cocoon and earned Rs. 21.50 lakh out of it sale during last three
years.

Mir said that a vigorous plantation drive will be held during ensuring
plantation season for the development of the Sericulture Sector. He informed
that 14 lakh Mulberry Plants will be planted in this drive, adding Rs. 7.50 per
plant are being provided to the farmers. He said Panchs and Sarpanchs can play a
vital role in making these welfare programmes a success. He said 40,000 Mulberry
Plants are being provided to farmers this year in Tangmarg while as 94,000 were
planted during last 3 years in the area.

The Additional Director Sericulture, Sarpanchs and various cocoon rearers also
spoke on the occasion. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir
Images. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 Kashmir Images
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             August 5, 2011 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Gov't announces livestock aid

BYLINE: The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 209  words


More livestock producers in Saskatchewan and Manitoba will be eligible for tax
deferrals after the federal government announced Tuesday an expansion of the
list of designated areas that can receive financial help.

Tax deferrals allow eligible producers in designated areas to defer income tax
on the sale of breeding livestock for one year in order to help them replenish
their breeding stock in the next year.

Ottawa expanded the designated area this year as a way to help Prairie ranchers
dealing with excess moisture and flooding.

"This spring was very difficult for our farmers in the Prairies, as they faced
extreme weather conditions and unprecedented flooding," said Agriculture
Minister Gerry Ritz.

"By adding these regions to the list of those eligible for the tax deferral
program, producers will be better positioned to cope with the results of wet and
cold conditions."

In order to defer income, Agriculture Canada said the breeding herd must have
been reduced by 15 per cent. If so, 30 per cent of income may be deferred.

If herds are reduced by more than 30 per cent, 90 per cent of income can be
deferred.

Producers can request their tax deferrals when filing their 2011 income tax
returns.

More information can be found at www.agr.gc.ca/ drought.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                                January 14, 2011

BYLINE: Tom Allen-Stevens

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 517 words


A Common Agriculture Policy that can be justified to European citizens is the
priority for European Agriculture Commissioner Dacian Ciolos.

Speaking at the Oxford Farming Conference on Thursday (6 January), Mr Ciolos
said that food production remains the number one objective of agriculture and
for farmers. This fulfils a duty to European citizens to provide them with
quality, healthy food.

"But it would be simplistic to limit the CAP to just that. It also deals with
helping farmers preserve our natural resources and maintain a countryside people
want to live in."

Direct payments should be maintained, Mr Ciolos affirmed - "their income
-supporting function is a must".

But he said there was a need to link payments more closely to their twin roles
as income support for farmers and recognition of the provision of public goods
not remunerated by the market.

"We must make sure that the support is given on the basis of objective criteria,
reflecting what agriculture provides to European citizens, rather than on what
farmers have received in the past."

This means a small part of Pillar 1 payments will be linked to the delivery of
public goods - an incentive for farmers to apply production methods that
preserve natural resources, such as crop rotation and green cover on arable
land.

CAP payments need to be focused on active farmers, said Mr Ciolos - this is one
of the two biggest criticisms from taxpayers at present. The other is a lack of
a ceiling on payments.

"We are currently paying large landholders, who may not actually be in need of
the same level of income support as small or medium-sized farmers. Capping will
address this."

This is likely to be at around 300,000 euros, while the definition of active
farmers is likely to depend on whether the land is being used for agriculture.

Payments across the EU and to different areas may vary, but Mr Ciolos made it
clear that the criteria applied should not - he was keen that member states see
the CAP as a truly common policy.

"Our purpose must be to encourage farmers across Europe to make the same efforts
and focus on the same priorities."

Flexibility will be provided through Pillar 2 - designed to help member states
support farmers who want to do more to fight climate change and to protect
environment and natural resources.

Here more emphasis will be put on research and innovation, with potentially a
new stream of funding for UK farmers and farmer organisations to put research
into practice on farms, and to accelerate technology transfer from laboratory to
the field.

Market intervention should remain, rebranded as security features that will act
as "safety belts or airbags" to protect sector collapse. "The dairy crisis
showed that we need tools to fight market volatility."

NFU president Peter Kendall told Farmers Weekly his chief concern was that Mr
Ciolos' priority to justify the budget would not lead to a more complicated
system.

"I also have serious fears we will end up with a policy that allows excessive
national flexibility. We cannot be held back by rebates. We want no voluntary
top ups and little national discretion."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2011 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Times (South Africa)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

Gardens of fresh hope drained by deep-rooted challenges

BYLINE:  David Olivier

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 608 words


As vibrant as the Cape Flats may be, unemployment, drugs and violence make life
extremely challenging - to the extent that some people succumb to despair and
hopelessness.

While there are no easy solutions to these pressing social problems, one way to
tackle them is through urban agriculture, which is the cultivation of crops and
animals in an urban environment.

Whether practised on a small or large scale, urban agriculture provides
rewarding work, increases positive interactions, creates friendships and
empowers people to give back to their communities. It builds and bridges
community relations that have been destroyed by abject poverty, crime and
hopelessness, and contributes to a sense of belonging, trust and reciprocity.
Urban agriculture also offers opportunities for collaborative interaction
between community members, government and NGOs.

In this way, urban agriculture addresses the deep-seated issues surrounding
poverty and related social ills by changing the way people think about
themselves and those around them.

These are some of the major findings of my recent doctoral research, which
showed that some of the greatest benefits of urban agriculture in Cape Town are
in fact social.

Having been supported and promoted for almost 30 years by a handful of NGOs,
urban agriculture in Cape Town currently helps an estimated 6 500 urban
cultivators who use highly specialised organic cultivation methods. More
recently, local government has come on board with the 2007 Urban Agriculture
Policy for the City of Cape Town, making Cape Town one of Africa's most
supportive municipalities in this regard.

The cultivators interviewed as part of the study were primarily unemployed or
retired female household heads who assume responsibility for the food security
of their household. They rely on welfare grants and financial assistance from
adult children or an income-earning partner. Few have completed their formal
schooling.

They all emphasised the social benefits of urban agriculture. The vibrancy of a
flourishing garden as a source of pride was highlighted by a woman from
Khayelitsha, who said people visit her "every day" to "chat about the garden
being beautiful", as well as to ask her for advice for their own gardens.

Apart from its social benefits, urban agriculture contributes to food security
and food access for low-income households on the Cape Flats. It also provides
some kind of economic benefit in terms |of reducing household expenditure, the
availability of additional stocks with which to barter, or simply participating
in reciprocating kindness.

However, although urban agriculture helps to improve the lives of people on the
Cape Flats and to promote community development, its future is uncertain.

Red tape makes land access extremely challenging, even though there is much land
available. Furthermore, local government does not have the capacity to provide
the consistent personal support required to raise urban cultivators. This is
being done by NGOs, whose potential to spread and develop urban agriculture is
limited by a lack of necessary political, legal and financial support.

The future of urban agriculture in Cape Town, and its continued social and
physical benefits, depends on government and NGOs working together to streamline
land access, scale up training and provide inputs without creating dependency.
Given these challenges, there is much still to be done.

l Olivier works as a researcher with the Southern Africa Food Lab on a project
linking social protection and agricultural livelihoods in southern Africa. This
article is based on his recent doctorate in sociology at Stellenbosch
University.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

Maharathy urged for agri growth in B'swar

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: BALESWAR


BALESWAR, June 10 -- Local MP RK Jena on Thursday submitted a memorandum to
Agriculture Minister Pradeep Maharathy during his visit to here drawing his
attention pertaining to the pathetic condition of agriculture and allied sectors
in Baleswar district.

There is a common perception that Baleswar is one of the developed districts in
the State but, in reality, it is far different. The statistics indicate its per
capita income is less than that of KBK districts, Jena mentioned in the
memorandum.

According to the recent Economic Survey of Odisha for 2014-15, the district's
per capita income has been pegged at Rs 19,268, much below the State average of
Rs 25,891.

Informing about KBD districts, he said while Kandhamal's per capita income is Rs
40,729, the second highest in the State after Jharsuguda (Rs 49,021), it is Rs
21,698 of Boudh, Rs 25,161 of Koraput, Rs 23,340 of Balangir and Rs 19,404 of
Kalahandi.

Baleswar stands at 22nd position in the list in terms of real per capita NDDP
and 8th in terms of Gross District Domestic Product (GDDP at constant prices) in
the State.

The district having a population of over 23 lakh and literacy rate of 70.56 per
cent has an area of 3,806 sq km. Of its 5,29,407 families, as per the 1997 BPL
census, 2, 88, 236 families belong to poor category.

Nearly 2.5 lakh people depend on either marine or inland fisheries.

Though Balaswar houses five large industries besides around 3,900 small scale
units, its economy mostly depends on agriculture, he pointed out.

As per Economic Survey 2014-15, Baleswar has only 423 MSME units and a total of
Rs 20.31 crore investments have been made in the sector. These 423 MSME units
have also managed to provide employment to 1,635 persons.

"A major portion of people of the district still depends on agriculture, fishery
and industry sectors. But these sectors have not been developed yet," Jena
lamented and sough the Minister's intervention.

The demands made by the MP include strengthening of infrastructure for training,
research and laboratories centres, establishment of agricultural farms, an agro
industrial estate and agro poly centres, promotion of hybrid maize and sunflower
cultivations, e-Pest surveillance, implementation of Bringing Green Revolution
to Eastern India (BGREI) in the district.

Jena too requested the Minister to take implement various State and Central
agriculture, fishery and related schemes lavishly in the district so that the
income of people would grow.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 31, 1987 Friday

REPORT ON CANADA 2   Troubles in agriculture to persist despite higher income
projection

BYLINE: JOHN KOHUT; GAM

LENGTH: 695 words


BY  JOHN KOHUT
 The Globe and Mail
  Although Canadian farm income is set to rise in 1987, the sector is
likely to be plagued once again by depressed prices for many commodities,
particularly grain.

Agriculture Canada forecasts net farm income for 1987 will rise to
$5.5-billion, 14 per cent higher than the $4.8-billion of 1986.

But this forecast masks severe troubles, which are causing a large
number of debt-ridden farmers, mainly those who borrowed heavily at the
beginning of this decade, to go under.

Factors that are likely to help keep up farm income include improved
prospects for horticulture, special crops and livestock. In addition,
input costs are coming down with lower prices for fertilizer, credit and
feed.

But the 1987 farm income forecast includes a $1-billion special grain
subsidy announced by the federal Government last December. And because of
severely depressed grain prices, it appears likely that the Government
will at least have to match that figure in 1988 and beyond.

The Canadian Wheat Board, a government agency that has the monopoly on
grain destined for export, has already dropped the prices it will pay
farmers by about 18 per cent when the 1987-88 fiscal year for the grain
business begins on Aug. 1.

This will be a big blow for prairie farmers, many of whom have been
able to sell only about half of last year's crops. Analysts estimate that
while grain exports for 1986-87 will have been around the 31 million
metric tons reached in 1983 - a record in terms of volume - there will
still be an inventory of about 18 million tons carried over into the new
fiscal year.

The Wheat Board dropped prices because it needs to keep Canadian grain
competitive on world markets, where the treasuries of the European
Community and the United States are wreaking havoc with their heavy farm
subsidies.

Politically, there has been much talk and even some agreement on the
need for halting this subsidies war, which makes it next to impossible for
farmers in other countries to compete without government financial
support. The 24-nation Organization for Economic Co-operation and
Development agreed in principle earlier this year to end the subsidies
war. And at General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade talks in Geneva, the
United States tabled proposals this month for doing away with farm
subsidies by the end of the century.

But with a settlement at best several years away, talk of an end to
farm subsidies has done little to boost grain prices.

At a federal-provincial meeting of agriculture ministers in Quebec City
this month, there was unanimous agreement on extending the special subsidy
for grain into 1988. Officials are talking about increasing the special
payment to between $4-billion and $8-billion over the next three years.

However, livestock farmers are benefiting from the low prices for
grain, the single biggest input cost in the meat business. Relatively low
interest rates are also giving livestock producers one of their best years
in a long time.

Attracted by stong beef prices, farmers are building up their herds
while keeping supply in control for the time being. But analysts say that
the current build-up could start showing up in increased beef supplies by
the beginning of 1988.

Agriculture Canada forecasts that pork supplies will increase later
this year, leading to lower hog prices. But because of the low feed grain
prices, pork production could remain profitable until the latter part of
1988, when the growth in supply may start putting pressure on margins.

In horticulture, the outlook is for good supplies and consequently
lower prices, Agriculture Canada says. Potato production, for example, is
expected to increase in 1987 and prices are likely to drop from 1986
levels. Nearly ideal weather is expected to result in a record apple crop.
Prices for a number of fruit crops are expected to drop.

Although it is difficult to get any precise measure of the financial
strains under which farmers find themselves, Wayne Jones, an Agriculture
Canada economist, said the situation appears to have deteriorated from the
time of a study in early 1986 that showed 12 per cent of farmers who
borrowed were in difficulty. Half of those were considered to be in severe
trouble.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Strahl lets farmers put off repaying CAIS overpayments

BYLINE: Gina Teel, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY -- A new program for low-income farmers and the deferral of overpayments
are just two ways the Conservative government is helping farmers, federal
Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl insisted Friday.

Effective immediately, the government is deferring the collection of
overpayments to individual farmers under the Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization program -- the so-called CAIS clawback -- until the retroactive
program changes announced in Tuesday's $1.5-billion agriculture budget are
calculated, Strahl said Friday during a speech at the Calgary Chamber of
Commerce. He also said there will be no interest on overpayments until Jan. 1,
2007.

Strahl said the announcement "assures farmers that the money they have in-hand,
at least they can keep in-hand" while recalculations are underway.

"I realize some people will say the government should have, could have, had
another ad-hoc program just to try to get some money out to some farmers, like
the $755 million that we announced in February, but I'm just convinced the
ad-hoc programs are not the way to go," Strahl said.

The deferral applies only where the federal government delivers the CAIS
program, namely British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, New
Brunswick, Newfoundland/Labrador and the Yukon.

Canadian Federation of Agriculture president Bob Friesen welcomed the deferral
announcement, saying CAIS clawbacks have always been a big concern for farmers.

"Deferring collection of those overpayments will enable farmers to concentrate
on their spring work without having to worry about the government collection
agent showing up at their door," he said.

Last month, nearly 10,000 farmers stormed Parliament Hill in angry protest over
the ongoing farm income crisis. Many have been looking for an immediate cash
injection from the Conservative government to help them through tough financial
times brought on by low commodity prices, soaring input costs and heavily
subsidized agriculture in the United States and European Union.

Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan president Ken McBride said
the deferral shows the federal government "understands just how difficult the
economic situation is to producers."

"While producers will still have to repay the overpayment next year, it will
help them considerably this year," he stated.

Strahl also made note Friday of a new program aimed at helping low-income
farmers find more options for the future and assist them in improving their
business opportunities.

He did not provide further details.

Strahl reiterated that he hopes to have a new alternative to CAIS for June's
first ministers meeting in St. John's, N.L.

LeRoy Fjordbotten, who drove to Calgary from his farm in Granum, Alta., to take
in Strahl's breakfast speech, said he's pleased with the federal government's
efforts in agriculture.

"Now it's up to the provinces to step up and work very co-operatively with them
and make it meaningful so that our ag industry can survive the next two years,"
he said.

Calgary Herald

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Chuck Strahl

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2017 Friday

Oregon: Declining expenses boost Oregon's net farm income

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:


 Oregon farmers and ranchers generally have seen a better bottom line in their
balance sheet thanks to steady agricultural production and prices combined with
an overall drop in expenses. The assessment is based on the latest statistics
available from the US Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service
(ERS). While Oregon's diverse agriculture leads to a wide variance in how
individual producers are faring, the state's overall net farm income is on the
rise.


 "Historically, our production values have generally been going up from year to
year, but the net farm income has been all over the place," says Jim Johnson,
land use specialist with the Oregon Department of Agriculture. "It's that net
value which reflects the farmer's bottom line and is what they look at when they
make decisions on their operation for the next year and ten years beyond."
 Numbers for last year's income and expenses are not yet available, but the
economic snapshot of Oregon for 2015 shows net farm income at more than $1.2
billion- a 58 percent increase over 2014's net farm income and a 21 percent jump
from 2013. It's fair to say that net farm income over the past several years has
been volatile and doesn't always reflect what is happening at the individual
farm level. But it is one of several indicators of agriculture's economic
health. Especially given Oregon's tremendous diversity of agriculture- both in
what is grown and in size or type of operation- there is bound to be disparity
among the annual incomes of individual producers. But 2015 was generally a good
year.
 Net farm income is essentially a see-saw between production value- which
reflects the prices paid to growers for what they produce- on one side, expenses
on the other. It is the amount retained by agricultural producers after paying
all business-related expenses Think of it as the farmer's paycheck. Out of that
paycheck, growers make payments on land purchases, family living expenses, and
family health insurance. USDA-ERS statistics show net farm income is cyclical.
They also show that the average payout for Oregon farmers and ranchers may not
be as high as you would expect from an overall net farm income that exceeds a
billion dollars.
 "On the whole, Oregon farmers and ranchers are doing better over the past few
years," says Johnson. "But the overall improvement in income has not spread
across all producers. Based on 2015's net farm income, the average farmer in
Oregon earned $35,000. Of course, some made a lot more than the average while
others made a lot less."
 The overall value of agricultural production in 2015 actually dropped about 6
percent to about $4.9 billion.  That includes a decrease in crop production of 4
percent, animal production of 7 percent, and 10 percent in farm-related income-
a catch-all category that includes rental payments received.
 Production values were down, but the expenses were down by a much greater
degree.
 Controlling costs, usually a major challenge for farmers and ranchers, wasn't
as daunting in 2015. In fact, overall production expenses decreased 13 percent
compared to the previous year. Nearly all categories of expenses showed a drop,
with the exception of seed purchases and electricity. Feed purchases dropped 10
percent, livestock purchases were down 15 percent, pesticides purchased
decreased 12 percent, and fertilizers purchased recorded a 3 percent drop. Other
expenses included fuel and oil, down 31 percent; machine hire and custom work,
down 34 percent; marketing and transportation, down 21 percent; repair and
maintenance, down 12 percent; and insurance premiums, down 25 percent.
 All of those expenses alone don't come close to offsetting the slight drop in
production value. But when you factor in labor costs, it more than makes up the
difference. The cost to pay farm employees remains the single largest expense
for Oregon farmers. So when there is a 21 percent decrease in total labor
expenses, it makes a large impact on the bottom line.  In 2015, compensation for
all farm laborers dropped from $1.2 billion to $947 million. Reasons for the
decrease are not entirely clear, but Johnson says it could be tied to
production.
 "We went through a couple of drought years and production value went down," he
says. "Less acres were planted or crops that are less labor intensive were
planted. So there was generally less need for labor. That's part of it. Another
factor is that the supply of workers was generally down as well. There was much
greater competition for labor among farmers. Increased mechanization may also
play into the equation. The end result was that many operators have adapted and
are better at meeting their production needs without labor."
 Oregon's net farm income of $1.2 billion for 2015 ranks 22nd among all states.
Meanwhile, Oregon's neighbors continue to enjoy an overall much higher net farm
income. Washington, ranked 6th in the US, grew to approximately $3.2 billion
while Idaho, ranked 14th, increased to $1.8 billion. It should come as no
surprise that agricultural giant California leads the nation in net farm income
at more than $14 billion, despite also having the highest production expenses in
the US.
 "Oregon historically ranks behind Washington and Idaho, partially because of
the difference in acreage of high value crop production," says Johnson. "The
other states simply have more irrigated agriculture that allows for more
production of fruits and vegetables. Oregon also has a higher percentage of
small farms that generate less than $10,000 a year compared to its neighboring
states."
 Despite being in the middle of all states when it comes to net farm income,
that bottom line number has increased- and that's a good thing.
 "You could have the best production year on record, but if your labor costs are
tremendous, your energy prices are super high, fertilizer and pesticide costs
have climbed, you could still have a bad year overall," says Johnson. "The net
farm income shows the whole picture and, again in general, 2015 was not a bad
year."
 With production values expected to be higher once 2016's balance sheet is
finalized, the hope is that expenses will have once again been kept in check,
leading to another increase in Oregon's net farm income.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Oregon: Declining expenses boost Oregon's net farm income

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salem: The Department of Agriculture, Oregon has issued the following news
release:


 Oregon farmers and ranchers generally have seen a better bottom line in their
balance sheet thanks to steady agricultural production and prices combined with
an overall drop in expenses. The assessment is based on the latest statistics
available from the US Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service
(ERS). While Oregon's diverse agriculture leads to a wide variance in how
individual producers are faring, the state's overall net farm income is on the
rise.


 "Historically, our production values have generally been going up from year to
year, but the net farm income has been all over the place," says Jim Johnson,
land use specialist with the Oregon Department of Agriculture. "It's that net
value which reflects the farmer's bottom line and is what they look at when they
make decisions on their operation for the next year and ten years beyond."
 Numbers for last year's income and expenses are not yet available, but the
economic snapshot of Oregon for 2015 shows net farm income at more than $1.2
billion- a 58 percent increase over 2014's net farm income and a 21 percent jump
from 2013. It's fair to say that net farm income over the past several years has
been volatile and doesn't always reflect what is happening at the individual
farm level. But it is one of several indicators of agriculture's economic
health. Especially given Oregon's tremendous diversity of agriculture- both in
what is grown and in size or type of operation- there is bound to be disparity
among the annual incomes of individual producers. But 2015 was generally a good
year.
 Net farm income is essentially a see-saw between production value- which
reflects the prices paid to growers for what they produce- on one side, expenses
on the other. It is the amount retained by agricultural producers after paying
all business-related expenses Think of it as the farmer's paycheck. Out of that
paycheck, growers make payments on land purchases, family living expenses, and
family health insurance. USDA-ERS statistics show net farm income is cyclical.
They also show that the average payout for Oregon farmers and ranchers may not
be as high as you would expect from an overall net farm income that exceeds a
billion dollars.
 "On the whole, Oregon farmers and ranchers are doing better over the past few
years," says Johnson. "But the overall improvement in income has not spread
across all producers. Based on 2015's net farm income, the average farmer in
Oregon earned $35,000. Of course, some made a lot more than the average while
others made a lot less."
 The overall value of agricultural production in 2015 actually dropped about 6
percent to about $4.9 billion.  That includes a decrease in crop production of 4
percent, animal production of 7 percent, and 10 percent in farm-related income-
a catch-all category that includes rental payments received.
 Production values were down, but the expenses were down by a much greater
degree.
 Controlling costs, usually a major challenge for farmers and ranchers, wasn't
as daunting in 2015. In fact, overall production expenses decreased 13 percent
compared to the previous year. Nearly all categories of expenses showed a drop,
with the exception of seed purchases and electricity. Feed purchases dropped 10
percent, livestock purchases were down 15 percent, pesticides purchased
decreased 12 percent, and fertilizers purchased recorded a 3 percent drop. Other
expenses included fuel and oil, down 31 percent; machine hire and custom work,
down 34 percent; marketing and transportation, down 21 percent; repair and
maintenance, down 12 percent; and insurance premiums, down 25 percent.
 All of those expenses alone don't come close to offsetting the slight drop in
production value. But when you factor in labor costs, it more than makes up the
difference. The cost to pay farm employees remains the single largest expense
for Oregon farmers. So when there is a 21 percent decrease in total labor
expenses, it makes a large impact on the bottom line.  In 2015, compensation for
all farm laborers dropped from $1.2 billion to $947 million. Reasons for the
decrease are not entirely clear, but Johnson says it could be tied to
production.
 "We went through a couple of drought years and production value went down," he
says. "Less acres were planted or crops that are less labor intensive were
planted. So there was generally less need for labor. That's part of it. Another
factor is that the supply of workers was generally down as well. There was much
greater competition for labor among farmers. Increased mechanization may also
play into the equation. The end result was that many operators have adapted and
are better at meeting their production needs without labor."
 Oregon's net farm income of $1.2 billion for 2015 ranks 22nd among all states.
Meanwhile, Oregon's neighbors continue to enjoy an overall much higher net farm
income. Washington, ranked 6th in the US, grew to approximately $3.2 billion
while Idaho, ranked 14th, increased to $1.8 billion. It should come as no
surprise that agricultural giant California leads the nation in net farm income
at more than $14 billion, despite also having the highest production expenses in
the US.
 "Oregon historically ranks behind Washington and Idaho, partially because of
the difference in acreage of high value crop production," says Johnson. "The
other states simply have more irrigated agriculture that allows for more
production of fruits and vegetables. Oregon also has a higher percentage of
small farms that generate less than $10,000 a year compared to its neighboring
states."
 Despite being in the middle of all states when it comes to net farm income,
that bottom line number has increased- and that's a good thing.
 "You could have the best production year on record, but if your labor costs are
tremendous, your energy prices are super high, fertilizer and pesticide costs
have climbed, you could still have a bad year overall," says Johnson. "The net
farm income shows the whole picture and, again in general, 2015 was not a bad
year."
 With production values expected to be higher once 2016's balance sheet is
finalized, the hope is that expenses will have once again been kept in check,
leading to another increase in Oregon's net farm income.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

Global Agriculture and Food Security Program Announces Third Round of Grants,
And Calls on G-20 Counterparts to Contribute

LENGTH: 770  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 09 -- Partners in the Global Agriculture and Food Security Program
(GAFSP), a new fund to increase agriculture productivity and reduce poverty,
announced today that four countries - Cambodia, Liberia, Nepal and Tajikistan -
will receive the fund's third round of grants totaling $160 million. At a time
when food prices are on the rise, the grants will help each country to increase
food security, raise rural incomes and reduce poverty by enabling small holder
farmers to grow more crops and earn more.

"In its actions today, GAFSP has again demonstrated that it is smart and
effective," said Lael Brainard, U.S. Under Secretary of the Treasury for
International Affairs. "The fund is reducing hunger in some of the poorest
countries, and is reaching farmers and families. However, the fund requires more
resources if it is to sustain course. If other donors do not contribute soon,
other deserving poor countries will be turned away and our efforts to strengthen
global food security will be weakened during a critical moment of need. We
encourage our partners in the G-8 and the G-20 to join us in this effort by
investing in GAFSP and helping to reduce hunger and poverty."

The World Bank estimates that the most recent food price spike drove an
additional 44 million people into poverty. According to the Food and Agriculture
Organization, 925 million people are hungry and undernourished. With the outlook
for future food prices uncertain, GAFSP seeks to improve food security and
reduce poverty by delivering targeted financing for the agriculture sector in
low-income countries.

"With food prices remaining high and volatile, developing countries are
requesting support for their efforts to improve agricultural productivity," said
World Bank Managing Director Ngozi Okonjo Iweala. "We see this as an integral
part of the campaign to 'put food first.'"

This is the third round of countries to receive funding to support
country-driven investment in agriculture and food security through GAFSP. Of the
25 countries that had applied prior to the October 1, 2010 deadline, 12 have now
been awarded grants.

"Additional resources for investment help the countries to make strategic moves
for food security, elevate the sectors concerned, and realize the long-term plan
objectives of a decent life for the people and thus enable us, in a time of food
crisis, to work towards a collective future for the world, " said Mr. Kazi M.
Aminul Islam, GAFSP Steering Committee South Asia Representative.

In Cambodia, GAFSP funds totaling $39.1 million will support increased
productivity and diversity of agriculture in selected highly food-insecure and
economically-depressed areas.

In Liberia, $46.5 million in GAFSP funds will enhance the income of smallholder
famers, particularly women and youth, through sustainable irrigable land
expansion, land husbandry improvement, and improvement of market access. It will
also build capacity for adaptive agricultural research and improve agricultural
advisory services.

Nepal will receive $46.5 million, and GAFSP funds will enhance household food
security in the poorest and most food-insecure regions through increased
agricultural productivity, household incomes and awareness about health and
nutrition in the mid-western and far-western development regions.

In Tajikistan, $27.9 million in GAFSP funds will boost food security through
increased crop production resulting from improved sustainable irrigation and
drainage infrastructure and improved water resource management policies.

The winning countries were selected by the fund's Steering Committee based on
the recommendations of an independent review conducted by global agriculture
experts. In addition to having strong needs, the successful proposals
demonstrated a comprehensive national agriculture strategy, technically sound
interventions to increase agricultural productivity and a commitment to invest
their own resources in the agriculture sector.

To date a total of $925 million has been pledged to GAFSP by Australia, the Bill
& Melinda Gates Foundation, Canada, Ireland, South Korea, Spain, and the United
States, with funds going to countries that have strategic, innovative and
credible plans already in place to improve agricultural productivity and food
security.

The countries awarded GASFP funding in previous rounds are: Bangladesh,
Ethiopia, Haiti, Mongolia, Niger, Rwanda, Sierra Leone and Togo Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             March 1, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Wartman upset feds killed plan

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 627  words


Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman will be calling for the reinstatement of the
farm improvement loans program when he meets with his federal and provincial
counterparts this week.

Wartman said he was "very, very concerned'' about agricultural program cuts
contained in last week's federal budget, especially the program under the farm
improvement and marketing co-operative loans act (FIMCLA).

"To not have that (program) available for Saskatchewan farmers, particularly at
a time where we're looking at a negative farm income of almost $500 million, is
nothing short of cruel,'' Wartman said Monday in a conference call from Paris.

Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada recently announced that Saskatchewan farmers
are projected to have negative $486 million in realized net farm income in 2005.

The farm improvement loans program was identified as part of the department's
expenditure review to eliminate or reduce spending in areas where the impact on
producers was expected to be minimal.

"An external evaluation of FIMCLA in 2004 showed a reduced demand for the
program nationally, with the number of loans under this program declining by 68
per cent since 1995-96,'' said Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada.

The program guarantees loans up to $250,000 for producers or up to $3 million
for producer co-operatives to purchase equipment, buildings or land. Since its
inception in 1988, FIMCLA has guaranteed loans to more than 130,000 producers
and co-operatives across Canada.

Wartman said Finance Minister Ralph Goodale's budget also cuts agricultural
research programs needed to help diversify the province's agricultural economy.

"Ralph Goodale is our federal minister, but when I look at the kinds of cuts we
face here, I wonder if he was really taking a look a ... what these cuts would
do to our agricultural programs.''

Wartman, who was wrapping up a week-long trade mission to Europe, said he
intends to raise FIMCLA and other budget cuts at the agricultural ministers'
meeting in Ottawa Wednesday and Thursday.

Bob Bjornerud, agriculture critic for the Saskatchewan Party, said he's written
to Wartman, Goodale and Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell to urge them to
reinstate the program.

"I'm hoping we can apply enough pressure that they may reconsider this.''

Sid Bildfell, CEO of Credit Union Central of Saskatchewan, said news of the
program's discontinuation came as "a bit of a surprise.''

Bildfell said Saskatchewan credit unions represented about 70 per cent of loans
approved under the program. In the third quarter of 2004, Saskatchewan credit
unions made 500 farm-improvement loans worth $15 million.

"It would appear that the program has been successful,'' Bildfell said.

He said eliminating the program will make it more difficult for credit unions to
finance farming operations in the province. "This is not going to be helpful.''

Bob Smith, assistant director of the FIMCLA program in Ottawa, confirmed that
Saskatchewan represented "about 80 per cent" of the loans approved under the
program.

In fiscal 2004, Saskatchewan accounted for $66 million in loans out of the total
$95.5 million approved under the program. However, the number of loans has been
diminishing, both nationally and in Saskatchewan.

Since 2001-02 when $189 million in loans were approved, the amount of loans
under the program has declined by about 50 per cent, Smith said. In
Saskatchewan, approved loans fell from $113 million in 2001-02, to $107 million
in 2002-03 to $74 million in 2003-04.

But he conceded that $66 million in loans is still "a substantial number. We're
getting lots of calls, mainly from financial institutions,'' Smith said.

The program is supposed to stop taking new applications after Thursday, but
Smith said the deadline would likely be extended by several days.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Mid Devon Gazette Series

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

The UK's opinion on CAP matters

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 422  words


EU Agriculture Commissioner Phil Hogan has announced a period of consultation
for the reform of the Common Agricultural Policy (CAP).

The European Union (EU) spends around 55billion euros on the CAP, some 40 per
cent of the EU budget. Hogan says "EU agriculture is in crisis" with "farmers
the actors" in the game play. The CAP must "provide a resilient agriculture in a
Globalised World".

Direct payments, farm subsidies - now called Basic Payment Scheme (BPS) - were
originally introduced to compensate farmers for unfair international trade while
holding down prices to the consumer. Recent reforms have extended this 'subsidy'
to farmers in the new Member States where it was previously not available.

Various justifications for these direct payments have been used:

They address the problem of low incomes among farmers

They ensure food security for EU citizens

They contribute to resilience and provide a safety net for farmers faced with
market price and income variability

And they support sustainable land management.

The fact that Commissioner Hogan talks of agriculture being in crises and
there's a need to provide a resilient agriculture suggests the CAP has failed
for some time.

The CAP claims to:

Provide and support agricultural and forest ecosystems (biodiversity, water and
soil)

Maintain the efficient use of resources (water and energy)

Move to a low-carbon economy (renewable energy use, greenhouse gas emission
reduction, carbon sequestration and storage)

And promote social inclusion, poverty reduction and economic development
(facilitating job creation, promoting local development and improving access to
information and communication technologies).

To provide all this from a one-size-fits-all "agricultural budget" was some
massive, if not impossible, task.

Yes, it needs reform and while the UK will soon be outside the EU this should
not stop us from offering opinion to this consultation process. UK agriculture
will continue to sell into, and trade both ways, with Europe (EU) and will be
obliged to accept whatever reforms the EU decides to implement. Food supply, its
sourcing and the wider implications of food production worldwide is now
recognised as an important and complex process which cannot be managed purely by
protectionism. British agricultural output has fallen in many commodities to 60
per cent of our post war peak in the Seventies.

With the shackles off, UK farming can deliver high-quality products safely while
leading the world in the environmental issues farming can afford.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2017 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Bangladesh agriculture at a second turning point

LENGTH: 1772 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Sept. 28 -- Empirical evidences suggest that the share of
agriculture in overall economy of the countries always decreases as structural
transformation and urbanisation occurs. The labour force engaged in agriculture
also has a declining trend.

However, many poor countries still show high shares of agriculture in gross
domestic product (GDP) and employment (an average of 34 and 64 per cent
respectively in Sub-Saharan Africa). In countries in the range of $400 to $1,800
GDP per capita, many of them in Asia, agriculture is on average 20 per cent of
GDP and 43 per cent of the labour force. These ratios decline to 8.0 per cent
and 22 per cent respectively in countries in the range of $1,800 to $8,100 GDP
per capita, many of them in Eastern Europe and Latin America. Adding the forward
and backward links to agriculture (extended agriculture) typically increases the
share in the economy by half or more, especially in the middle-income countries
(World Development Report 2008: Agriculture for Development).

Table-4 shows that the employment share in agriculture is highest in India,
Bangladesh and Vietnam which are predominantly agriculture-dependent with a high
poverty incidence in rural areas. The lower and higher middle-countries like
Thailand, Philippines and Indonesia have around 30 per cent labour force engaged
in agriculture with low GDP share. In cases of high-income or developed
countries, i.e. Netherlands, employment in agriculture is as low as 1.5 per cent
and share of agriculture in GDP is only 2.0 per cent. However, Netherlands,
which is only 41,000 square kilometres in size, is the primary source of
agricultural products for the rest of Europe. The amount of agricultural export
from Netherlands was more than US$ 56 billion in 2014, which was US$ 17 billion
in 2000. High-income countries like Netherlands has increased the factor
productivity for agriculture to a large extent with advanced integrated
technologies which released the excess labour in agriculture for service and
industrial sectors.

CHALLENGES IN ATTAINING HIGHER AGRICULTURAL GROWTH RATE: The key challenge of
agriculture sector of Bangladesh is related to the productivity of input,
primarily labour. In the agricultural labour market, a dualistic type of
structure is prevalent, which suggests that there is substantial surplus labour
in agriculture. This surplus labour indicates that average hour of work is less
than optimal and productivity of labour in non-agriculture sector is higher than
that of agriculture sector. The latter phenomenon can be observed while
comparing the productivity of agricultural labour with that of manufacturing and
service sectors. Productivity of agricultural labour is very low in Bangladesh.
Although the average productivity of labour in agriculture increased in the
second half of the last decade, the gap with manufacturing and service sectors
still remained substantial. The surplus labour coupled with low labour
productivity points to two policy options: (a) withdrawing the surplus labour
from agriculture and utilising it in non-agriculture sector, and (b) using more
advanced technology to increase production in agriculture.

Another important issue is the increasing number of small farms. In the 1980s
the small farms were around 70 per cent of the total farm holdings which
increased up to 84 per cent in 2008 (latest Agriculture Census, Table-5) and
expected to grow over 90 per cent in the second decade of this century.

Improvement in agricultural productivity is a precondition for sustainable
development, as productivity gains would allow resources such as labour to be
diverted to the non-agricultural sectors, including agro-food industry. Total
factor productivity (TFP) indices capture the effect of improvement in
technology as well as investments in rural infrastructures. Empirical evidence
shows that TFP of Bangladesh crop agriculture grew at an annual rate of 0.57 per
cent over a long period, from 1948 to 2008 (Rahman and Salim, 2013).

Regarding the drivers of TFP growth, Rahman and Salim (2013) found that farm
size, crop specialisation, investment in research and extension positively
influenced TFP growth, whereas literacy rate influenced TFP growth negatively,
reflecting exodus of educated people from agriculture. Their policy implications
included encouraging investment in research and extension, increasing average
farm size and promoting crop diversification. So, agriculture now-a-days is
peasant agriculture mostly dependent on marginal farmers with very little amount
of input (land) and landless farmers who are mostly tenant.

Although agricultural policy support is still very strong, agricultural growth
rate is very low and this is a significant issue. Agricultural growth is mainly
determined by the nature of technology used and farm structure with associated
management. The "seed-fertiliser-irrigation technology" was developed from the
mid-1960s; this was the first turning point for agricultural crop sector
development. The "seed-fertiliser-irrigation" technology has been developed
gradually and this system was adopted by the small farms which have increased
production of rice by more than three and a half folds over five decades. With
recent years exhibiting falling growth rate it seems that the existing
technology of high-yielding seeds, chemical fertilisers and mechanical
irrigation is past the final stage of excellence. The present 'Peasant Farming'
system may not be able to provide growth booster with existing technology which
seemingly have come to a threshold level of its potential having been in vogue
over last five decades. Without the introduction of 'integrated advanced
technology' in a new farm structure in agriculture, a 'new turning point' may
not be possible.

WAY FORWARD FOR AGRICULTURE IN A HIGH-ECONOMIC GROWTH ERA: The tenet of the 7th
Five Year Plan (2016-20) is: Accelerating Growth, Empowering Citizens. Utmost
attention has been given to more job creation in the economy, accelerating GDP
growth to 8.0 per cent while ensuring equitable income distribution to
significantly improve income inequality to fast track poverty reduction and thus
empowering the citizens. The agriculture sector needs to be compatible with the
high-growth pattern of the overall economy in the upcoming years. This level of
growth will require labour-intensive industrial and service sectors
simultaneously with a jump-start of a programme of improving agricultural
productivity.

The new policy for agricultural development in a country with 7.0 per cent to
8.0 per cent growth rate will require a strategy to accelerate the process of
transformation from the existing semi-subsistence farming to commercialisation
of agriculture taking advantage of market economy. This strategy will require
achieving productivity gains, diversification and value addition commensurate
with national environmental protection and climate change adaptation strategies.
Fertiliser subsidy, subsidised diesel and electricity used for irrigation and
other agricultural inputs will require continuous support through fiscal
stimulus in the present agricultural practices.

Real rural wage has been increasing which is contributing to poverty reduction
and equity but it has increased labour cost which is supposed to induce
mechanisation. But that has not really happening. Hence there can be the
argument for subsidised mechanisation, but subsidy has played a limited role in
promoting mechanisation in the past. The limiting factor in this case may be
small-scale production unit with fragmented land, partial dependence on hired
labour and animal power and high unit cost of mechanical power (Hazel, 2013) in
the small-scale farm structure.

Integrated agricultural market system, road networks and communication
technologies and export market opportunities are available these days. But, the
problem is that the 'Advanced Technologies' used in developed countries as
integrated production technologies, cannot be absorbed by our small-farm size
agriculture, where sharecroppers, marginal and small farmers are predominant.
The capital and farm size required for this type of new transformative
technology is huge. In short, we have to think to support the gradual
establishment of large commercial farms and such a 'big push' is now essential
as a paradigm shift in agriculture. The small farm-based 'Peasant Agriculture'
system need to be replaced with large-size commercial farms which can afford
huge capital investment for advanced technologies like green house agriculture,
adoption of GMO seeds, hybrid seeds, tissue culture, temperature-controlled drip
irrigation, large-scale mechanisation from planting to harvesting and packaging
of final products in agriculture. This commercialisation and emergence of
large-scale farming is not happening because of i) dependence on weather for
crop production activities because of non-adoption of high technologies and ii)
large-scale subsidisation that help sustenance of subsistence agriculture.
Subsidy is a must in agriculture to a certain extent but refocusing needed
towards providing support to creation of large-scale farming enterprises.

In the context of shrinking average farm size and diseconomies of scale for
marginal farmers, strategies will be required to provide business support to
commercially-oriented farms, social protection to subsistence farms and exit
support to transition farms (e.g. promoting income diversity in rural non-farm
sector and leasing-in land for commercial crops). A new high-technology package
is required with new large-size agricultural farms which have economies of scale
to absorb the adverse climate impact and risk related to crop production. The
latest integrated technologies are being used in the developed world, where
average size of farms is thousands of hectares. For example, Netherlands, the
major agricultural products exporter in Europe, uses one and a half per cent of
its total labour force in agricultural production. New and transformative
technological instruments can be used by large commercial farms in Bangladesh if
they get proper policy support and incentives. Thus the 'second turning point'
of agricultural development will occur.

Prof. Shamsul Alam, Member (Senior Secretary, General Economics Division,
Bangladesh Planning Commission, is President of Bangladesh Agricultural
Economists Association.

sabau47@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved
