
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Agriculture Income Tax: 'The Reality'

BYLINE:  Dr. Mohammad Tariq Bucha

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 104

LENGTH: 851  words


Whenever, Pakistan's economy is under pressure, instead of reducing its expenses
or deferring non-productive projects, the government has always adopted easy and
coercive measures such as the levy of further taxes including the issue of tax
on agriculture income. The question is, why our economists and policy makers are
determined and bent upon to destroy the agriculture sector of Pakistan which is
presently the only productive sector of Pakistan? We acknowledge their concern
about reviving the economy of Pakistan but the actual policy makers being
predominantly bureaucrats and others not elected by the people of Pakistan do
not understand the problems of the farmers living in rural areas under extremely
hard conditions facing issues of survival and sustainability.

In developed countries to which our benefactors like World Bank, IMF belong
agriculture tax is not considered a reliable source of revenue generation. There
are no confirmed figures about revenue generation from agriculture income though
its advocates in Pakistan claim that despite the fact that contribution of
agriculture sector in the national income is around 25 %yet there is very
nominal  contribution from this sector in the revenue resource generation of the
country. I.e. they do not pay income tax. On the other hand, the people who
oppose the agriculture income tax say that they are already paying agriculture
tax by government control on agri prices, and through Income Tax Ordinance 1997,
subsequently amended through Income Tax Ordinance 2001. The difference being
that the earlier in 1997 the tax on agriculture was based on land holding
therefore was a land based tax while in 2001 the tax was redefined by adding the
"word" agriculture income with a stipulation to pay the amount of tax on income
which ever was higher, thereby qualifying as the income tax on agriculture.

To summarize, let's discuss regarding the question, whether agriculture income
tax is implementable like income tax on other sectors. All policy makers of the
world agree that collection of tax on small business, services and agriculture
is very difficult while agriculture tax is even more cumbersome and difficult to
collect.

According to an Indian writer \ researcher, agriculture tax in under developed
countries is very difficult because most of the transactions of income &
expenses are without receipts. On the other hand, agriculture tax has very
nominal importance in developed countries rather it is almost nil in OECD
countries, as is in under developed countries like Pakistan & India where its
contribution in GDP of the country is 24% & 15% respectively. A figure often
discussed & quoted in media and the economic policies.

It is very easy to say that like other sectors, income from agriculture should
also be taxed but firstly it is already taxed and secondly its assessment and
collection is very difficult and impracticable because of many reasons e.g.

It's not possible to calculate agriculture income and tax on the income as
compared with other sectors.  The performance of Income Tax department is
already unsatisfactory in already taxed sectors where they collect around 63% of
the tax collected as advance tax.

It would not be possible to calculate the agri income under the present system
of tax assessment system.

Income from agriculture is already taxed and collected by provinces in two modes
as under Payment of Tax on the basis of ownership of Land.(fixed) Payment of Tax
on the basis of income from agriculture.

In the provinces, the agri tax is generally recovered / collected on land
ownership basis. Due to economic constraints the economists also prefer to levy
agri tax on land ownership basis.

Another objection which is raised on agriculture sector is that for the purpose
of agri tax calculation, based on ownership / land holding this sector pays less
tax as compared to salaried persons who pay a major share of their income as tax
and land lords with large holdings also pay nominal tax out of the income earned
from agriculture. This economic disparity is also highlighted by other sectors
who emphasize upon the necessity of collecting tax from agriculture sector like
other sectors. In Pakistan, tax share in our national revenue is only 9% which
is less than whole world even if compared with neighboring countries like India
and Bangladesh. If Pakistan wants to increase its tax revenue upto 14%, GST &
income tax has to be expanded and made more practical because it will never be
possible by levying agriculture tax only. Irrespective of the facts mentioned
above, if provinces are serious to collect agriculture income tax, they have to
update the land record which includes, Malkiyat, Girdawaree, Jama bandi and keep
track of the change in ownership.

However, one important factor should also be kept in mind that for imposing
income tax on agriculture income, constitutional amendment would also be needed
to empower the federal government to implement and collect it as very rightly
often mentioned by finance minister. However, before doing this following facts
should also be kept in mind.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Case for agriculture tax

BYLINE: Asim Bashir Khan

LENGTH: 949  words


The agriculture sector in Pakistan contributes around 21% of total gross
domestic product (GDP), but the cumulative collection of agriculture tax is less
than 1% of the total.

As per the Agriculture Census of Pakistan, 2010, there were 8.26 million farms
in Pakistan with an area of 21.41 million hectares. The average farm-wise tax
collection for the year 2014-15 amounted to Rs270 per acre per annum, which is
meagre as compare to the annual farm income.

Apart from its significant contribution to the GDP, the sector receives a
massive amount of subsidy every year in form of support prices and input
subsidisation. Since the federal and provincial governments have persistently
faced fiscal stress therefore, introducing progressive taxation to agriculture
sector is more relevant in today's context.

Agriculture income tax is a provincial subject under the Constitution of
Pakistan, 1973 and therefore, exempted from federal taxation under Income tax
Ordinance, 2001. Every attempt of bringing direct taxation to the agriculture
sector has proven to be unsuccessful yet, partially due to lack of political
will, institutional capacity and data limitations. The dominance of indirect
taxes and low tax-to-GDP ratio highlight the need for more direct taxation
specifically at sub-the national tier, because provincial governments tend to
substitute intergovernmental federal transfers over their own source fiscal
effort.

However, many scholars on the subject believe that land revenue (tax on land) is
a good taxation system on the basis of efficiency argument i.e. land is readily
observable and all land records are well documented with respective provincial
Boards of Revenue. Ongoing computerisation of land records would further
facilitate collection. However, the land tax is primarily regressive in nature
and a flat rate system doesn't take into account the vertical and horizontal
equity argument.

Many research studies have attempted to estimate the potential of direct
taxation in the agriculture sector and come up with ambitious results.
Specially, the Taxation Enquiry Committee Report, 1960 and Report of Prime
Minister's Task Force on Agriculture, 1993 emphasised the need for imposition of
direct taxes in agriculture sector with optimal degree of progressivity and
fairness.

The existing agriculture tax legislations and structure are defective. The two
taxes  land revenue and agriculture income tax  in their present form are
inelastic with respect to prices and production. The issue of horizontal
inequity is also an important deriving force for advocacy of agriculture income
tax. For example, the upper income group (those who own large farmlands) in
agriculture pays much lower taxes as percentage of income than their
counterparts in non-agriculture sector. So this argument paves the way for
imposition of agriculture income taxation to bring equity and fairness to the
system.

Issues, data sources and limitations

The taxation of agriculture sector is much more complicated in comparison with
taxation of business income, corporation tax etc. Worldwide the agriculture tax
can be classified into three types. (1) land tax with at least four variants the
flat acreage tax, progressive acreage tax, the flat capital value tax, the
progressive capital value tax. (2) output tax with flat gross produce tax and
progressive gross produce tax, and the (3) is tax on agriculture income.

The calculation of agriculture income taxation on the basis of Produce Index
Unit (PIUs) is an attractive proposition. But the major defect of this approach
is that existing PIUs are based on outdated settlements.

Working an alternative mechanism for calculation of agriculture income is
different and far more difficult specifically when it comes to data aggregation
from number of different sources and agencies.

The data of crops are periodically recorded under Crop Reporting System (CRS) by
agriculture department of provincial governments and provincial BORs are
custodians of record of farm holdings. Assessing individual farmer's income over
and above the exemption ceiling requires at least four important pieces of
information. 1) ownership record of land with National Identity Card (NIC)
numbers. 2) details of crops cultivation during the year, output, yield. 3)
details of inputs used for cultivation with their respective cost and 4) farm
gate prices of crops.

The available extensive data sources in agriculture sector are Agriculture
Statistics of Pakistan (annual) and Agriculture Census of Pakistan (after every
10 years). The census record comprises of holdings and relevant details of
agriculture households and not individuals therefore, crude estimates of farm
based taxation may be generated from this record but for income assessment for
tax purpose this data is not appropriate. BORs data on tenure classification is
the most appropriate and may be synchronised with the data of prices as recorded
by the Pakistan Bureau of Statistics (PBS), though PBS does not provide farm
gate prices, therefore, any use of market price would overstate farmers' income.

Once at aggregate level, when issues in data availability are sorted out, then
individual owner, tenant, sharecropper's income against his/her NIC may be
calculated. To ensure inter-sectoral horizontal equality, the tax rate on
taxable income derived from business under Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 may be
applied to calculate tax liability of the individual farmers.

A number of studies have estimated farm based potential of agriculture income
tax in Pakistan and come up with ambitious results. Given the present strain on
exchequer it is high time and most viable to think for direct taxation in
agriculture sector.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 22, 2011 Sunday

Pakistan: 'Farmers are already heavily taxed'

LENGTH: 851  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, May 22 -- No doubt, every sector in Pakistan should pay tax but it is
wrongly being propagated that agriculture sector is exempted from taxes; in
fact, farmers are already heavily taxed and are paying numerous forms of taxes.

This was stated by Dr. Mohammad Tariq Bucha, President Malik Khuda Bukhsh Bucha
Agriculture Foundation and Chief Coordinator Farmers Associates Pakistan (FAP),
while talking to media.

"Agricultural Income Tax is already imposed and is being recovered. Moreover, a
farmer also has to pay Abiana, sugarcane cess and cotton cess besides other
numerous indirect taxes through which the government collects around Rs80
billion."

Now, after the imposition of 17.5 per cent RGST on agriculture inputs and
machinery, it factually translates about 25 per cent increase in per acre input
cost of the farmer, he elaborated.

"Whenever, Pakistan's economy is under pressure, instead of reducing its
expenses or deferring non-productive projects, the government has always adopted
easy and coercive measures such as the levy of further taxes, including the
issue of tax on agriculture income," he observed.

Our economists and policy makers seem to be determined to destroy the
agriculture sector of Pakistan which is presently the only productive sector of
Pakistan, he added.

We acknowledge policy makers' concern about reviving the economy of Pakistan but
they, being predominantly bureaucrats and others not elected by the people, do
not understand the problems of the farmers living in rural areas under extremely
hard conditions, facing issues of survival and sustainability, he said.

"In the developed countries to which our benefactors, the like the World Bank
and the IMF belong, agriculture tax is not considered a reliable source of
revenue generation. There are no confirmed figures about revenue generation from
agriculture income though its advocates in Pakistan claim that, despite the fact
that contribution of agriculture sector in the national income is around 25 per
cent , there is very nominal contribution from this sector in the revenue," he
said.

On the other hand, he added, people who opposed the agriculture income tax
thought that they were already paying agriculture tax through the Income Tax
Ordinance 1997, subsequently amended through the Income Tax Ordinance 2001. "The
difference being that, earlier in 1997, tax on agriculture, was based on land
holding, therefore it was a land-based tax. While, in 2001, the tax was
redefined by adding the "word" agriculture income with a stipulation to pay the
amount of tax on income whichever was higher, thereby qualifying as the income
tax on agriculture," he maintained.

According to Bucha, all policy makers of the world agree that collection of tax
on small business, services and agriculture is very difficult while agriculture
tax is even more cumbersome and difficult to collect. On the other hand, he
added, agriculture tax had very nominal importance in the developed countries,
rather it was almost nil in the OECD countries. For example, in underdeveloped
countries like Pakistan and India, its contribution to GDP of the country was 24
per cent and 15 per cent respectively. The figure is often discussed & quoted in
media and the economic policies, he added.

"It is very easy to say that, like other sectors, income from agriculture should
also be taxed but, firstly, it is already taxed and, secondly, its assessment
and collection was very difficult and impracticable because of many reasons," he
said. It is not possible to calculate agriculture income and tax on the income
as compared with other sectors, he added. He observed that the performance of
the Income Tax department was already unsatisfactory in already taxed sectors
where they collected around 63 per cent of the tax collected as advance tax.

The FAP chief coordinator said that one important factor should also be kept in
mind that, for imposing income tax on agriculture income, constitutional
amendment would also be needed to empower the federal government to implement
and collect it as very rightly often mentioned by the finance minister.

However, he added, land holding was decreasing day by day. Those critics and
advocates who are still under the illusion that there is still a large number of
big landlords in Pakistan, must know that there are only 2 per cent farmers in
Pakistan who are the owners of 50 acres or more," he said.

"Our parliamentarians should also guide people and refrain from statements about
this subject merely for temporary political gains.

However, it is very important to create awareness in the farmers about tax
system and ensure properly documented and transparent collection system so that
collected tax could be deposited in the government account," he said.

Other provinces should also make concerted and effective efforts to collect
agriculture income tax just like it is being done in Punjab, Bucha added
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Dar screws agri-tax evaders

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


No one knows that the sitting government has initiated a landmark step in the
budget 2013-14 for increasing the number of tax payers in agriculture and for
this all credit goes to Ishaq Dar Finance Minister of the country.

The unscrupulous elements, who usually manage to escape from the taxes in the
capital saying that their income comes from agriculture sector, have been asked
to first get the certificate from the respective provincial governments that
their income comes from agriculture sector, otherwise themselves to taxation in
the federal territory.

The sane decision of the Finance Minister has landed the unscrupulous elements
into deep trouble as they are left with no option but to contribute towards
strengthening of the country by giving taxes either in federal territory or in
their respective provinces. They have been told in clear words that they enjoy
no escape any more.

The agriculture income tax is the provincial subject and the federal government
is not liable to get this tax in the federal capital. But the clever people of
affluent class avoid the taxes by showing their income as from agriculture
sector. The sane move of the finance minister will prompt them to get
certification from the provincial government showing that their income is based
on agriculture, and thus they will have to give tax in their provinces and if
they do not get the certificate, then they would have to give the tax in federal
capital on the ground that their income is not based on agriculture.

This step would not only increase the number of tax payers both in federal
capital and provinces.According to the official at Ministry of Finance, there is
a huge potential of collecting the taxes of Rs 70 billion just from agriculture
sector, but in last year the total tax of just Rs 1 billion has been collected
that include Rs 700 million from Punjab and just Rs 30 million from Sindh.

He said that there are many business tycoons who have managed to get the huge
agriculture holdings and they are found least interested in sowing crops there.
They just use holding for showing that they have agriculture land and use the
said holdings to aviod the huge taxes saying that their income is based on
agriculture. The tax on agriculture is nominal in the provinces.

The official said that during the current financial year, the mighty businessmen
having the huge agriculture holdings who show that they have agriculture income
only, would be registered in the provinces and next year the Punjab government
would at least increase the agriculture income tax to a reasonable level.

The unscrupulous elements, who would be registered in Punjab would be left with
no potion but to give the increased tax on agriculture income in next financial
year and it will give mammoth impetus to the revenue generation mobilization
drive of the sitting government.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Dar screws agri-tax evaders

BYLINE:  Ali Syed

SECTION: Vol. XXIV No. 272

LENGTH: 474  words


No one knows that the sitting government has initiated a landmark step in the
budget 2013-14 for increasing the number of tax payers in agriculture and for
this all credit goes to Ishaq Dar Finance Minister of the country.

The unscrupulous elements, who usually manage to escape from the taxes in the
capital saying that their income comes from agriculture sector, have been asked
to first get the certificate from the respective provincial governments that
their income comes from agriculture sector, otherwise themselves to taxation in
the federal territory.

The sane decision of the Finance Minister has landed the unscrupulous elements
into deep trouble as they are left with no option but to contribute towards
strengthening of the country by giving taxes either in federal territory or in
their respective provinces. They have been told in clear words that they enjoy
no escape any more.

The agriculture income tax is the provincial subject and the federal government
is not liable to get this tax in the federal capital. But the clever people of
affluent class avoid the taxes by showing their income as from agriculture
sector. The sane move of the finance minister will prompt them to get
certification from the provincial government showing that their income is based
on agriculture, and thus they will have to give tax in their provinces and if
they do not get the certificate, then they would have to give the tax in federal
capital on the ground that their income is not based on agriculture.

This step would not only increase the number of tax payers both in federal
capital and provinces.According to the official at Ministry of Finance, there is
a huge potential of collecting the taxes of Rs 70 billion just from agriculture
sector, but in last year the total tax of just Rs 1 billion has been collected
that include Rs 700 million from Punjab and just Rs 30 million from Sindh.

He said that there are many business tycoons who have managed to get the huge
agriculture holdings and they are found least interested in sowing crops there.
They just use holding for showing that they have agriculture land and use the
said holdings to aviod the huge taxes saying that their income is based on
agriculture. The tax on agriculture is nominal in the provinces.

The official said that during the current financial year, the mighty businessmen
having the huge agriculture holdings who show that they have agriculture income
only, would be registered in the provinces and next year the Punjab government
would at least increase the agriculture income tax to a reasonable level.

The unscrupulous elements, who would be registered in Punjab would be left with
no potion but to give the increased tax on agriculture income in next financial
year and it will give mammoth impetus to the revenue generation mobilization
drive of the sitting government.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Agriculture sector/remittances: nearly 60 percent return filers claim nil
income: FBR chief

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 348

LENGTH: 468  words


The Federal Board of Revenue's exercise of broadening the tax base revealed that
nearly 60 percent of income tax return filers claimed nil income earned from
agriculture sector or remittances and the declared data on agricultural income
has been shared with the provinces to check the authenticity of their claims in
the returns.

Federal Board of Revenue Chairman Salman Siddiq told reporters on Monday that
during the broadening of tax base drive over 700,000 rich had been identified
and around 60 percent of return filers have declared that they have created
these assets from agriculture income and remittances, 50 percent of them
mentioned their income from agriculture and 10 percent income from remittances.

Once the verification of such details to be received from provinces for those
who don't have agriculture income, than FBR would be taking next step to enforce
filing of income tax returns, who have submitted wrong data.

He said that the due to discriminatory tax system a major portion of the
population, despite having wealth and assets is not paying their due taxes and
there is dire need to bring such persons in income tax net or agriculture income
tax net.

Provinces are also making arrangements for improved agriculture income tax
mechanism and Punjab has proposed unified rate and mechanism for this tax.

In this connection, the FBR has decided to share data of those rich who have
been identified under the drive of documentation and declared that they have
created their assets from agriculture income so as to book them under provincial
agriculture income tax net.

FBR Chairman further highlighted that the Board has found that nearly 60 percent
of income tax returns filers claimed nil income earned from agriculture sector
out of total 36,000 filed returns.

"Out of 60 percent showing nil income in their returns, there is 10 percent who
have shown receiving money from abroad in shape of remittances," he added.

Sharing another major step to improve audit system, Salman Siddiq stated that
the FBR has also decided to launch Risk Based Audit Plan based on central risk
benchmarks for selection of income tax returns for Tax Year 2011 from January
2012.

This plan would remain under implementation for next six months and risk
criteria would be forwarded to regional tax offices for selection of income tax
returns for total audit of income tax returns and said that hopes are high that
this audit would yield good results, he added.

He also informed that a major step is being implemented from January 2012 under
which no input tax adjustment would be allowed to GST registered persons who
would not mention CNIC and NTN of their un-registered buyers in the sales tax
returns.

This would help not only to document the economy, but, would also help increase
revenue in this fiscal year, he added.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

Pakistan: Dar screws agri-tax evaders

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Aug. 2 -- No one knows that the sitting government has initiated a
landmark step in the budget 2013-14 for increasing the number of tax payers in
agriculture and for this all credit goes to Ishaq Dar Finance Minister of the
country.

The unscrupulous elements, who usually manage to escape from the taxes in the
capital saying that their income comes from agriculture sector, have been asked
to first get the certificate from the respective provincial governments that
their income comes from agriculture sector, otherwise themselves to taxation in
the federal territory.

The sane decision of the Finance Minister has landed the unscrupulous elements
into deep trouble as they are left with no option but to contribute towards
strengthening of the country by giving taxes either in federal territory or in
their respective provinces. They have been told in clear words that they enjoy
no escape any more.

The agriculture income tax is the provincial subject and the federal government
is not liable to get this tax in the federal capital. But the clever people of
affluent class avoid the taxes by showing their income as from agriculture
sector. The sane move of the finance minister will prompt them to get
certification from the provincial government showing that their income is based
on agriculture, and thus they will have to give tax in their provinces and if
they do not get the certificate, then they would have to give the tax in federal
capital on the ground that their income is not based on agriculture.

This step would not only increase the number of tax payers both in federal
capital and provinces.According to the official at Ministry of Finance, there is
a huge potential of collecting the taxes of Rs 70 billion just from agriculture
sector, but in last year the total tax of just Rs 1 billion has been collected
that include Rs 700 million from Punjab and just Rs 30 million from Sindh.

He said that there are many business tycoons who have managed to get the huge
agriculture holdings and they are found least interested in sowing crops there.
They just use holding for showing that they have agriculture land and use the
said holdings to aviod the huge taxes saying that their income is based on
agriculture. The tax on agriculture is nominal in the provinces.

The official said that during the current financial year, the mighty businessmen
having the huge agriculture holdings who show that they have agriculture income
only, would be registered in the provinces and next year the Punjab government
would at least increase the agriculture income tax to a reasonable level.

The unscrupulous elements, who would be registered in Punjab would be left with
no potion but to give the increased tax on agriculture income in next financial
year and it will give mammoth impetus to the revenue generation mobilization
drive of the sitting government

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

Government making efforts to increase collection of agriculture income tax:
Sindh Assembly told

BYLINE: ANWAR KHAN

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 61

LENGTH: 438  words


The government is set to make efforts to scale up the low agriculture income tax
revenues, Sindh Senior Parliamentary Affairs Minister Nisar Khuhro told the
provincial lawmakers on Monday. The minister, who also holds education
portfolio, was responding to legislators' queries during the Sindh Assembly
session. He said that collection under the head of agriculture income tax was
lower and needed growth. He said that the government was stepping up to increase
the tax revenues.

The government acquires revenues in the agriculture sector from irrigation,
local and drainage cess, mutation and land and agriculture income taxes, he said
and added that only 1344 landlords had paid the tax out of a total of 7366 in
fiscal year 2012-13.

Khuhro acknowledged that the agriculture income tax had been lower since there
had been no such focus on the collection to grow provincial revenue. Those
landlords evading agriculture income tax should be served with notices, he
suggested. He however defended the landlords' grievances, saying that they had
already been paying other agriculture taxes and should not be subjected to the
income tax. He said that the landlords were facing injustice in this regard.
There should be a symmetrical income tax slabs for industrialists and
agriculture landlords, he demanded.

A maximum income tax slab for agriculture landlords is Rs 80, 000 but for
industrialists Rs 400, 000, he told the house, asking for a matching taxation to
give a relief to those associated with the farming sector. He said that the
landlords had a reservation on the taxation but everyone falling in tax net
should file returns.

Under agriculture income tax, the government collected Rs 4.94 million against
the target of Rs 8.77 million in fiscal year 2010-11, Rs 6.677 million against
7.994 million in 2011-12 and Rs 101.6 million against 110.23 million in 2012-13,
he said, urging that people associated with any sector to pay the tax. The house
also adopted a resolution to laud Sharmeen Obaid Chinoy for winning Oscar for
her documentary 'a girl in the river' highlighting the menace of females'
killing in the name of honour in Pakistani society. MQM's female lawmakers Erum
Khalid and Heer Ismail Soho tabled the very resolution.

The lawmakers also voted to adopt 'the Sindh Employees Social Security Bill
2016' into law. The bill is aimed at helping the province evolve its rules on
workers securities on their illness and provision of welfare to heirs in case of
their accidents, death and injury in the light of 18th Constitutional Amendment,
Khuhro told the house. Later, the house was adjourned till Tuesday morning.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: Sindh sets Rs500 million agriculture income tax target

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, June 13 -- The Sindh government hopes that agriculture income tax
target of Rs300 million this year will be achieved and has set a target of Rs500
million for 2011/12.

Sindh minister for finance Murad Ali Shah in his budget speech on Friday said
agriculture income tax was already in place and there was no need for a new tax.

Industrialists and economists have been demanding that Pakistan's revenue base
should be increased by imposing agriculture income tax. But people in
agriculture oppose such proposals.

Economist Kaiser Bengali told media that there was no study to suggest the total
potential of agriculture income tax in Sindh. He said there were only a few
landlords who came under agriculture income tax net.

He said it was not the issue of efficiency, but the issue of justice. There
should be no exemption for any sector, he said.

Agriculture sector, contributor of 25 percent, or more than Rs2 trillion, to the
gross domestic product, does not pay any direct income tax.

The sector does, however, pay tax according to the size of land holdings.

Dr Mohammad Tariq Bucha, Director and Chief Coordinator Farmers Associates
Pakistan (FAP), asked why economists and policy makers were determined to
destroy the agriculture sector, which was the only productive sector of
Pakistan.

He said the policy makers being bureaucrats and not elected representatives did
not understand the problems of farmers.

"In developed countries to which our benefactors like World Bank and IMF belong
agriculture tax is not considered a reliable source of revenue generation," he
said.

In 1997, tax from agriculture was collected on the basis of land holding, but in
2001 it was redefined by adding the words "agriculture income" with a
stipulation to pay tax on income or on land holding whichever was higher.

According to an Indian writer, agriculture tax in under developed countries is
very difficult because most of the transactions are undertaken without receipts.

Bucha said those critics and advocates who are still under the illusion that
there are large numbers of big landlords in Pakistan must know that only two
percent farmers in Pakistan own 50 acres or more.

The owners of more than 50 acres were only 1.4 percent in Punjab, eight percent
in Balochistan, 4.1 percent in Sindh and 1.1 percent in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in
2000, he said.

By 2007, the percentage of large ownership had fallen further to 0.05 percent in
Punjab because of inheritance, economic needs, conversion of agriculture land
into residential colonies and many other reasons, he claimed.

There has been more fragmentation since 2007 in agriculture land holding in
Punjab, he said.

Agriculture Tax Act 1997

Land ownership Tax

12.5 acres No tax

12.5 acres to 25 acres Rs100 per acre

26 acres to 50 acres Rs250 per acre

50 acres or more Rs300 per acr Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            November 14, 2011 Monday

FBR officials for imposing agri tax

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 008

LENGTH: 416  words


Senior officials of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) have recommended imposing
in three phases and suggested that Abiana or levies payable on land revenue
should be treated as tax credit. A report in this connection suggested that in
the first phase the agriculture income should be clubbed with the income from
other sources and tax should be calculated on this basis. "Proportionate relief
and tax credits shall be granted and total payable tax should be determined
under this formula," said the report, which was recently submitted to the senior
management of FBR.

It said in case where there is only agriculture income, the income from other
heads of income should be taken as zero and proportionate relief should be given
at 80 percent of the entitled relief. In the second phase the taxation on
agriculture can be a withholding tax on the total income received for the sale
of agriculture produce.

"The rate of this tax can be 3.5 percent," the paper suggested. In the final
phase agriculture income can be treated as a separate head and all expenditures
incurred on deriving this income can be admitted as expense, the report said.

Agriculture is the back bone of economy of Pakistan contributing almost 22
percent to GDP but its share in tax is less than one percent. The report said
that the issue of agriculture income tax has been raised by taxation department
from time to time over the last four decades but had always been shelved on one
pretext or another. "It has been argued by landlords that they pay land revenue
and Usher and, more importantly, the prices of agriculture commodities are kept
artificially low," it said. "Since colonial era, landlords have acquired immense
political power. Obviously they are in a position to block any move towards
agriculture tax," it added.

Recently the high-ups of the ministry of finance, including the federal
minister, repeatedly stressed that the agriculture income tax is a provincial
subject under the constitution. The report said that provincial assemblies are
also dominated by landlords, who always block any such move. According to the
report, feudal class politicians have always opposed agriculture income tax
arguing that agriculture is the profession of poor segment of the society and,
therefore, it should not be taxed.

"They have basically played their politics very wisely to get their benefits
because it is only a small chunk of the land that is with the poor farmers and
the major portion of land is with them," it said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                            November 13, 2011 Sunday

FBR officials for imposing agri tax

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 007

LENGTH: 416  words


Senior officials of the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) have recommended imposing
in three phases and suggested that Abiana or levies payable on land revenue
should be treated as tax credit. A report in this connection suggested that in
the first phase the agriculture income should be clubbed with the income from
other sources and tax should be calculated on this basis. "Proportionate relief
and tax credits shall be granted and total payable tax should be determined
under this formula," said the report, which was recently submitted to the senior
management of FBR.

It said in case where there is only agriculture income, the income from other
heads of income should be taken as zero and proportionate relief should be given
at 80 percent of the entitled relief. In the second phase the taxation on
agriculture can be a withholding tax on the total income received for the sale
of agriculture produce.

"The rate of this tax can be 3.5 percent," the paper suggested. In the final
phase agriculture income can be treated as a separate head and all expenditures
incurred on deriving this income can be admitted as expense, the report said.

Agriculture is the back bone of economy of Pakistan contributing almost 22
percent to GDP but its share in tax is less than one percent. The report said
that the issue of agriculture income tax has been raised by taxation department
from time to time over the last four decades but had always been shelved on one
pretext or another. "It has been argued by landlords that they pay land revenue
and Usher and, more importantly, the prices of agriculture commodities are kept
artificially low," it said. "Since colonial era, landlords have acquired immense
political power. Obviously they are in a position to block any move towards
agriculture tax," it added.

Recently the high-ups of the ministry of finance, including the federal
minister, repeatedly stressed that the agriculture income tax is a provincial
subject under the constitution. The report said that provincial assemblies are
also dominated by landlords, who always block any such move. According to the
report, feudal class politicians have always opposed agriculture income tax
arguing that agriculture is the profession of poor segment of the society and,
therefore, it should not be taxed.

"They have basically played their politics very wisely to get their benefits
because it is only a small chunk of the land that is with the poor farmers and
the major portion of land is with them," it said.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

SAARC Agriculture Vision 2020

BYLINE:  IFTIKHAR ALI MALIK

SECTION: Vol. L No. 38

LENGTH: 1351  words


SAARC Region is broadly classified as low-income or, low-middle income category
in global parlance. While poverty and hunger remain one of the major challenges
before the region. Agriculture is remains the predominant sector of the region's
economies. A vast majority of population in the region lives in rural areas and
depends upon agriculture for livelihood and sustenance. Despite rapid growth of
some of the economies in the region, dependence on agriculture, as primary
occupation, has witnessed little decline whereas future growth of agriculture
sector is critical to eradication of poverty, livelihood security, reduction in
hunger and promoting sustainable and inclusive growth of the regional economies.

Region-wide agriculture is facing several challenges, threatening its growth and
sustainability. The physical and economic environment in which agricultural
activities are undertaken is changing rapidly and getting complex. This
necessitates preparedness to face upcoming challenges and unfolding new reality.
Many changes affecting agriculture transcends geography and are trans-boundary
in nature: climate change, trans-boundary animal and plant diseases pose
formidable challenges which require strong regional co-operation to face. 'SAARC
Agriculture Vision 2020' would help maximise benefits from available options,
enhance ability to face threats and new challenges and to harness the
opportunities forthcoming.

OBJECTIVE Develop science based strategy for collective response to threat,
challenges and opportunities and global shocks, based on ground realities of
SAARC countries.

GROUND REALITY-SAARC Region

The Region is home to 1.567 billion people (23.7% of global population). The
share of the Region in terms of global land and water resources is however much
lower than the population share eg Region's geographic coverage is mere 3.95% of
the global land mass. Because of high populatiopressure on land, percentage of
arable land to total area is muchhigher than the global average eg the share of
the region in global arable land is 14%. The region also has very high incidence
of poverty and hunger. Based on the country-wise data (ref. Asian Development
Bank), it is estimated that 451 million people in the Region live below poverty
line; and proportion of these hardcore people in the total population is 28.83%.
The principal reason for high incidence of poverty in the region is low per
capita income and inequitable distribution of income: with 23.7% share in global
population, the region has only 2.62% share in global income.

Low Income, High Poverty, Under-nutrition

Per capita Gross National Income (GNI) in the eight Member States ranges from
$345 to $3,277: lowest Per Capita Income is in Afghanistan while the highest is
in Maldives. Per capita GNI in India and Pakistan is around US $1,000. Low level
of income is one of the primary reasons for wide prevalence of poverty and
severe under-nutrition. Poverty in the region varies between 21% - 53% while 17%
- 30% of population in different countries does not consume minimum level of
globally recommended dietary energy. Predominance of Agriculture.

Majority population in South Asia lives in rural areas, depending on
agricultural activities as their principal source of income and employment.
Share of rural population in total population varies between 66% in Pakistan to
86% in Nepal. Except for Maldives, share of agriculture in total GDP varies
between 16.5% - 40% (approx.). In Maldives, less than 3% of total GDP is
contributed by agriculture. Due to low productivity of agriculture, per worker
income in agriculture is low and, as a consequence, the proportion of population
living under poverty is quite high.

Agriculture farming in South Asia is dominated by small holdings ie average size
of holding is below 0.5 hectare in Bangladesh, below 1.0 hectare in Sri Lanka
and Nepal. In India, average farm size is 1.41 hectare. Pakistan is much better
endowed with land resources (average farm size is 3.0 hectare). Except Pakistan,
holdings below one hectare account for more than 60% of total farm holdings.

Small size of holding is reflected in very low land to labour ratio. Except
Pakistan and Afghanistan, one hectare of arable land supports more than one
agriculture worker. Close to five workers draw their livelihood from one hectare
of arable land in Bangladesh and Nepal. Another disquiet aspect of agriculture
is increasing dependence on land for livelihood in all the countries, as
manifested by rising ranks of workers per hectare of land.

Another serious disadvantage faced by the farmers in the Region is heavy
dependence on rain-fed agriculture. Area under irrigation as per cent of arable
land is around 33% in India, 39% in Sri Lanka, 47% in Nepal and 56% in
Bangladesh. In Pakistan however, 90% of agriculture is under irrigation.

Livelihood security, eradication of poverty, reduction in hunger, and
sustainable and inclusive growth of economy of each country thus critically
hinge on the future of agriculture.

Agricultural Productivity

Cereal and pulses are the main staple region-wide. Per hectare yield of main
staples in all the countries is however lower than world average. Growth rate in
productivity is also low. Agricultural output growth has slowed down in most of
the countries and, in other countries where growth is still at reasonably high
level, it is becoming increasingly difficult to maintain that. Despite the high
potential, agricultural productivity is getting stuck at low level and increase
in productivity requires increased use of inputs. This is lowering efficiency of
production and diminishing profit margins.

MAJOR CHALLENGES FOR REGIONAL AGRICULTURE Increase and sustaining agricultural
growth.

Growth rate of agriculture in SAARC region is low and unstable. Whereas total
GDP in most Member States has shown high growth in the recent past, except for
Nepal and Sri Lanka, total GDP of other SAARC countries increased by more than
5% per annum over the first six years of the present decade. Gap between growth
rate of agriculture and non-agriculture sector is rising in all the countries.

Disparities between Agriculture and Non-Agriculture sectors

Labour force in agriculture is not shifting to non-agriculture sector despite
high growth of the latter. As a result, per capita income in non-agriculture
sector and urban areas is rising at a much faster rate compared to agriculture
sector and rural areas. This raises concern over equity; and is adversely
affecting the interest and investments in farm sector. Such inequality could be
addressed in two ways: (i) by shifting workforce from agriculture to non-
agriculture sectors; and (ii) by raising overall growth in agriculture sector.
Both the options are important for reducing income inequality and poverty in the
region.

Poverty, Hunger, Under-nutrition

Reduction in poverty and under-nutrition is slow in most of the countries.
Concerted efforts need to be put to meet the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs)
and SDGs - to which all SAARC countries have committed. Agriculture growth is
necessary condition for access and affordability to ensure food and nutrition
security.

Natural Resource degradation

Natural resources ie land, water and ecosystem are showing symptoms of
degradation and fatigue and causing adverse effect on sustainability and
prospects of future growth.

Climate Change

Climate change is now an accepted reality and, in some cases, is predicted to
cause heavy damage to the Region. South Asia is among the most vulnerable
regions in the world to natural disasters related to climate change. Two main
dimensions of climate change, that would impact agriculture, are increased
temperature and changes in precipitation pattern. These changes, taking place on
a global scale, would impact local agriculture and therefore affect the local
and global food supply. Its difficult to precisely estimate how farming might be
affected in different regions, as the impact on the agrarian economy in a given
region / country will depend upon the interplay of the dynamic factors specific
to each area.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

SAARC Agriculture Vision 2020

BYLINE:  IFTIKHAR ALI MALIK

SECTION: Vol. L No. 38

LENGTH: 1351  words


SAARC Region is broadly classified as low-income or, low-middle income category
in global parlance. While poverty and hunger remain one of the major challenges
before the region. Agriculture is remains the predominant sector of the region's
economies. A vast majority of population in the region lives in rural areas and
depends upon agriculture for livelihood and sustenance. Despite rapid growth of
some of the economies in the region, dependence on agriculture, as primary
occupation, has witnessed little decline whereas future growth of agriculture
sector is critical to eradication of poverty, livelihood security, reduction in
hunger and promoting sustainable and inclusive growth of the regional economies.

Region-wide agriculture is facing several challenges, threatening its growth and
sustainability. The physical and economic environment in which agricultural
activities are undertaken is changing rapidly and getting complex. This
necessitates preparedness to face upcoming challenges and unfolding new reality.
Many changes affecting agriculture transcends geography and are trans-boundary
in nature: climate change, trans-boundary animal and plant diseases pose
formidable challenges which require strong regional co-operation to face. 'SAARC
Agriculture Vision 2020' would help maximise benefits from available options,
enhance ability to face threats and new challenges and to harness the
opportunities forthcoming.

OBJECTIVE Develop science based strategy for collective response to threat,
challenges and opportunities and global shocks, based on ground realities of
SAARC countries.

GROUND REALITY-SAARC Region

The Region is home to 1.567 billion people (23.7% of global population). The
share of the Region in terms of global land and water resources is however much
lower than the population share eg Region's geographic coverage is mere 3.95% of
the global land mass. Because of high populatiopressure on land, percentage of
arable land to total area is muchhigher than the global average eg the share of
the region in global arable land is 14%. The region also has very high incidence
of poverty and hunger. Based on the country-wise data (ref. Asian Development
Bank), it is estimated that 451 million people in the Region live below poverty
line; and proportion of these hardcore people in the total population is 28.83%.
The principal reason for high incidence of poverty in the region is low per
capita income and inequitable distribution of income: with 23.7% share in global
population, the region has only 2.62% share in global income.

Low Income, High Poverty, Under-nutrition

Per capita Gross National Income (GNI) in the eight Member States ranges from
$345 to $3,277: lowest Per Capita Income is in Afghanistan while the highest is
in Maldives. Per capita GNI in India and Pakistan is around US $1,000. Low level
of income is one of the primary reasons for wide prevalence of poverty and
severe under-nutrition. Poverty in the region varies between 21% - 53% while 17%
- 30% of population in different countries does not consume minimum level of
globally recommended dietary energy. Predominance of Agriculture.

Majority population in South Asia lives in rural areas, depending on
agricultural activities as their principal source of income and employment.
Share of rural population in total population varies between 66% in Pakistan to
86% in Nepal. Except for Maldives, share of agriculture in total GDP varies
between 16.5% - 40% (approx.). In Maldives, less than 3% of total GDP is
contributed by agriculture. Due to low productivity of agriculture, per worker
income in agriculture is low and, as a consequence, the proportion of population
living under poverty is quite high.

Agriculture farming in South Asia is dominated by small holdings ie average size
of holding is below 0.5 hectare in Bangladesh, below 1.0 hectare in Sri Lanka
and Nepal. In India, average farm size is 1.41 hectare. Pakistan is much better
endowed with land resources (average farm size is 3.0 hectare). Except Pakistan,
holdings below one hectare account for more than 60% of total farm holdings.

Small size of holding is reflected in very low land to labour ratio. Except
Pakistan and Afghanistan, one hectare of arable land supports more than one
agriculture worker. Close to five workers draw their livelihood from one hectare
of arable land in Bangladesh and Nepal. Another disquiet aspect of agriculture
is increasing dependence on land for livelihood in all the countries, as
manifested by rising ranks of workers per hectare of land.

Another serious disadvantage faced by the farmers in the Region is heavy
dependence on rain-fed agriculture. Area under irrigation as per cent of arable
land is around 33% in India, 39% in Sri Lanka, 47% in Nepal and 56% in
Bangladesh. In Pakistan however, 90% of agriculture is under irrigation.

Livelihood security, eradication of poverty, reduction in hunger, and
sustainable and inclusive growth of economy of each country thus critically
hinge on the future of agriculture.

Agricultural Productivity

Cereal and pulses are the main staple region-wide. Per hectare yield of main
staples in all the countries is however lower than world average. Growth rate in
productivity is also low. Agricultural output growth has slowed down in most of
the countries and, in other countries where growth is still at reasonably high
level, it is becoming increasingly difficult to maintain that. Despite the high
potential, agricultural productivity is getting stuck at low level and increase
in productivity requires increased use of inputs. This is lowering efficiency of
production and diminishing profit margins.

MAJOR CHALLENGES FOR REGIONAL AGRICULTURE Increase and sustaining agricultural
growth.

Growth rate of agriculture in SAARC region is low and unstable. Whereas total
GDP in most Member States has shown high growth in the recent past, except for
Nepal and Sri Lanka, total GDP of other SAARC countries increased by more than
5% per annum over the first six years of the present decade. Gap between growth
rate of agriculture and non-agriculture sector is rising in all the countries.

Disparities between Agriculture and Non-Agriculture sectors

Labour force in agriculture is not shifting to non-agriculture sector despite
high growth of the latter. As a result, per capita income in non-agriculture
sector and urban areas is rising at a much faster rate compared to agriculture
sector and rural areas. This raises concern over equity; and is adversely
affecting the interest and investments in farm sector. Such inequality could be
addressed in two ways: (i) by shifting workforce from agriculture to non-
agriculture sectors; and (ii) by raising overall growth in agriculture sector.
Both the options are important for reducing income inequality and poverty in the
region.

Poverty, Hunger, Under-nutrition

Reduction in poverty and under-nutrition is slow in most of the countries.
Concerted efforts need to be put to meet the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs)
and SDGs - to which all SAARC countries have committed. Agriculture growth is
necessary condition for access and affordability to ensure food and nutrition
security.

Natural Resource degradation

Natural resources ie land, water and ecosystem are showing symptoms of
degradation and fatigue and causing adverse effect on sustainability and
prospects of future growth.

Climate Change

Climate change is now an accepted reality and, in some cases, is predicted to
cause heavy damage to the Region. South Asia is among the most vulnerable
regions in the world to natural disasters related to climate change. Two main
dimensions of climate change, that would impact agriculture, are increased
temperature and changes in precipitation pattern. These changes, taking place on
a global scale, would impact local agriculture and therefore affect the local
and global food supply. Its difficult to precisely estimate how farming might be
affected in different regions, as the impact on the agrarian economy in a given
region / country will depend upon the interplay of the dynamic factors specific
to each area.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             August 20, 2012 Monday

Provincial governments start taking steps towards agriculture income tax
collection

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 232

LENGTH: 1394  words


Provincial governments have started implementing the 'harmonisation of
agriculture income tax policy in the provinces' under which government of Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) collected information on agriculture income from the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR) and served tax demand notices on persons who have
declared agriculture income in their tax returns.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Sunday that in line with the decision
taken by all four provincial Finance Secretaries in this regard, the provincial
governments started taking steps for collecting agricultural income tax at local
level.

Tax demand notices, it is learnt, have been served on the basis of information
provided by FBR on Agriculture Income. The information provided by Income lax
Department on agriculture income, after district-wise segregation, has been
forwarded to respective districts for calculating Agriculture Income Tax (AIT)
and serving of tax demands.

In KPK, some persons have moved to civil courts for cancellation of notices on
the pretext that notices can only be issued to the owners of 50 acres and 100
acres of irrigated or non-irrigated lands, respectively. Some persons have come
up with an argument that they do not have landed property, which has not been
taken into account as they have declared Agriculture Income in the Income Tax
return. Despite all of these problems the demand notices are being followed and
the progress will be made, towards recovery of Agriculture Income Tax from such
land owners.

Besides, the provincial government of KPK has taken other steps in this regard
as well. Firstly, a notification has been issued to make it mandatory for owners
and cultivators of 121/2 acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of
cultivated non-irrigated land or mature orchard having net income more than
Rs100,000 to self-assess their Agriculture Income and file Agricultural Income
Tax (AIT) Returns. As a result of aforesaid notification cultivators have also
been brought into the tax net and the number of taxpayers increased from 112 to
4,799, which is a significant achievements.

After issuance of notification by the Board of Revenue (BoR) KPK, cultivators
have also been brought into the tax net and the number of taxpayers has
increased from 112 A.I. Taxpayers in 4 districts of Peshawar, Charsadda, Mardan
and Dera Ismail Khan to 4,799 in 14 districts i.e., 10 additional districts.

Secondly, the comprehensive instructions have been issued for various activities
from crop inspection, assessment of AIT, filing of return and issuing of tax
demand and their implementation will take some time.

Thirdly, the strengthening and capacity buildings of Revenue Staff have to be
done to achieve the objective. The provincial government on its own tried to
engage a firm for the purpose which met with little success as the required
expertise in ascertaining net agriculture income and scrutinising AIT returns is
not available in the market, sources said.

Fourthly, comprehensive instructions have been circulated amongst the
Commissioners and District Revenue Officer detailing processes and timelines for
various activities from crop inspections, assessment of AIT, filing of returns,
and issuing of tax demands. As instructions were issued one month ago, their
dissemination among the revenue officials and implementation will take some
time. It is expected that the timelines indicated in the instructions may not be
met during the first year.

During the last meeting of the provincial Finance Secretaries, it was requested
by the provincial governments that the federal government/ FBR may extend
capacity-building of revenue staff for scrutinising AIT returns and maintaining
data of AIT payers. This was followed by written request but no such activity
initiated by the Federal Government as yet.

The provincial government of KPK reiterated its request and would like to raise
the issue in the next meeting of provincial finance secretaries. In addition the
FBR may also extend advice regarding creation of AIT units in selected
districts, human resource and equipment/ software required.

Sources said that the requisite information, as decided in the previous
provincial finance secretaries meetings, has already been provided by the FBR to
all the provinces. The provincial government of Punjab was of the view that on
the basis of information provided by the taxpayers in income tax returns, the
provinces can pursue the agriculture income tax evaders.

Background of the issue revealed that in KPK the current system of assessment
and demand of Agriculture Income Tax was looked into detail to identify reasons
for dismal recovery of the tax during the past four years in the province. It
has been found that revenue officials devised their own mechanism for assessment
which was contrary to the provisions of the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance
2000, Agriculture Income Tax Rules 2001 (Rules), and Guidelines issued by the
Board of Revenue.

In order to make assessments in accordance with the law, KPK government has
issued instructions to assist the Assistant Collector in computing and
collection of tax. The District Kanungo assisted by head Clerk Revenue shall
prepare lists of all owners, as defined in Section 2(m) of Agriculture Income
Tax Ordinance 2000, having cultivated land in excess of a) 5 acres, b) 10 acres.
c) 121/2 acres, and mature orchard soon after the harvest of Rabi crop annually.
The list has been forwarded to the District Revenue Accountant.

The Tehsil and District Revenue Accountants shall undertake crop experiment each
harvest to determine yield in accordance with Land Record Manual, which will
form the basis for determining the market price of the total produce. Deductions
for preceding Kharif and Rabi crops will be allowed vide Agriculture Income Tax
Rules 2001 will be subtracted from the market price to ascertain the net income
of the cultivator/owner during the agriculture year, sources said.

Where land is being cultivated by a tenant, the Tehsil and District Revenue
Accountants (TRA/DRA) shall work out the income of owner/ landlord on the basis
of his share-in-produce recorded in periodic revenue record/ khasra girdwari or
the lease agreement executed between the parties, as the case may be.

Sources said that separate registers will be maintained for landowner and tenant
showing year-wise details of holdings, tax assessed, and paid. The DRA will be
responsible to assess tax on basis of crop estimates to determine whether
taxation is to be made under rules and regulations.

The owners/ cultivators of area under 121/2 acres or more of cultivated
irrigated land or 25 acres of cultivated un-irrigated land having taxable
agriculture income have been served with demand notice signed by DRA/ TRA
through respective patwari. All owners/ cultivators of 121/2 acres or more of
cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of cultivated un-irrigated land, or of
mature orchard are liable to self assess their incomes and submit agriculture
income tax returns (returns).

The revenue officer in charge of Tehsil/ Sub-Tehsil will select and scrutinise
5% of the returns, at random, on the basis of income determined in accordance
with given procedure to ensure correctness of the income declaration made in the
return.

Where owner/tenant of 121/2 acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, or 25
acres of cultivated non-irrigated land, or of mature orchard, or person earning
net income of Rs100,000 (or amount subsequently notified by government or more
fails to submit return, the Revenue Officer incharge of Tehsil has served notice
upon the person in accordance with Agriculture Income Tax Rules. Where the
Revenue Officer determines after carrying out scrutiny or the owner/ cultivator
fails to comply with the notice, he will proceed to make tax assessment.

The Revenue Officer shall maintain accounts as specified in Rules, which shall
in variably be examined during Tehsil inspections and commented upon by the
Inspecting Officer. The DRA shall update tax collect ions and get the same
reconciled from respective District Account Officer. Monthly reconciled
statements will be provided to BOR by 15th of the following month.

Failure to update tax deposits, their reconciliation, or provision of reconciled
statements will entail initiation of disciplinary action against the DRA
concerned, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             August 20, 2012 Monday

Provincial governments start taking steps towards agriculture income tax
collection

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 232

LENGTH: 1394  words


Provincial governments have started implementing the 'harmonisation of
agriculture income tax policy in the provinces' under which government of Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa (KPK) collected information on agriculture income from the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR) and served tax demand notices on persons who have
declared agriculture income in their tax returns.

Sources told Business Recorder here on Sunday that in line with the decision
taken by all four provincial Finance Secretaries in this regard, the provincial
governments started taking steps for collecting agricultural income tax at local
level.

Tax demand notices, it is learnt, have been served on the basis of information
provided by FBR on Agriculture Income. The information provided by Income lax
Department on agriculture income, after district-wise segregation, has been
forwarded to respective districts for calculating Agriculture Income Tax (AIT)
and serving of tax demands.

In KPK, some persons have moved to civil courts for cancellation of notices on
the pretext that notices can only be issued to the owners of 50 acres and 100
acres of irrigated or non-irrigated lands, respectively. Some persons have come
up with an argument that they do not have landed property, which has not been
taken into account as they have declared Agriculture Income in the Income Tax
return. Despite all of these problems the demand notices are being followed and
the progress will be made, towards recovery of Agriculture Income Tax from such
land owners.

Besides, the provincial government of KPK has taken other steps in this regard
as well. Firstly, a notification has been issued to make it mandatory for owners
and cultivators of 121/2 acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of
cultivated non-irrigated land or mature orchard having net income more than
Rs100,000 to self-assess their Agriculture Income and file Agricultural Income
Tax (AIT) Returns. As a result of aforesaid notification cultivators have also
been brought into the tax net and the number of taxpayers increased from 112 to
4,799, which is a significant achievements.

After issuance of notification by the Board of Revenue (BoR) KPK, cultivators
have also been brought into the tax net and the number of taxpayers has
increased from 112 A.I. Taxpayers in 4 districts of Peshawar, Charsadda, Mardan
and Dera Ismail Khan to 4,799 in 14 districts i.e., 10 additional districts.

Secondly, the comprehensive instructions have been issued for various activities
from crop inspection, assessment of AIT, filing of return and issuing of tax
demand and their implementation will take some time.

Thirdly, the strengthening and capacity buildings of Revenue Staff have to be
done to achieve the objective. The provincial government on its own tried to
engage a firm for the purpose which met with little success as the required
expertise in ascertaining net agriculture income and scrutinising AIT returns is
not available in the market, sources said.

Fourthly, comprehensive instructions have been circulated amongst the
Commissioners and District Revenue Officer detailing processes and timelines for
various activities from crop inspections, assessment of AIT, filing of returns,
and issuing of tax demands. As instructions were issued one month ago, their
dissemination among the revenue officials and implementation will take some
time. It is expected that the timelines indicated in the instructions may not be
met during the first year.

During the last meeting of the provincial Finance Secretaries, it was requested
by the provincial governments that the federal government/ FBR may extend
capacity-building of revenue staff for scrutinising AIT returns and maintaining
data of AIT payers. This was followed by written request but no such activity
initiated by the Federal Government as yet.

The provincial government of KPK reiterated its request and would like to raise
the issue in the next meeting of provincial finance secretaries. In addition the
FBR may also extend advice regarding creation of AIT units in selected
districts, human resource and equipment/ software required.

Sources said that the requisite information, as decided in the previous
provincial finance secretaries meetings, has already been provided by the FBR to
all the provinces. The provincial government of Punjab was of the view that on
the basis of information provided by the taxpayers in income tax returns, the
provinces can pursue the agriculture income tax evaders.

Background of the issue revealed that in KPK the current system of assessment
and demand of Agriculture Income Tax was looked into detail to identify reasons
for dismal recovery of the tax during the past four years in the province. It
has been found that revenue officials devised their own mechanism for assessment
which was contrary to the provisions of the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance
2000, Agriculture Income Tax Rules 2001 (Rules), and Guidelines issued by the
Board of Revenue.

In order to make assessments in accordance with the law, KPK government has
issued instructions to assist the Assistant Collector in computing and
collection of tax. The District Kanungo assisted by head Clerk Revenue shall
prepare lists of all owners, as defined in Section 2(m) of Agriculture Income
Tax Ordinance 2000, having cultivated land in excess of a) 5 acres, b) 10 acres.
c) 121/2 acres, and mature orchard soon after the harvest of Rabi crop annually.
The list has been forwarded to the District Revenue Accountant.

The Tehsil and District Revenue Accountants shall undertake crop experiment each
harvest to determine yield in accordance with Land Record Manual, which will
form the basis for determining the market price of the total produce. Deductions
for preceding Kharif and Rabi crops will be allowed vide Agriculture Income Tax
Rules 2001 will be subtracted from the market price to ascertain the net income
of the cultivator/owner during the agriculture year, sources said.

Where land is being cultivated by a tenant, the Tehsil and District Revenue
Accountants (TRA/DRA) shall work out the income of owner/ landlord on the basis
of his share-in-produce recorded in periodic revenue record/ khasra girdwari or
the lease agreement executed between the parties, as the case may be.

Sources said that separate registers will be maintained for landowner and tenant
showing year-wise details of holdings, tax assessed, and paid. The DRA will be
responsible to assess tax on basis of crop estimates to determine whether
taxation is to be made under rules and regulations.

The owners/ cultivators of area under 121/2 acres or more of cultivated
irrigated land or 25 acres of cultivated un-irrigated land having taxable
agriculture income have been served with demand notice signed by DRA/ TRA
through respective patwari. All owners/ cultivators of 121/2 acres or more of
cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of cultivated un-irrigated land, or of
mature orchard are liable to self assess their incomes and submit agriculture
income tax returns (returns).

The revenue officer in charge of Tehsil/ Sub-Tehsil will select and scrutinise
5% of the returns, at random, on the basis of income determined in accordance
with given procedure to ensure correctness of the income declaration made in the
return.

Where owner/tenant of 121/2 acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, or 25
acres of cultivated non-irrigated land, or of mature orchard, or person earning
net income of Rs100,000 (or amount subsequently notified by government or more
fails to submit return, the Revenue Officer incharge of Tehsil has served notice
upon the person in accordance with Agriculture Income Tax Rules. Where the
Revenue Officer determines after carrying out scrutiny or the owner/ cultivator
fails to comply with the notice, he will proceed to make tax assessment.

The Revenue Officer shall maintain accounts as specified in Rules, which shall
in variably be examined during Tehsil inspections and commented upon by the
Inspecting Officer. The DRA shall update tax collect ions and get the same
reconciled from respective District Account Officer. Monthly reconciled
statements will be provided to BOR by 15th of the following month.

Failure to update tax deposits, their reconciliation, or provision of reconciled
statements will entail initiation of disciplinary action against the DRA
concerned, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            October 26, 2014 Sunday

Tax on agriculture income: Agriculture taxed or not, Sindh lawmakers debate

LENGTH: 636  words


Does a tax on agriculture income exist in Sindh?

The answer depends on which political party you choose to believe in. For the
ruling PPP, tax on agriculture income is in place and duly collected every year.

ut for the MQM, which derives its support mainly from the urban areas of Sindh,
tax on agriculture simply does not exist in the province.

Interestingly, confusion about the existence of such a tax is not limited to
ordinary workers and supporters of the two parties.

MQM's parliamentary leader in the provincial assembly and former Sindh finance
minister Syed Sardar Ahmed confronted the adviser to the Sindh chief minister on
finance Syed Murad Ali Shah during a public event last week when the latter
claimed the tax on agriculture income was well in place and collected annually.

"You're wrong. Agriculture income is not taxed in Sindh," Ahmed said loudly from
his front-row seat, as the de facto finance minister of Sindh delivered his
keynote address at a seminar organised by the United Nations Development Program
(UNDP) on October 23.

"Ignorance is bliss," Shah said, adding that he could personally identify at
least two people among the audience who paid annual tax on agriculture income.

Saying that a 15% tax on agriculture income exceeding Rs300,000 a year was
already levied on farmers of the province, Shah advised Sindh's former finance
minister from the MQM to get his facts right.

So which one of the two politicians was right? Apparently, both were being
truthful at least partially.

The tax on agriculture income is indeed in place in Sindh as evidenced by the
provincial budget documents. However, much to the MQM's dismay, its collection
remains pitifully low.

The budget estimate for total provincial tax receipts for 2014-15 is Rs107.02
billion. The tax on agriculture income is estimated to be Rs512.11 million for
the same fiscal year. This constitutes merely 0.47% of the total projected
provincial tax receipts in 2014-15.

Furthermore, while the Sindh government aims to collect only Rs512.11 million as
tax on agriculture income, agriculture subsidies that it has promised for
2014-15 amount to a staggering Rs3.1 billion.

According to Sindh's former (caretaker) finance minister Syed Shabbar Zaidi, the
reason for the extremely low collection of the tax on agriculture income is the
provincial government's unwillingness to take on the vested interests.

His assertion is validated by the fact that the Sindh government does not have a
dedicated body for the collection of the tax on agriculture income. Unlike the
sales tax on services for which the government has set up the Sindh Revenue
Board (SRB), the agriculture tax has received no special attention from the
government so far.

Speaking at the seminar, Shah said his government is going ask the federal
authorities to transfer the sales tax collection job to the province from the
next fiscal year. Referring to the sales tax on services, which is a provincial
subject now, Shah said the Sindh government has tripled the amount collected by
the SRB in just three years.

"Let us do what we are good at doing," he said while making a case for the
transfer of the sales tax collection from federal to provincial authorities.

His idea received instant approval from MQM MNA Farooq Sattar who was also
present at the seminar.

"We'll support you on this issue, but only if you promise to show the same kind
of enthusiasm about collecting agriculture income tax," Sattar said from the
audience while interrupting the speech of the finance adviser.

"Farooq Bhai always imposes conditions," Shah said, smilingly, while steering
clear of making any such promise.

The writer is a staff correspondent

Published in The Express Tribune, October 27th, 2014.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

Agri tax inevitable for Pak economic progress

BYLINE:  Syed Zahid Hussain Bukhari

LENGTH: 771  words


Pakistan by all means is an agricultural country. 25 principal natural resources
are arable land and water. Around 35% of Pakistan, total land area is
under-cultivation. Pakistan has best canal irrigation system in the entire
world, largely created by British Empire. Agriculture in Pakistan not only
comprises crops & animals but also poultry, ponds, fish, honey and silkworms
farming.

We Pakistanis are closely related and very well attached with agriculture. The
Mother Nature has been very kind to the Pakistan, giving us plenty of fertile
land, wherein cultivation can be increased and enlarged with little efforts.
Actually speaking, majority of Pakistanis live in rural area which constitute
majority of Pakistan in terms of area and population.

Around 60 per cent of Pakistan's total population lives in rural area and depend
upon agriculture directly. Agriculture is Pakistan's largest and main industry
but its share in national income -- means revenue raised from this sector -- has
always been negligible and it has been suggested and argued throughout that land
revenue system must be replaced by agriculture income tax.

Pakistan has a history of bringing agriculture into tax net, under which all
efforts of Pakistan and pressure of international financial organizations like
IMF, World Bank have failed. What a pity!

Apart from several commissions were setup, studies and write-ups by individuals
and press media views that the agriculture must be brought into income the tax
net, but over the many decades all efforts were gone in vain.

One of our previous finance minister Shaukat Tareen during the tenure of his
ministership said more than once, that he will tax the agriculture income. He
also emphasized the importance of agriculture and assured that agriculture
income will be brought into tax net in the next financial year. But perhaps he
was not aware of the mighty power of the feudal lords and was forced to resign.

State Bank of Pakistan's estimated value of agriculture goods including crops
and livestock produced during the fiscal year ending on 30th of June 2010 was
more than three trillion rupees, almost equal to total produced of all
industrial units of Pakistan.

The industrial production is heavily taxed while agriculture income goes without
income tax, what an idiotic performance of our federal as well as provincial
governments since the beginning. Where there is income, there must be a tax. The
tax burden must impartially divide upon all avenues of income and why not upon
agriculture products, including livestock.

In my opinion not bringing agriculture into income tax net is a social evil
illegal, unlawful, injustice and even a criminal act. It is cruelty to the
people of Pakistan, one of reasons of below property level of 45% of Pakistan.
It is also injustice to our industrialists, business community and salaried
people that a class of wealthy people having handsome yearly income-- called
feudal lords are left out of bearing their share in country's expenditure. This
dirty, unsocial, unjust and criminal happening has been going on under the
knowledge of all concerned including our justice department since Pakistan came
into being. Sometimes I feel that Pakistan was created for the benefits of
corrupts and feudal lords and rest of Pakistanis are here to serve them.

Now country's budget 2013-14 has been presented by the government of PML-N.
Presently Pakistan economy is at the state of topsy-turvy and is sharply
advancing towards further decline. The government of PML-N is faced with tough
job to improve the country economy in days to come. One of the strong tools to
strengthen economy is to boost tax revenues. Some of analysts agree that
increase in revenues and decrease in expenditures will create space for higher
investment in economy for generating new jobs.

If new government can bring agriculture into income tax, things will be easier
for them. The print media states that ''PML-N leaders say farm tax is not
possible at the moment as it is a Provincial subject. You can enforce it in
PML-N ruled Punjab and not in Sindh (where PPP in power)''. From this above
statement things seem to be the same as in past. But if PML-N government
succeeds in having income tax upon agriculture in Punjab this will be their
great achievement and tough avenues to conquer will be easier for them.

In my view until and unless you bring agriculture into income tax net,
Pakistan's economy will never be in satisfactory state of affairs.

We have been depending upon the loans since long, and any country which ignores
its majority to tax can never meet its total expenses by itself.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Baluchistan Times

                             June 9, 2011 Thursday

Provinces reject federation formula for recovery of tax on agriculture income

SECTION: Vol. XXXV No. 158

LENGTH: 414  words


Provinces have rejected in categorical terms formula devised by federation with
regard to  recovery of tax on agriculture income.

Finance ministry sources told Wednesday talks between federation and provinces
on the question of tax recovery ratio on agriculture income have remained
fruitless fully.

Balochistan and Sindh took the stance in unequivocal term that slapping tax on
agriculture income was mandate  of provinces and federation could not interfere
in it in any way. If it was done so then it would be sheer breach of 18th
amendment.

Finance minister of a province who was privy to the meeting told on the
condition of anonymity  that federation wanted provinces should collect tax on
agriculture income like other taxes and every province should levy tax on the
agriculture income equal to Rs 350000. This tax be recovered through FBR rather
than Patwaris. But the provinces did not agree over it and took the plea that
every province has its own laws in place to recover agriculture tax and these
are in force. However strategy could be evolved to increase tax recovery and the
provinces would sort out this method. Federation should not interfere in it.

Punjab held the opinion that tax recovery on agriculture income be made at
uniform rate. But Sindh and Balochistan also opposed this stance saying it was
next to impossible as per acre yield of every province was different from other
provinces.

Sindh adopted the stance tax on agriculture income was imposed in 2000 in line
with  tax revenue act and under this act those having income upto Rs  85000 were
exempted from tax. The tax has been imposed at the rate of 5 percent on the
persons having agriculture income upto Rs 100000, 10 percent on the income upto
Rs 200000 and 15 percent above the income of Rs 200000.

The other provinces have also said that they have their own laws in place with
regard to collection of tax and they can not follow the dictation of federation.

Sindh representative put forth the view point that federation wanted to take
control of agriculture tax through FBR  for one year like recovery of GST on
services and it was not acceptable to the provinces.

Sources told that all the four provincial finance secretaries  would hold talks
with federal finance secretary  in next week as MQM had mounted pressure on
federal government to levy income tax on agriculture income. Government had held
out assurance to MQM to do so. But provinces are not ready to accept formula
evolved by the federation.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday

SBP's annual report: Sindh ranks worst in collection of income tax on
agriculture

BYLINE: Farhan Zaheer

LENGTH: 511  words


Sindh the second largest province of Pakistan both in terms of economy and
population has been the worst performer in fiscal year 2015-16 (FY16) among four
provinces when it comes to collecting tax on agriculture income as a percentage
of total tax collection.

Except for Sindh, the other three provinces have either improved or maintained
their share of tax on income (agriculture) in FY16.

Sindh's tax on income (agriculture) in FY16 dropped further to just 0.3% from
0.5% in FY15, according to the SBP's Annual Report on the State of Economy
2015-16.

On the other hand, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa's (K-P) share improved from 0.4% to 0.6%
while Balochistan improved its share from 0% to 0.1%.

"The situation of tax collection on agriculture income is appalling not only in
Sindh, but also in other provinces. This shows lack of commitment on the part of
provincial governments," said Dr Kaiser Bengali, a left-leaning economist.

An increase of 0.1% or a similar change in agriculture tax income would not
bring any significant change on the ground. "The fact is that no province is
collecting this tax seriously," he added.

"This dismal situation can certainly be changed provided we have the political
will," he said.

The Sindh government collected Rs125 billion (0.3% of this makes up just Rs375
million) in total provincial taxes in FY16, up 14% from Rs110 billion in FY15.

What is disappointing is that the Sindh government's agriculture income tax has
never exceeded 1% of the total tax collection since FY10 when it was 0.9% the
highest percentage in the last seven years.

Punjab's collection

The total tax collection of Punjab, which contributes over 50% to Pakistan's
GDP, was Rs151 billion in FY16, up 54% compared to Rs98 billion in FY15.
However, 1% of Rs151 billion makes up just Rs1.5 billion, which is miniscule
considering the size of agriculture in this breadbasket of the country.

Punjab's case is quite different because this province's agriculture income tax
collection in FY10 was 2.7% the highest percentage of agriculture tax collection
among provinces in the last seven years. Since then, it has never reached this
level, in fact, it has never collected more than 1.1% in any of the last seven
years.

Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa

Although as a percentage of total tax, the agriculture income tax collection in
K-P improved in FY16, but the overall picture in the province is as bleak as in
others.

For instance, the northwestern province collected just Rs14.3 billion in FY16,
down 29% from Rs20 billion in FY15. Out of the Rs14.3 billion, the share of
agriculture income tax was just 0.6% or Rs85 million.

Similar to Sindh, the province is struggling to collect even 1% of the total
provincial tax collection in agriculture income tax.

Balochistan

Perhaps the story of Balochistan is even worse. The country's largest province
in terms of landmass collected just 0.1% in agriculture income tax, though it
was the highest in the last five years.

The total tax collection of the province was miserably low at just Rs4.2 billion
(0.1% of Rs4.2 billion makes up just Rs4.2 million).

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                               November 29, 1983

Farmers' livelihood less and less dependent on agriculture

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 163 words


Japanese farm households are becoming less and less dependent on agricultural
income, according to a report released by the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry
and Fishery last week.

According to "Agricultural Economy in fiscal 1982," agricultural income
accounted for only 19.2 per cent of farm households' total income in fiscal
1982. Agricultural income averaged Y951,500 during the fiscal year, down 1.7 per
cent from fiscal 1981, while non-agricultural incomes averaged Y4,013,200 up 5.5
per cent. The ratio of agricultural income to total income has been declining
rapidly since the 1960s as farmers have increasingly taken to jobs outside
agriculture along with the development of the Japanese economy. The ratio fell
from 55.0 per cent in fiscal 1960 to 36.5 per cent in fiscal 1970 and to 21.1
per cent in fiscal 1980.

"As far as income structure is concerned, Japanese farm households can no longer
be called farm households," the Agriculture Ministry said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph, Agricultural Income of Farm Households, (Percentage to total
income)

                    Copyright 1983 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            February 18, 2011 Friday

Taxing Agriculture Income

BYLINE:  Zahid Bukhari

SECTION: Vol. 4 No. 196

LENGTH: 1638  words


It is a social evil, illegal, unlawful and even a criminal act, not to bring
agriculture under income tax net. It is cruelty to the people of Pakistan, one
of the reasons of below poverty level state of almost 45% people of Pakistan. It
is also injustice to the industrialists, business community, and salaried people
that a class of wealthy people having fat yearly income called feudal lords are
left over to bear their share in Country's expenditure, while all other are made
to pay taxes including income tax.

It is because of the reason that feudal lords are the permanent feature in the
corridors of power. This dirty, unsocial, unjust and criminal happening has been
going on under the knowledge of all concerned including our justice avenues
since the beginning that is 14th August 1947. Some time I feel that Pakistan was
created for the benefits of feudal lords only and rest of the Pakistanis are to
serve them. The feudal lords are supposed to be above the law enjoying humongous
political clouts and paying no heed to shoulder their responsibilities in the
service of the country.

Our previous finance minister during the tenure of his ministership said more
than once that he will tax the agriculture sector. Shaukat Tareen emphasised the
importance of bringing agriculture into income tax net and said that it will be
introduced in the next financial year. But perhaps he was not aware of the
mighty power of feudal lords and was forced to resign.

Agriculture is Pakistan's largest and main industry and more than 60% of our
entire population stand connected and involved in it directly and indirectly.
Although agriculture's share in national income exceeds 24%, revenue raised from
the sector, has always been negligible, and it has been suggested and argued
throughout by all, that the land revenue system must be replaced by agriculture
income tax. Pakistan has a history of bringing agriculture into income tax net,
under which all efforts of Pakistanis and pressure of international financial
organization like IMF, World bank, failed, what a pity? A part from several
commissions were setup, studies and write ups by individuals and press media
viewed that the agriculture should be brought up into income tax net, over the
many decades, but all in vain, nothing doing, before the might of feudal lords.
The Government of General Pervez Musharraf has issued directive to all
provincial governments to levy on agriculture income tax at a uniform rate
w.e.f. 1.7.2001. Although basic exemption have been raised generously, it may be
viewed as a good beginning provided enforced with a strong will.

The decision was taken in a meeting of federal cabinet chaired by the executive
which approved the recommendation of the implementation committee on agriculture
income tax to harmonies provincial legislations on the subject. As
recommendation by the committee the provinces will issue notifications making
only owners of 50 acres or more to file a two-page agriculture income tax
return.

Approval was also accorded to empower the provincial governments through their
respective legislature, to grant remission of agriculture income tax in case of
calamity or crop failure. Personal hearing has to be ensured before imposition
of penalty. The cabinet also approved toning down of penalties for failure to
furnish IT returns and for default in payment.

Levying of tax on farm incomes has been an issue as old as the state of
Pakistan, but an alliance of feudal lords, civil and military bureaucrats and
agriculture technocrats has successfully kept these incomes out of the orbit of
taxation for 63 years.

A serious challenge to this alliance came in the eighties when Pakistan had to
seek the assistance of the international monetary fund, which, in turn, laid
down tax on farm incomes as one of its conditions for help. Despite being in
dire need of IMF aid on several occasions and promises made by successive
governments to enforce the levy, they avoided doing so, on one pretext or
another, for over decade and a half.

It has been a considered view of independent economists in the country and has
been repeatedly vouched by IMF and World bank that "it is criminal to keep farm
income out of tax net" but the powerful feudal lobby, which dominated the
parliament, always successfully and tactfully defied all attempts by various
governments in the past to bring this highly potential segment into normal tax
net.

Emphasizing the need to bring farm income under normal tax net, the donor
agencies have pointed out more than once that exemption of this sector form
normal income tax laws has promoted industrialists to buy vast lands to hide
their income. Now it is an established practice of all business houses to hide
their income under the garb of agriculture. Large industries houses in the
country had also bought agri-farms to hide their incomes. So, taxing the farm
sector is also important to check tax evasion.

It was expected from the government of General Pervez Musharraf, which is free
from any such political compulsions and does not need the political support of
the feudals, can deliver by implementing this measure repeatedly emphasized by
the IMF and World Bank and economic managers of the country both within and
outside the government. The present government has been commended by the donor
agencies for earnestly trying to meet their conditionalities. It is reportedly
again under the pressure of the IMF that the federal cabinet has now acted on
the recommendation of an experts committee set up earlier to levy a tax on farm
income at a uniform rate in all the four provinces from the next fiscal year,
and issued a directive to this effect. One only hopes that this time the tax
would not only be levied by fully realized.

In my opinion this time too, the agriculture can not be brought under income tax
net, as this government needs supports of feudal lords sitting in national and
provincial assemblies and also in national and provincial cabinets.

Internationally it is strictly observed that where income is, there is income
tax, these go side by side and hand in hand. In neighbouring country India, land
reforms were introduced just after the partition and agriculture was also put
into tax net. Why we failed to do so as such till now, is a question of great
importance, which has remained under discussion and is still, going on among the
learned citizenry which is very tiny and does not carry any importance before
the powerful, wicked and extremely selfish feudal lords.

Truly speaking the feudalistic order was pushed forward in this part which is
now called Pakistan by Gora Sahib to strengthen their control over the undivided
India. The Gora Sahib or company Bahadur also created the best canal irrigation
system, the world over, here which is now Pakistan. The English men have gone
from here long ago, more than six decades, but we very shamefully are still
breathing in the feudalistic order which was introduced here by our masters.

Recently there was news in the press that international community is pressing
hard the government of Pakistan for taxing the rich, including the wealthy
feudal lords and the large land holders. The US Secretary of state Hillary
Clinton, two other members of the Obama cabinet have urged Pakistan to tax the
wealthy citizen if it still wants to receive financial assistance from America.
Although Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner
endorsed the massage at US Global leadership coalition conference in Washington
during last week of September 2010. It was Ms Clinton who emphasized this point
on several occasions during high profile discussions. Ms Clinton said that
Pakistan can not have a tax rate of 9% of GPD, when the land owners / feudal
lords and all other elites do not pay anything or so little that it is laughable
and then when there is problem everybody expect United States and others to come
in and help. Secretary Clinton further said that she told Pakistani government
that they have a great rate of poverty stricken people, that US will quit
working with us, if our government fails to tax the elite, Pakistan has been
receiving such massages quite often.

While international community is pressing Pakistan for taxing the rich and of
course the feudal lords, the government, as it is learnt through press, have
stopped its newly framed committee from exploring ways to tax agriculture income
and further asked committee to only identify loopholes to be plugged to raise a
few billion of rupees for debt servicing.

Our finance minister Dr. Abdul Hafeez Shaikh has replaced a task force on
taxation set up by former finance minister Shaukat Tareen with reform
coordination group, with sub-group on income tax, customs, sales tax and federal
excise with limited scope only, identifying loopholes in existing taxation
system.

Recently Dr. Abdul Hafeez Shaikh gave an assurance that strategies to formulate
a comprehensive economic growth are under way to benefit the people of Pakistan.
He did not mention of anything about bringing the agriculture income into tax
net. But when a press reporter asked about taxing the agriculture income, he
sharply replied that it is provincial subject. While provincial governments are
not very well aware of the subject, having no staff and not knowing how it will
be collected and what modus of oprendi will be applied to meet this huge task.
All this mean that the government of Pakistan has no intention to bring
agriculture income into income tax, for the benefit of Pakistanis.

Let us see how much further time it takes that justice prevails in properly
taxing the highly rich industrialist, business men and feudal lords who are
playing their might at costs of the large majority of poverty stricken
Pakistanis and at the risk of their own country Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

Caving in: Punjab stops collection of agricultural income tax

BYLINE: Shahbaz Rana

LENGTH: 771  words


In an unlawful move that is also in violation of a Supreme Court judgment, the
Punjab government has stopped collection of the income-based component of
agriculture tax through an executive order.

In a move apparently made under pressure exerted by big landlords and
politicians, in addition to being contrary to the government's claim of looking
to expand the tax net, the authorities called for a provisional suspension of
income-based tax collection from the agriculture sector.

'The income-based assessment and collection of Agriculture Income Tax under
Second Schedule of the Punjab Agricultural Income Tax Act, 1997, should be
withheld till further orders,' according to the notification issued by the
Punjab Board of Revenue in October last year.

The move puts a question mark over the authority of the Punjab chief minister
who has succumbed to the pressure exerted by various lobbies. Against an
estimated potential of Rs200 billion, the Punjab government collected a mere
Rs1.6 billion in agriculture income tax in the last fiscal year 2015-16.

The provincial government was collecting two types of taxes from agriculture -
income-based and land-based. The land-based collection of tax would continue,
according to the notification.

The share of agriculture in the economy is about one-fifth but its share in
total revenue is less than 1%, underscoring huge tax evasion in the sector. In
the previous fiscal year 2015-16, Punjab received Rs901 billion from the centre
as its share in federal taxes while generated a meagre sum of Rs143 billion
through its own efforts, according to the Ministry of Finance.

Punjab Finance Minister Dr Ayesha Ghaus Pasha confirmed to The Express Tribune
that the income-based agriculture income tax has been temporarily suspended.

The Punjab government took the decision during a meeting, chaired by Provincial
Minister for Law  and  Parliamentary Affairs.

However, legal and tax experts termed the move unlawful and in violation of the
Supreme Court judgment that binds the federal and provincial governments to take
decisions on fiscal matters with prior approval of the respective cabinets.

The provincial government cannot suspend the Agriculture Income Tax through an
executive order, said Dr Ikram ul Haq, a Supreme Court lawyer and an expert on
tax matters. He said that after historical judgment of the apex court, the tax
collection cannot be suspended even through a Governor Order. 'It is a mockery
of the law and the provincial government has gone way too far,' said Haq.

Background

In 2013, the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) introduced an amendment in Section
111 of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001. The amendment was aimed at cracking down
on those who evade income tax by hiding behind agriculture income.

Under the Constitution of Pakistan, income from agriculture is a provincial
subject - a lacuna that almost every influential landlord and industrialist
exploits to evade taxes by claiming income from the land.

According to the 2013 amendment, money or valuable article owned or funds from
which the expenditure was made, by way of agricultural income, such explanation
shall be accepted to the extent of agricultural income worked back on the basis
of agricultural income tax paid under the relevant provincial law.

Sources said that after this amendment, all the big landlords came on the radar
of the tax authorities, either provincial or federal. Even the income of an
important member of the ruling family came under question, the sources added.

The authorities served tax notices on big landlords and many of them went to
Lahore High Court and sought relief.

These people started pressurising the provincial government that, like the other
three provinces, the Punjab government should only charge land-based agriculture
income tax. The sources said that now the provincial government was working on a
legal amendment that it wants to introduce retrospectively.

The amendment, which will be enforced either through an ordinance or through
next budget, would nullify all the tax assessments made against these
influential people in the past.

Punjab government's version

The agriculture sector is passing through difficult times and the provincial
government is trying to revive this important sector by providing it various
incentives like subsidies and relaxation in taxation, said Pasha. She said that
at the time of revival of the sector, the provincial government temporarily
suspended income-based tax. She said that the provincial government also needed
some time to put in place proper mechanisms for actual assessment of the incomes
generated from the agriculture sector.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2017 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    April 4, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

FARM INCOMES TO PLUMMET: Saskatchewan to suffer most as Ottawa cuts aid in half

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 581 words


Farm incomes across Canada this year will drop dramatically as federal aid to
farmers is cut by more than half, Agriculture Canada says.

Saskatchewan farmers are expected to take the worst beating with realized net
incomes dropping by 87%. A 57% drop is expected in Manitoba and a 46% drop in
Alberta, the federal department said in its quarterly outlook published
yesterday.

Agriculture Canada economists said the free fall in farm incomes is attributable
to a 57% drop in federal government support programs to $1.4 billion from $3.2
billion in 1989.

''You take out the payments and the farmers are in a lot of trouble,'' said Alex
Allan, a spokesman for the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool.

Farmers won't see any payments this year from the Western Grain Stabilization
Program or the Agriculture Stabilization Program - two of the largest federal
programs - because grain prices are marginally higher than in previous years.

Even the promise of a $500-million aid package by Agriculture Minister Don
Mazankowski, to be matched by the provinces, does little to improve the outlook
for farmers because the program is still up in the air, Allan said.

''It's not helping the farmers going into seeding because the banks won't lend
any operating capital if there are no federal guarantees,'' Allan said.

So far, the three Prairie governments have said they simply don't have enough
money to fund their share of Mazankowski's plan.

Junior Agriculture Minister Pierre Blais said the joint $1-billion program is
essential to help farmers offset their drop in income.

''If agriculture is so important to them )Prairie governments(, they must put
their money where their mouth is,'' Blais said. ''It's just normal.''

Still, the overall outlook for Saskatchewan, Canada's largest farming province,
looks marginally better than it did in December. Saskatchewan Premier Grant
Devine said the cut in payments would mean income would be down nearly $1
billion. Agriculture Canada now expects the province's income to be about $116
million, down from $1.3 billion in 1989.

Only one province, British Columbia, is expected to see any improvement at all,
growing by 5% this year but only after suffering through a 21% drop in 1989.

Farm incomes across the country are expected to be $2.7 billion this year, down
33% from 1989 but $138 million more than earlier predicted - roughly the same as
it averaged between 1981 and 1985.


But that's assuming Canadian farmers get at least average weather conditions,
unlike the drought that devastated Western Canada two years ago.

''It is difficult at this stage to anticipate weather conditions,'' said Jacques
Petit, head of Agriculture Canada's forecasting division.

Although farmers received a bump in incomes last year because of $900 million in
drought relief, economist Mike McCracken said that the year-after-year
deterioration in farm incomes is starting to take its toll.

''Because farm income is a part of personal income, when it goes down it hurts
consumption - just like laying off people,'' said McCracken, president of
Informetrica Ltd.

The continuing slump in the Canadian farm economy has hurt farm implement sales
and small business in Western Canada, he said.

Last December Mazankowski launched a major review of the country's so-called
''safety net'' programs. A report, due at the end of April, is to include a form
of revenue protection insurance against price swings.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graph: FARM INCOME FORECAST-1990: Realized net income % change 1989-90

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday

Agriculture tax: sifting myth from reality

LENGTH: 1020  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 18 -- EVER since the PPP-led coalition government introduced the
reformed general sale tax bill in the parliament, fiscal policy has emerged as a
burning issue among analysts and opinion makers.

While the new taxation measure has drawn a lot of flak from the business
community and political leaders, the government is caught up between the devil
and the deep blue sea as it knows that there is a big hole in the public
finances.

Taxing agricultural income is not a new topic of public policy debate; however
it has gained a new hype in the media in the wake of the RGST. Though there is a
mushroom growth of literature on theoretical aspects of taxation, a good tax is
one which not only can be implemented but should have minimum unintended
consequences as well. .

As a general rule and for a more holistic analysis it is helpful to answer the
following questions when appraising any new tax. First, what will be the net
revenue generated by the new measure i.e. whether it would be efficient? Second,
whether imposing the tax and collecting the revenue is practically possible?

Third, whether the tax would improve equity?

Let us begin with the first question i.e. assessing the revenue potential of
agriculture income tax (AIT). The AIT can be traced back to 1886 when after
re-imposition of income tax by the British in India, agricultural income was
exempted as land revenue and cess were the greater sources of revenue.

Interestingly, those who paid land revenue preferred national income tax but
their repeated calls were rejected by the then British Indian government. It was

the Government of India Act, 1935 which transferred imposition of income tax to
the provinces and since then it has stayed like this in both India and Pakistan.

In terms of revenue generation, 'land revenue' fell sharply from 40 in 1860 to
nine per cent in 1947 and to less than 0.3 per cent of the total national
revenue in Pakistan nowadays. In the developed economies, agriculture is not
considered a source of tax revenue and an OECD publication concludes that tax
concessions in OECD agriculture are more widespread and important than the
attention paid to them would suggest.

No reliable statistics on the revenue potential of AIT are available even though
its advocates-both domestic and foreign- contend untiringly that while
agriculture contributes about one-fifth to the national income, its share in the
total tax revenue is negligible. Those who oppose AIT even question this
oft-repeated assertion by pointing to the implicit taxes on agriculture
resulting from price controls.

Now let us deal with the practicality issue. All prominent experts on tax policy
agree that small businesses, services and agriculture tend to be the sectors
where taxation is traditionally found to be difficult. Agriculture is commonly
rated as the hardest of all.

Reviewing the Indian experience, an Indian author concludes that agriculture
taxation is even more problematic in the developing states as the practices of
standard account keeping and payments through banks are missing in these
countries.

On the other hand, agriculture accounts for a minor share of GDP in the
developed countries and consequently taxing agriculture is not a prominent issue
for them. In fact, agriculture is negatively taxed on balance in the OECD
countries. But in developing countries like Pakistan and India, agriculture
still accounts for a significant proportion of GDP, i.e. 21 and 15 per cent
respectively and therefore becomes an issue of interest in the fiscal policy
debate.

In theory, agricultural income should be taxed in the same way as other forms of
income. But it is easier said than done as the difficulty is how to ascertain
the declared income in the case of agriculture sector. The performance of Income
Tax department in Pakistan is abysmally poor for even those sectors which are
less hard-to-tax in other countries. How would it ascertain the declared income
from agriculture?

Not surprisingly, even though the laws provide for two alternative calculations
of the tax, one based on land area and the other one on agricultural income, it
is the land area method which is actually used in provinces. Owing to the
administrative level difficulties, writers on fiscal policy also support a
presumptive norm-based levy on land, in proportion to potential output as the
basis of agricultural taxation.

Finally, let us deal with equity considerations. It becomes a case of
apocalyptic injustice when salaried people pay huge proportions of their hard
earned incomes

as taxes while big feudal lords roam around in glittering vehicles without
paying a penny on their income. Such spectacles also instigate other taxpayers
to lower their voluntary compliance and not to pay their taxes by evasion or
avoidance.

The upshot of the preceding analysis is that the AIT should be supported on the
basis of equity principle. At the same time, however, we should not pin much
hope on AIT in terms of revenue potential due to practicality issues.

Currently, the tax-GDP ratio of about nine per cent is one of the lowest in the
world and even lower than that of our neighbours like India and Bangladesh. If
we want to increase this ratio to the agreed 14 per cent mark, the more reliable
taxes like VAT and income tax should be the mainstay of fiscal policy as
agriculture tax cannot be expected to do this job. If all provinces are serious
in implementing AIT, they will have to first modernise agriculture
record-keeping.

The constitutional restraints should also be seriously addressed by either
including AIT in the concurrent list or by authorising the centre to collect it
in the same way as they have done in the case of GST on services. Most
importantly, the government should embark on a comprehensive tax reform so that
the intertwined issues of revenue generation and equity are addressed in a more
holistic way rather than in a piecemeal fashion. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

Income tax on agriculture

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLVII No. 160

LENGTH: 841  words


Tax mobilisation efforts in the country have been hampered by a variety of
factors including the reluctance or incapacity of the provincial governments to
raise resources from those sectors which strictly fall in their domain.

In order to partly address this problem, the Prime Minister in a recent meeting
of the Council of Common Interest (CCI) had constituted a committee under the
chairmanship of the Minister of Finance to work out the modalities in
consultation with the provincial financial ministers to increase tax collection
from the agriculture sector through effective enforcement at the provincial
level.

However, reliable sources have told Business Recorder that provinces were not
prepared to brook any kind of interference from the Centre in the existing
agriculture taxation regime and had, instead, sought details of declared
agriculture income from the FBR. Also, the provinces had argued that there were
already two kinds of taxes on the agriculture sector, namely tax on land and tax
on net income. Besides, under the 1973 Constitution, agricultural tax is a
provincial subject and, therefore, the federal government should not interfere
in the matter.

According to the federal Finance Minister, ways and means were discussed in the
meeting for effectively improving the agriculture income tax collection and
issues such as the possible increase in the rate of agriculture income tax,
uniformity in their rates in all the four provinces and a uniform assessment
mechanism and tax collection strategy were yet to be decided.

The problem was further compounded by certain disagreements among the provinces
themselves. For instance, while Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab seemed to be
agreeable to a uniform rate of agricultural taxation, Balochistan favoured
separate income tax rates, keeping in view the state of the agriculture sector
in each province. Finance Secretary of Balochistan also contended that floods
had damaged agriculture in his province and the farming community was unable to
bear a further burden.

Looking at the proceedings in the latest meeting, it is abundantly clear that
despite all kinds of arguments and pressures to impose income tax without any
discrimination on all sectors of economy, including agriculture, real progress
on the subject is close to nothing and the same old pretexts are advanced again
and again with a view to defending an indefensible position.

The excuses of separate jurisdiction of sectors for income tax purposes, net
income, etc, are undoubtedly against the just canons of taxation and continue to
add to the frustration of those who pay their taxes honestly and are often
harassed by the tax collecting machinery due to one reason or the other for
undue gratification.

Class distinctions have become so sharp that while low-level employees in
various professions have to bear the tax burden, rich agriculturists living in
posh localities enjoy their tax-free status without any remorse. The tragedy is
that such an inequitable system forces others to evade taxes and leads to all
sorts of leakages, due mainly to the aggregation of income originating from
various sources for tax purposes.

The argument that agriculture is already paying indirect taxes and should,
therefore, be exempt from direct taxes is not valid since everybody in the
country is paying indirect taxes in one form or the other. In short, it is
extremely difficult to understand, if not impossible, to justify the exclusion
of the agriculture sector from the tax net which contributes to about 25 percent
of the GDP and is a major source of income for some of the richest families in
the country.

Apparently, Dr Hafeez Shaikh has been unable to develop a consensus on the
subject in the latest meeting and, as such, the provincial governments are
unlikely to incorporate any measures in the forthcoming provincial budgets to
frame rules and harmonise the collection mechanism of tax on agriculture income
with uniform rates to enhance revenue and have an equitable system of taxing all
kinds of income irrespective of the source. Such a change in the mindset was
needed.

Changing the legal framework would be the first necessary step for the
provincial governments. In directing technology and trained manpower and linking
them with FBR, need to be logically the next steps to develop their own capacity
for the purpose. Asking the FBR to provide them details of taxpayers claiming
earning from agriculture and cross-matching it with crop earning from the farm
is not possible without technology in the revenue departments of the provinces.
Let us not put the cart before the horse.

We would, therefore, urge upon the provincial governments to realise the gravity
of the situation, frame the relevant rules and take all the necessary steps to
proceed in the desired direction as soon as possible so that meaningful progress
could be made in bringing the agriculture sector into the tax net as soon as
possible, in order to ensure equity in the country's taxation system and remove
a major distortion from the system.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday

Pakistan: Agriculture tax: sifting myth from reality

LENGTH: 1020  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 18 -- EVER since the PPP-led coalition government introduced the
reformed general sale tax bill in the parliament, fiscal policy has emerged as a
burning issue among analysts and opinion makers.

While the new taxation measure has drawn a lot of flak from the business
community and political leaders, the government is caught up between the devil
and the deep blue sea as it knows that there is a big hole in the public
finances.

Taxing agricultural income is not a new topic of public policy debate; however
it has gained a new hype in the media in the wake of the RGST. Though there is a
mushroom growth of literature on theoretical aspects of taxation, a good tax is
one which not only can be implemented but should have minimum unintended
consequences as well. .

As a general rule and for a more holistic analysis it is helpful to answer the
following questions when appraising any new tax. First, what will be the net
revenue generated by the new measure i.e. whether it would be efficient? Second,
whether imposing the tax and collecting the revenue is practically possible?

Third, whether the tax would improve equity?

Let us begin with the first question i.e. assessing the revenue potential of
agriculture income tax (AIT). The AIT can be traced back to 1886 when after
re-imposition of income tax by the British in India, agricultural income was
exempted as land revenue and cess were the greater sources of revenue.

Interestingly, those who paid land revenue preferred national income tax but
their repeated calls were rejected by the then British Indian government. It was

the Government of India Act, 1935 which transferred imposition of income tax to
the provinces and since then it has stayed like this in both India and Pakistan.

In terms of revenue generation, 'land revenue' fell sharply from 40 in 1860 to
nine per cent in 1947 and to less than 0.3 per cent of the total national
revenue in Pakistan nowadays. In the developed economies, agriculture is not
considered a source of tax revenue and an OECD publication concludes that tax
concessions in OECD agriculture are more widespread and important than the
attention paid to them would suggest.

No reliable statistics on the revenue potential of AIT are available even though
its advocates-both domestic and foreign- contend untiringly that while
agriculture contributes about one-fifth to the national income, its share in the
total tax revenue is negligible. Those who oppose AIT even question this
oft-repeated assertion by pointing to the implicit taxes on agriculture
resulting from price controls.

Now let us deal with the practicality issue. All prominent experts on tax policy
agree that small businesses, services and agriculture tend to be the sectors
where taxation is traditionally found to be difficult. Agriculture is commonly
rated as the hardest of all.

Reviewing the Indian experience, an Indian author concludes that agriculture
taxation is even more problematic in the developing states as the practices of
standard account keeping and payments through banks are missing in these
countries.

On the other hand, agriculture accounts for a minor share of GDP in the
developed countries and consequently taxing agriculture is not a prominent issue
for them. In fact, agriculture is negatively taxed on balance in the OECD
countries. But in developing countries like Pakistan and India, agriculture
still accounts for a significant proportion of GDP, i.e. 21 and 15 per cent
respectively and therefore becomes an issue of interest in the fiscal policy
debate.

In theory, agricultural income should be taxed in the same way as other forms of
income. But it is easier said than done as the difficulty is how to ascertain
the declared income in the case of agriculture sector. The performance of Income
Tax department in Pakistan is abysmally poor for even those sectors which are
less hard-to-tax in other countries. How would it ascertain the declared income
from agriculture?

Not surprisingly, even though the laws provide for two alternative calculations
of the tax, one based on land area and the other one on agricultural income, it
is the land area method which is actually used in provinces. Owing to the
administrative level difficulties, writers on fiscal policy also support a
presumptive norm-based levy on land, in proportion to potential output as the
basis of agricultural taxation.

Finally, let us deal with equity considerations. It becomes a case of
apocalyptic injustice when salaried people pay huge proportions of their hard
earned incomes

as taxes while big feudal lords roam around in glittering vehicles without
paying a penny on their income. Such spectacles also instigate other taxpayers
to lower their voluntary compliance and not to pay their taxes by evasion or
avoidance.

The upshot of the preceding analysis is that the AIT should be supported on the
basis of equity principle. At the same time, however, we should not pin much
hope on AIT in terms of revenue potential due to practicality issues.

Currently, the tax-GDP ratio of about nine per cent is one of the lowest in the
world and even lower than that of our neighbours like India and Bangladesh. If
we want to increase this ratio to the agreed 14 per cent mark, the more reliable
taxes like VAT and income tax should be the mainstay of fiscal policy as
agriculture tax cannot be expected to do this job. If all provinces are serious
in implementing AIT, they will have to first modernise agriculture
record-keeping.

The constitutional restraints should also be seriously addressed by either
including AIT in the concurrent list or by authorising the centre to collect it
in the same way as they have done in the case of GST on services. Most
importantly, the government should embark on a comprehensive tax reform so that
the intertwined issues of revenue generation and equity are addressed in a more
holistic way rather than in a piecemeal fashion Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

72 rich farmers of MP, Chhattisgarh under IT scanner

BYLINE: Cherrupreet Kaur

SECTION: RAIPUR

LENGTH: 551 words


RAIPUR: Seventy-two affluent farmers of Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh are
under Income Tax scanner following suspicion that they avoided paying taxes by
declaring their earnings as returns from farming. IT department has identified
rich farmers, who have declared more than Rs one crore as agriculture income, in
both the states. "There are many assesse who fall in this category.

But, as of now, IT department has identified 72 of them for a detailed
scrutiny", Income Tax department sources said. Investigation wing of IT
department would also carry out a drive to scan those farmers, who are not
filing income tax returns despite selling horticulture produce worth of lakhs in
the markets. Such farmers also maintain the earnings in fixed deposit accounts
of banks, which is also taxable but don't pay tax, they added. IT department is
on a drive in this region to identify various forms of rich farmers and
businessmen, who do money laundering by buying agricultural land to avoid paying
taxes, by declaring that their earnings as generated from farming.When
contacted, senior chartered accountant Singhai Sanjay Jain said, "It's a general
notion that agriculture income is not considered under IT returns, which is
beyond truth. Agriculture income is also considered to assess tax amount on
taxable income. In other words, agriculture income increases burden of tax on
non-agriculture income, it means agriculture income is being taxed under the
veil and rigorous efforts are being made by revenue authority to tax it
directly."He said the only condition in which the agriculture income is tax-free
is when a person's source of income from other means is just below Rs 5000."
Such category of people is in thousands of numbers but before taking off this
drive smoothly, the IT Department has initially marked only 72 rich farmers in
Chhattisgarh and Madhya Pradesh on experimental basis to evaluate the filed
income-tax by cross-checking it with vouchers and bills of seeds, fertilisers,
agriculture equipment and infrastructure raised for protected farming and
others, pointed out. Indications are that the initial investigative results
would be astonishing as it include many leaders of political spectrum,
administrative officials and businessmen. The assessee's income-tax return of
past five years would be evaluated by the IT department in order to get into the
bottom of their tax payment history.Jain also told TOI that in Bhopal and Indore
there are rich farmers and agro-companies, which have shown their profit up to
Rs five crores. Now their land and produce's market and buyers would be screened
to cross-check the facts.Senior Agriculture Scientist Dr Sanket Thankur said,
"In Chhattisgarh there are many so-called farmers, who have registered their
land and agro based companies in name of their wives and are working
themselves."Industrialists, who own rolling mills also own agriculture land,
shows themselves as working in floriculture and horticulture produces.
Apparently, they don't pay taxes on agriculture income as they are taking the
benefit of Tax laws designed to help lakhs of poor farmers. Besides, most of the
benefits like subsidy on fertilisers and minimum support price go to rich
farmers, who have irrigation facilities", he added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Pakistan: Cabinet body to discuss agri tax levy today

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 08 -- Special Cabinet Committee for Tax on agriculture sector
will meet here today (Tuesday). Federal Minister for Finance, Revenue, Economic
Affairs, Planning & Development, Dr Abdul Hafeez Sheikh will chair the
meeting.The representatives of governments of four provinces will also attend
this meeting.

In the last week meeting of the Council of Common Interest, Prime Minister Syed
Yusuf Raza Gilani had constituted this special meeting for the collection of tax
on the income of agriculture sector. Finance minister is the chairman of this
committee.

The recommendations of this meeting are likely to be included by the provincial
governments in their respective budgets for the financial year 2011-12,
scheduled to be announced in a week.

The international institutions such as World Bank, Asian Development Bank,
International Monetary Fund have been stressing upon Pakistan to collect tax on
the income of agriculture sector as is being collected on the income of non-
agriculture sector.

On this pressure of IMF President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Gilani has
directed the finance minister to do his utmost to persuade the provincial
governments to collect the already imposed Income tax on agriculture sector just
as Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has been collecting tax on the income of non-
agriculture sector.

This year the FBR is likely to collect Rs1,588 billion tax on the income of non-
agriculture sector.According to the finance minister, the provinces are not
collecting the tax on agriculture sector with the same zeal as is collected by
the FBR.

He, further, disclosed that in Sindh, in the year of 2000, provincial government
had collected Rs500 million agricultural income tax. During the year of 2010 the
collection of tax on agriculture sector decreased up to Rs150 million. He
further stated that the same attitude is being adopted by the provincial
governments of Punjab, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan towards the collection
of tax on agriculture income Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Provinces fail to collect tax on farm income

BYLINE: Mubarak Zeb Khan

SECTION: Vol. LXVII No. 292

LENGTH: 555  words


As part of the 7th National Finance Commission (NFC) Award, all the four
provinces were supposed to improve tax collection, but they fell behind their
commitment to collect tax on farm income and real estate to improve the
country's falling taxtoGDP ratio.

It was agreed in the award that all the provinces will supplement centre's
efforts to increase the taxtoGDP ratio to 13.60 per cent by 201213, but it
actually ended up at 9.6pc for the same year, showing a dismal performance of
the revenue realisation, suggested a report on Second Biannual Monitoring on
Implementation of the NFC Award.

Moreover, nothing has happened on this account. But provinces are getting their
enhanced share from the federal divisible pool as entitled under the 7th NFC
award as against their commitment to increase taxtoGDP ratio to 15pc by the
terminal year 201415, which seems to be missed.

The report was compiled to review the tax measures taken by provinces for
broadening of the tax base, and revenue by the ministry of finance. It was
recommended in the award that provinces would initiate steps to effectively tax
the agriculture and real estate sectors.

The landholding elite in the four provinces never miss an opportunity to grab a
seat of power, but at the same time they feel no shame on sitting on acres of
agricultural land and earning millions from the harvest and yet paying nothing
in taxes.

On agriculture income tax, the only province which took measures was the Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa, while agriculture income tax was being harmonised in consultation
with stakeholders in Sindh.

The report did not give any details about harmonisation and broadening of
agriculture tax base in Sindh. The report was also silent on measures taken in
the last years regarding agriculture income tax in the provinces of Punjab and
Balochistan.

In the recent past, there was a lot of debate on taxing agricultural income, but
the provincial governments' position was unclear and there were no concrete
plans for taxing the income of landlords and property owners for generating
additional revenue. But for the large part, the provincial governments were to
be blamed for their illpreparedness.

As per the report, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa took several measures for broadening of
the agriculture tax base. As per new measures, all those persons who have
declared agriculture income in their tax returns filed for the tax year 2013
received from the FBR were brought under the agriculture income tax in
Pakhtunkhwa.

Moreover, filing of agriculture income tax return was made mandatory for owners
and cultivators of 12 Â½ acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of
cultivated unirrigated land or mature orchard having net income more than
Rs100,000.

Earlier, the return filing was mandatory in case of landholding in excess of 50
acres irrigated and 100 acres unirrigated. But the recent Pakhtunkhwa government
brought the benchmark to the lowest level. Similarly, all such persons have been
asked to self assess their agriculture income as well.

According to the report, comprehensive instructions have been issued for
activities from crop inspection, assessment of agriculture income, filing of
return and issuance of tax demand.

As a result of all these measures, filing of agriculture income tax in
Pakhtunkhwa edged up to 4,799 from earlier 112 persons.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

Qaim forms committee to streamline agriculture tax

BYLINE: Our Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXVIII No. 89

LENGTH: 500  words


Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah has formed a committee headed by Sindh
Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Dr Sikandar Mendhro to prepare a draft for
amendment in the law to streamline the agriculture tax with the consultation of
grower organisations and other stakeholders and directed committee to submit the
proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

The Chief Minister ruled out the impression that agriculture is not being
charged with Income Tax and said that there were many taxes including
Agriculture Income Tax which were already imposed and charged but not being
projected in the media.

This he observed while presiding over meeting regarding income tax on
agriculture held at CM House Karachi on Monday. The Chief Minister was of the
view that agriculture sector is being taxed with Sindh Law Tax, Agriculture
income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess tax and other indirect taxes on
their inputs but neither same are being projected in media nor being in
streamlined or rationalised or revised to avoid anomalies. Besides, the revenue
officers had not played their due role in this regard. The Chief Minister Sindh
Syed Qaim Ali Shah asked the Sindh Minister Dr Sikandar Mendhro to identify the
lacuna in the law and prepare flawless formula draft paper on agriculture income
tax to ensure equal privilege of taxable slab, concessions, remission and other
facilities which are being provided to industrialist's and trades.

He said that agriculture is important sector and the Sindh is agro based
province, its whole economy and livelihood of more than 80pc people depend upon
the agriculture. He said that Sindh Govt was deeply interested to encourage
agriculture sector, by providing more facilities, modern cultivation
methodologies and agricultural implements to the growers and added that this
would also to benefit Govt, industrialists and traders.

The Chief Minister asked Dr Sikandar Mendhro to prepare draft for judicious
amendments in the law or for new act with the consultation of Sindh Chamber of
Agriculture, Sindh Abadgar Board, Revenue / Finance experts and opinion leaders
amicably that to be workable.

He asked the Chief Secretary and authorities of Board of Revenue to activate
their revenue staff for proper collection of the agricultural taxes.

The Sindh Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Sikandar Menhdro while briefing the
meeting said that he had conducted the meeting with the representatives of
grower's organisations and had gone through the law and mechanism for
agriculture tax but found many flaws in the system.

He said that though taxable slab for charging agriculture income tax has been
revised in the province of Punjab and it has been raised from Rs 80,000 to
4,00,000 but in Sindh still it is Rs 80,000 which is unjustified similarly many
other anomalies are in the system which are supposed to be streamlined. He said
that he has collected the proposals from stakeholders and he was working and
finally to submit proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday

Punjab reduces AIT target to Rs 720.5 million

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 161

LENGTH: 374  words


The Punjab government has set a target of Rs 720.522 million as Agricultural
Income Tax (AIT) in the budget 2012-13 as compared to budget estimates 2011-12
of Rs 927.189 million. According to the white paper on budget 2012-13, this
downward trend in revenue collection from agricultural income tax is because of
stagnant AIT rates since 2002-2003, non-implementation of income mode of AIT and
the base has remained static.

In fact, there has been a decline in the cultivated area liable to Agriculture
Income Tax. This has been caused due to division and sub-division of land on
account of inheritance / partition of land and urbanisation, the document added.

White paper further said Agricultural Income Tax (AIT) was originally envisaged
as a tax on income from agricultural activities, but for the sake of convenience
it is also being collected in the form of a land tax with a fixed levy per acre.
In its present form, AIT is being levied in two modes; one is the land tax
levied on land holdings at fixed rates per acre (separately for irrigated and
non-irrigated cultivated lands); and the other, introduced as income based tax.

All income from agriculture above Rs 80,000 per year is subject to tax. AIT is
levied on land holdings of above 12 and half or 25 acres respectively for
irrigated and non-irrigated cultivated land. It further said the issue of taxing
agriculture appropriately has been a subject of great debate in the recent
times. In this regard, the contrast between the contribution of agriculture
sector in national GDP and share contributed by this sector in national revenue
collection has been cited as a justification to more effectively tax agriculture
income.

In this context, it was considered appropriate to develop a consensus among
provinces and to harmonise agriculture income tax across provinces. The issue
was discussed in a meeting of Council of Common Interests (CCI) and it was
decided to constitute a committee of Finance Ministers and Agriculture Ministers
headed by Federal Finance Minister to firm up recommendations for harmonisation
of agriculture income tax. It is expected that the recommendations would be
finalised at an early date and implemented across the country, white paper on
budget concluded.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                              June 10, 2012 Sunday

Punjab reduces AIT target to Rs 720.5 million

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 161

LENGTH: 374  words


The Punjab government has set a target of Rs 720.522 million as Agricultural
Income Tax (AIT) in the budget 2012-13 as compared to budget estimates 2011-12
of Rs 927.189 million. According to the white paper on budget 2012-13, this
downward trend in revenue collection from agricultural income tax is because of
stagnant AIT rates since 2002-2003, non-implementation of income mode of AIT and
the base has remained static.

In fact, there has been a decline in the cultivated area liable to Agriculture
Income Tax. This has been caused due to division and sub-division of land on
account of inheritance / partition of land and urbanisation, the document added.

White paper further said Agricultural Income Tax (AIT) was originally envisaged
as a tax on income from agricultural activities, but for the sake of convenience
it is also being collected in the form of a land tax with a fixed levy per acre.
In its present form, AIT is being levied in two modes; one is the land tax
levied on land holdings at fixed rates per acre (separately for irrigated and
non-irrigated cultivated lands); and the other, introduced as income based tax.

All income from agriculture above Rs 80,000 per year is subject to tax. AIT is
levied on land holdings of above 12 and half or 25 acres respectively for
irrigated and non-irrigated cultivated land. It further said the issue of taxing
agriculture appropriately has been a subject of great debate in the recent
times. In this regard, the contrast between the contribution of agriculture
sector in national GDP and share contributed by this sector in national revenue
collection has been cited as a justification to more effectively tax agriculture
income.

In this context, it was considered appropriate to develop a consensus among
provinces and to harmonise agriculture income tax across provinces. The issue
was discussed in a meeting of Council of Common Interests (CCI) and it was
decided to constitute a committee of Finance Ministers and Agriculture Ministers
headed by Federal Finance Minister to firm up recommendations for harmonisation
of agriculture income tax. It is expected that the recommendations would be
finalised at an early date and implemented across the country, white paper on
budget concluded.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday

Agriculture tax: sifting myth from reality

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: Karachi


    EVER since the PPP-led coalition government introduced the reformed general
 sale tax bill in the parliament, fiscal policy has emerged as a burning issue
among analysts and opinion makers.  While the new taxation measure has drawn a
lot of flak from the business community and political leaders, the government
is caught up between the devil and the deep blue sea as it knows that there is
a big hole in the public finances.  Taxing agricultural income is not a new
topic of public policy debate; however it has gained a new hype in the media in
 the wake of the RGST. Though there is a mushroom growth of literature on
theoretical aspects of taxation, a good tax is one which not only can be
implemented but should have minimum unintended consequences as well. .  As a
general rule and for a more holistic analysis it is helpful to answer the
following questions when appraising any new tax. First, what will be the net
revenue generated by the new measure i.e. whether it would be efficient?
Second, whether imposing the tax and collecting the revenue is practically
possible?  Third, whether the tax would improve equity?  Let us begin with the
first question i.e. assessing the revenue potential of agriculture income tax
(AIT). The AIT can be traced back to 1886 when after re-imposition of income
tax by the British in India, agricultural income was exempted as land revenue
and cess were the greater sources of revenue.  Interestingly, those who paid
land revenue preferred national income tax but their repeated calls were
rejected by the then British Indian government. It was the Government of India
Act, 1935 which transferred imposition of income tax to the provinces and since
 then it has stayed like this in both India and Pakistan.  In terms of revenue
generation, 'land revenue' fell sharply from 40 in 1860 to nine per cent in
1947 and to less than 0.3 per cent of the total national revenue in Pakistan
nowadays. In the developed economies, agriculture is not considered a source of
 tax revenue and an OECD publication concludes that tax concessions in OECD
agriculture are more widespread and important than the attention paid to them
would suggest.  No reliable statistics on the revenue potential of AIT are
available even though its advocates-both domestic and foreign- contend
untiringly that while agriculture contributes about one-fifth to the national
income, its share in the total tax revenue is negligible. Those who oppose AIT
even question this oft-repeated assertion by pointing to the implicit taxes on
agriculture resulting from price controls.  Now let us deal with the
practicality issue. All prominent experts on tax policy agree that small
businesses, services and agriculture tend to be the sectors where taxation is
traditionally found to be difficult. Agriculture is commonly rated as the
hardest of all.  Reviewing the Indian experience, an Indian author concludes
that agriculture taxation is even more problematic in the developing states as
the practices of standard account keeping and payments through banks are
missing in these countries.  On the other hand, agriculture accounts for a
minor share of GDP in the developed countries and consequently taxing
agriculture is not a prominent issue for them. In fact, agriculture is
negatively taxed on balance in the OECD countries. But in developing countries
like Pakistan and India, agriculture still accounts for a significant
proportion of GDP, i.e. 21 and 15 per cent respectively and therefore becomes
an issue of interest in the fiscal policy debate.  In theory, agricultural
income should be taxed in the same way as other forms of income. But it is
easier said than done as the difficulty is how to ascertain the declared income
 in the case of agriculture sector. The performance of Income Tax department in
 Pakistan is abysmally poor for even those sectors which are less hard-to-tax
in other countries. How would it ascertain the declared income from agriculture
?  Not surprisingly, even though the laws provide for two alternative
calculations of the tax, one based on land area and the other one on
agricultural income, it is the land area method which is actually used in
provinces. Owing to the administrative level difficulties, writers on fiscal
policy also support a presumptive norm-based levy on land, in proportion to
potential output as the basis of agricultural taxation.  Finally, let us deal
with equity considerations. It becomes a case of apocalyptic injustice when
salaried people pay huge proportions of their hard earned incomes as taxes
while big feudal lords roam around in glittering vehicles without paying a
penny on their income. Such spectacles also instigate other taxpayers to lower
their voluntary compliance and not to pay their taxes by evasion or avoidance.
  The upshot of the preceding analysis is that the AIT should be supported on
the basis of equity principle. At the same time, however, we should not pin
much hope on AIT in terms of revenue potential due to practicality issues.
Currently, the tax-GDP ratio of about nine per cent is one of the lowest in the
 world and even lower than that of our neighbours like India and Bangladesh. If
 we want to increase this ratio to the agreed 14 per cent mark, the more
reliable taxes like VAT and income tax should be the mainstay of fiscal policy
as agriculture tax cannot be expected to do this job. If all provinces are
serious in implementing AIT, they will have to first modernise agriculture
record-keeping.  The constitutional restraints should also be seriously
addressed by either including AIT in the concurrent list or by authorising the
centre to collect it in the same way as they have done in the case of GST on
services. Most importantly, the government should embark on a comprehensive tax
 reform so that the intertwined issues of revenue generation and equity are
addressed in a more holistic way rather than in a piecemeal fashion.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday

Small farmers get bulk of their income from non-agriculture activities

BYLINE: Sandip Das

LENGTH: 556  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


Contrary to common perception that agriculture is the dominant source of income
for rural farm households, a new study by the National Centre for Agriculture
Economics and Policy Research (NCAP), an affiliate body of Indian Council of
Agricultural Research (ICAR) has found out that rural households with small land
holdings receive a substantial share of their income from non-agricultural
sources.

"With falling farm sizes and lower yield, the rural marginal and small farmers
are increasingly looking towards non-farm sector for earning his livelihood,
which also reflects the crisis Indian agriculture faces in the coming years,"
the NCAP study said.

The study showed that small land holders tend to diversify more towards non-farm
activities while farmers with large land holdings tend to remain in agriculture.

"Apart from small land holdings, low agricultural productivity, surplus labour
and higher dependency ratio are other important factors pushing farmers away
from agriculture towards non-farm sector," the study titled 'how important is
rural non-farm sector in enhancing farmers' income' conducted by Pratap S
Birthal and PK Joshi of NCAP said.  The study also validates a 2005 survey
conducted by the government, wherein it was proved that almost 40% farmers are
willing to quit agriculture, if alternative occupation is available to them.

"The message is loud and clear that agriculture is no longer a preferred
occupation for smaller farm households and there is need to create remunerative,
sustainable and equity-oriented income generating opportunities outside the
agricultural sector to enhance their incomes," the NCAP study observed.

Relying on data provided by the National Sample Survey Organization (NSSO) and
secondary data analysis the study said farm households obtain 41.4% from
agricultural activities while 24.4% of the income is derived from non-farm
business and wages and salaries and livestock contributed 24.4% and 19.8% of the
income respectively.

On a cautious note, the study said that though non-farm business activities is
an important income source but 'these are highly unequally distributed and are
one of the largest source of inequality in rural areas having a strong
un-equalizing effect on income distribution.

"Besides the distributional consequences of income sources vary across regions.
Agriculture is the largest source of inequality in irrigated and rainfed zones
and except in arid zone, it has an equalizing effect on income distribution,"
the study said

It also observed that non-farm sector is quite heterogeneous in composition and
input intensities.

The study has suggested that the government should facilitate farm household's
entry into high payoff non-farm sector by reducing financial and skill barriers
including access to credit, insurance and information.

"For creating sustainable and remunerative income opportunities in non-farm
sector, there is need to promote intensification and diversification of
agriculture towards enterprises such as horticulture, animal husbandry and
fisheries that generate large returns to land, labour and capital," the study
recommended.

It has also suggested creation of better infrastructure and market institutions
for enhancing productive capacity of rural economy which would strengthen
farm-non-farm linkages by reducing transactions costs.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

Qaim forms body to prepare draft for amending law on agri tax

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 946

LENGTH: 501  words


The Chief Minister Sindh Syed Qaim Ali Shah has formed a committee headed by
Sindh Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Dr. Sikandar Mendhro to prepare a draft
for amendment in the law to streamline the Agriculture tax with the consultation
of grower organizations and other stake holders and directed committee to submit
the proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

The Chief Minister Sindh ruled out the impression that Agriculture is not being
charged with Income Tax and said that there were many taxes including
Agriculture income Tax which were already imposed and charged but not being
projected in the media.

This he observed while presiding over meeting regarding income tax on
Agriculture held at CM House Karachi today.

The Chief Minister was of the view that Agriculture sector is being taxed with
Sindh Law tax, Agriculture income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess tax
and other indirect taxes on their inputs but neither same are being projected in
media nor being in streamlined or rationalized or revised to avoid anomalies.
Besides, the revenue officers had not played their due role in this regard.

The Chief Minister Sindh Syed Qaim Ali Shah asked the Sindh minister Dr.
Sikandar Mendhro to identify the lacuna in the law and prepare flawless formula
draft paper on Agriculture income tax that to ensure equal privilege of taxable
slab, concessions, remission and other facilities which are being provided to
industrialist's and trades.

He said that Agriculture is important sector and the Sindh is agro based
province, its whole economy and livelihood of more than 80% people depend upon
the Agriculture.

He said that Sindh Govt was deeply interested to encourage Agriculture sector,
by providing more facilities, modern cultivation methodologies and Agricultural
implements to the growers and added that this would also to benefit Govt,
industrialists and traders.

The Chief Minister asked Dr. Sikandar Mendhro to prepare draft for judicious
amendments in the law or for new act with the consultation of Sindh Chamber of
Agriculture, Sindh Abadgar Board, Revenue/Finance experts and opinion leaders
amicably that to be workable.

He asked the Chief Secretary and authorities of Board of Revenue to activate
their revenue staff for proper collection of the agricultural taxes.

The Sindh Minister for Parliamentary affairs Sikandar Menhdro while briefing the
meeting said that he had conducted the meeting with the representatives of
grower's organizations and gone through the law and mechanism for Agriculture
tax but found many flaws in the system.

He said that though taxable slab for charging Agriculture income tax has been
revised in the province of Punjab and it has been raised from Rs 80,000 to 4,
00,000 but in Sindh still it is Rs 80,000 which is unjustified similarly many
other anomalies are in the system which are supposed to be streamlined. He said
that he has collected the proposals from stake holders and he was working and
finally to submit proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             March 27, 2011 Sunday

Punjab farm owners ready for income tax

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: MULTAN


ULTAN, March 27 -- Leaders of the farming community of southern Punjab support
the imposition of farm income tax. This is probably because the agriculture
income has multiplied manifold in Pakistan on the back of high international
commodity prices over the past three years.

Syed Fakhar Imam, former speaker of the National Assembly and a progressive
farmer, said farm-owners should pay tax on their income to promote fairness in
the tax regime. This, he said, would require amendment in the Income Tax Act to
make history by taxing the farming community. Aabiana

He said that although the farming community was already paying various taxes,
including land revenue and irrigation tax () to the provincial government, but
it is ready to pay income tax to strengthen the tax regime in Pakistan.

He, however, said that the government must also look into the issues faced by
farmers who have net got the market price of their products in the past 63 years
as the middleman was exploiting the community.

Dr Karamat Ali, who heads the Economics Department of the Islamia University,
Bahawalpur, said that income from all sectors should be taxed. He said
exemptions were unfair. "All exemptions should be withdrawn and everyone who
earns beyond a certain level irrespective of the source should pay income tax,"
he said. He, however, favoured the structure to be designed in a way that the
small farmer who barely subsists is not burdened.

Dr Ali supported the idea of withdrawing the subsidy for the agriculture sector
and instead favoured the imposition of excise duty on agriculture inputs and
instruments. "But the farming community should also get control over the price
mechanism of its products and the government should help them eliminate the
middleman," he said.

Khawja Mohammad Shoaib of the Farmers` Vision Forum said that the agriculture
sector was getting subsidy all over the world. He said that the farming
community supported doing away with agriculture subsidy as industry, and not
agriculture, was the beneficiary of many of such subsidies.

Mr Shoaib, however, opposed the imposition of duty on agriculture-related
machinery and inputs. He said that the rural community was contributing maximum
share in the overall revenue collected by the government in terms of taxes as
the agriculture-related industry passed on the burden of taxes towards the
farming community by controlling the prices of agriculture raw material.

He believed that only farm-owners having more than 12.5 acres of land should be
brought into the tax net. "Farmers with smaller land holdings or those earning
less than Rs300,000 annually should be spared," he said.

The sentiment was also shared by Jam Hazoor Bakhsh, former secretary-general of
the Kisan Board. He said the government waives off loans of big farmers besides
allotting them government land on lease, but does not seem inclined to solve the
issues of small farmers.

"How can farmers pay tax when they are getting a bag of DAP for Rs4,000 and that
of urea at Rs1,500," he complained Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Persistently low revenue from farm income tax

BYLINE: ASHFAK BOKHARI

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 198

LENGTH: 840  words


QUITE often, the provinces, especially Punjab and Sindh, are subjected to severe
criticism mostly by urban taxpayers, for their poor collection of agriculture
income tax; and also accused of sparing landowners from this tax which, if
enforced effectively, can significantly raise the revenue figure.

Punjab, whose agriculture income tax (AIT) collection fell short by 33pc in the
last fiscal year, blames the court stay orders against the tax for the fall,
although revenue collected through this tax was officially expected to reach
only 60pc of the target of Rs2.3bn. The AIT collected in Sindh since 2002, when
it was levied in the province, has also been quite unimpressive.

However, to silence the growing criticism, the Punjab government intends to
tackle problems in the proper implementation of tax collection on agriculture
income from 2017-18;a year later, after having developed mechanisms and put in
place efficient systems, Provincial Finance Minister Ayesha Ghaus Pasha said on
the 2016-17 budget eve.

The AIT, which was introduced in its new form on July 1, 2015, has been
challenged by some big landowners in the courts claiming it was unnecessary and
frivolous because they were already paying agriculture-related taxes such as
abiana, malia and income tax.

Some farmers associations in Punjab have described it as double taxation which
compelled many to avoid the tax for the 2015-16 fiscal year. Board of Revenue
member Asad Islam Mahni has rejected the charge of double taxation and said
court stay orders were becoming irrelevant because the BoR has got relief from
the superior court in AIT's favour.

The Sindh government also intends to introduce new slabs in the agriculture
income tax in a move to take strict action against tax evaders and financially
protect poor growers

The tax is payable by farmers having 25 acres of irrigated land or 50 acres of
un-irrigated land and they are required to submit their tax returns under the
amendments introduced in 2001.

The Sindh government also intends to introduce new slabs in the agriculture
income tax in a move to take strict action against tax evaders and financially
protect the poor growers. The government's priority at the moment is what the
finance minister calls 'rationalisation of agriculture income tax'. But he would
prefer consultations with the farmers' bodies to find a new way to help expand
the revenue base.

The issue of tax on agriculture income keeps raising its head in the media and
parliament from time to time particularly when the taxpayers in big cities
experience the travails of paying several taxes which keep increasing every year
and often exceeding their paying capacity as far as the middle class is
concerned. They feel being discriminated when they find landowners community
paying no taxes in lieu of land revenue, or much less than what they do.

Speaking at a meeting of Senate Standing Committee on Finance in June 2014,
Federal Finance Minister Ishaq Dar did not agree with a proposal of some of its
members that collection of tax on agriculture income be transferred to the
federal government because, he said, it would be a violation of the
constitution. However, it could be done only when the provinces authorise
federal government to do so. He lamented the extremely low tax collection by the
provinces from a sector that has 21pc share in the GDP.

What has been happening in Sindh is quite shocking to learn. The Sindh Assembly
was informed in March this year that not a single landowner had paid AIT in
Sukkur district during 2012-13 fiscal year although there were 157 such
individuals in the district falling in the tax net. Similarly, in Ghotki
district only four landowners out of 141 paid the AIT. Across the province, out
of 7,366 rich farmers only 1,343 (roughly 18pc) paid the AIT during the year.

Sindh Senior Minister Nisar Khuhro, who provided this information to the house,
acknowledged the fact that the agriculture income tax collection had been very
low since there had been no 'focus' on the collection of this tax by the
provincial government.

The injustice here refers to the change in the taxation mode on agriculture. The
change came after the Income Tax Ordinance 1997, was amended in 2001. The
difference between the two is that the 1997 tax on agriculture was in fact on
the size of the landholding and was hence called 'land tax' or land-based tax
which often remained unchanged unless there was expansion in its size. It is an
old tax imposed in the undivided India by the British. The 2001 tax, now
effective, is a tax on income drawn from crops and other agricultural activities
by the landowner.

According to Dr Tariq Bucha, director, Farmers Associates Pakistan which
represents the interests of big landowners, all policymakers of the world agree
that collection of tax on small business, services and agriculture is very
difficult but tax on agriculture income is even more difficult to collect
because in under-developed countries most of the transactions of income and
expenses are done without receipts.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             March 28, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: Punjab farm owners ready for income tax

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: MULTAN


ULTAN, March 28 -- Leaders of the farming community of southern Punjab support
the imposition of farm income tax. This is probably because the agriculture
income has multiplied manifold in Pakistan on the back of high international
commodity prices over the past three years.

Syed Fakhar Imam, former speaker of the National Assembly and a progressive
farmer, said farm-owners should pay tax on their income to promote fairness in
the tax regime. This, he said, would require amendment in the Income Tax Act to
make history by taxing the farming community. Aabiana

He said that although the farming community was already paying various taxes,
including land revenue and irrigation tax () to the provincial government, but
it is ready to pay income tax to strengthen the tax regime in Pakistan.

He, however, said that the government must also look into the issues faced by
farmers who have net got the market price of their products in the past 63 years
as the middleman was exploiting the community.

Dr Karamat Ali, who heads the Economics Department of the Islamia University,
Bahawalpur, said that income from all sectors should be taxed. He said
exemptions were unfair. "All exemptions should be withdrawn and everyone who
earns beyond a certain level irrespective of the source should pay income tax,"
he said. He, however, favoured the structure to be designed in a way that the
small farmer who barely subsists is not burdened.

Dr Ali supported the idea of withdrawing the subsidy for the agriculture sector
and instead favoured the imposition of excise duty on agriculture inputs and
instruments. "But the farming community should also get control over the price
mechanism of its products and the government should help them eliminate the
middleman," he said.

Khawja Mohammad Shoaib of the Farmers` Vision Forum said that the agriculture
sector was getting subsidy all over the world. He said that the farming
community supported doing away with agriculture subsidy as industry, and not
agriculture, was the beneficiary of many of such subsidies.

Mr Shoaib, however, opposed the imposition of duty on agriculture-related
machinery and inputs. He said that the rural community was contributing maximum
share in the overall revenue collected by the government in terms of taxes as
the agriculture-related industry passed on the burden of taxes towards the
farming community by controlling the prices of agriculture raw material.

He believed that only farm-owners having more than 12.5 acres of land should be
brought into the tax net. "Farmers with smaller land holdings or those earning
less than Rs300,000 annually should be spared," he said.

The sentiment was also shared by Jam Hazoor Bakhsh, former secretary-general of
the Kisan Board. He said the government waives off loans of big farmers besides
allotting them government land on lease, but does not seem inclined to solve the
issues of small farmers.

"How can farmers pay tax when they are getting a bag of DAP for Rs4,000 and that
of urea at Rs1,500," he complaine Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 2, 2011 Thursday

Revision of rules for agriculture income tax collection: CCI forms body

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ & ZAHEER ABBASI

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 152

LENGTH: 950  words


The Council of Common Interests (CCI) has constituted a committee, headed by
Minister of Finance Dr Abdul Hafeez Sheikh, to devise uniform rules for
collection of agriculture income tax from the provinces and resort to an
effective and efficient mode for its assessment and collection.

Sources told Business Recorder that the CCI meeting, chaired by Prime Minister
Yousuf Raza Gilani, took the decision to develop a uniform mechanism for all
four provinces for collection of agriculture income tax. According to the CCI
decision, for the purpose of harmonisation of agriculture income tax which is
the responsibility of the provinces and already levied under provincial laws,
the CCI decided to constitute a committee of the federal and all the provincial
governments to develop a uniform approach and reconcile the policy in this
regard. The Finance Minister and the provincial finance ministers would develop
a uniform policy to ensure collection of agriculture income tax at provincial
level. It was observed that the agriculture income tax was already levied, but
the system for collection of the same has to be improved. The improvement in the
collection of agriculture income tax by the provinces would not only help the
provinces to finance their development schemes, but would augur well for the
national tax-to-GDP ratio. The committee has been authorised by the CCI to
harmonise the agri tax system, increase the rate and put a mechanism for
aggressive collection. Once finalised, it would not be placed before the CCI for
reconsideration, etc.

Sources said that effective taxation of agriculture and real estate sectors by
the provinces and plugging leakages would gradually increase the tax-to-GDP
ratio to 15 percent by 2014-15. All provincial governments had introduced the
land revenue act to tax agricultural income through verification of growers'
incomes, but collection under this head is negligible at provincial level.

The provincial governments would start spadework by involving the respective
provincial departments on review of existing agriculture income tax laws to make
them effective under present circumstances. In this respect, Sindh came under
scathing criticism for its failure in properly collecting taxes in this head.
For example, it collected an amount of Rs 500 million in 2000. However, it
collected only Rs 150 million last year. The collections in the last six years
averaged about Rs 200 million.

Sources said that the issue of GST on services was not taken up during the
meeting of the CCI.

As per decisions of the CCI, to make Irsa financially independent and
self-sustaining, it was proposed that a nominal levy of 30 paisa per acre-foot
at all canal heads and half paisa per electricity watt generated would be
charged, which would be shared by provinces, Wapda and Pakistan Atomic Energy
Commission. Total amount likely to be collected from this source would be Rs 27
million per year. The proposal was unanimously approved by the Council.

As regards policy guidelines for power generation through small independent
power projects of 50 MW, to be undertaken by both federal and provincial
governments, the Council approved the same, in principle, while further details
in this regard would be worked out with the provinces, if and when required.

The CCI meeting deliberated upon seven agenda items and took important
decisions. The Council agreed in principle to a proposal of streamlining the
revenues of the Federal Regulatory Authorities like Ogra, Nepra, Pemra, etc. It
was also decided that the suggestions of the provinces would be subsequently
looked into. It was proposed that the amount over and above the budgetary
requirements collected by various regulatory authorities in the shape of licence
fee, penalties and fines will be deposited in the Federal Consolidated Fund.
Although the matter did not relate directly to the provinces, yet they would
ultimately benefit from this proposal. The relevant legislations of these
authorities will accordingly be amended.

In the wake of increased responsibilities of the Security and Exchange
Commission of Pakistan (SECP) , a Draft Amendment Bill 2011 was presented to the
CCI, which was unanimously approved. The Council was informed that consultations
on this account with all stakeholders in the public and private sectors have
been continuing for past five years. It was decided that the Draft Amendment
Bill would be presented before the Parliament for approval.

On the issue of devolution of National Education Foundation and the National
Commission for Human Development, it was decided that the budget, including
salaries of the employees of both organisation till June 30, 2011 will be
cleared by the Federal Government, while the Chairperson of National Commission
for Human Development Dr Nafeesa Shah would hold consultations with the
provinces for further continuation of these entities till any specified time
period, to be agreed by the provinces.

As regards allocation of 200 cusecs water annually for drinking purposes for
Islamabad, it was decided that the Ministry of Water & Power would negotiate
with Sindh government on proportionate sharing of water according to Water
Accord by all the provinces.

The meeting was attended by Federal Minister for Communication Dr Alamgir Khan,
Minister for Science & Technology Changez Khan Jamali, Minister for Water &
Power Naveed Qamar, Minister for Finance Dr Abdul Hafeez Sheikh, Chief Minister
Punjab Shahbaz Sharif, Chief Minister Sindh Qaim Ali Shah, Chief Minister Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa Amir Haider Hoti, Member of the Implementation Commission Senator
Afrasiab Khattak, the four provincial Chief Secretaries and other senior
government officials.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

Punjab employees asked to show income from agri in ITR

LENGTH: 222 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, March 6 -- Punjab Vigilance Department on Thursday cautioned all
Government employees to "properly" show the income from agriculture in their
income tax returns. The directions were issued after it was noticed that some
employees or officers were not following instructions. "According to the Income
Tax Act, income received by employee or officer is not exempted from income tax
as this exemption is available only to those who are engaged in agriculture as a
full-time profession," said a Government spokesperson. It is said that for the
Government employee, the income from agriculture has to be included in their
salaries and would be classified as standard deduction. It has been made clear
that failure to disclose income from agriculture would amount to concealment of
income and would invite action as per law.

"Some Government employees are not showing income from agriculture in their
income tax returns citing a logic that this income is tax free," the
spokesperson said, adding that instructions have been issued to all heads of
departments to inform their employees to include agriculture income in their
gross income.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

Let agri income taste tax!

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. 4 No. 215

LENGTH: 478  words


Over the decades income from agriculture has remained tax exempted. Various
attempts to tax agriculture income have been frustrated because of Pakistan's
national and provincial assemblies and senate being dominated by the feudal
lords. The plea taken so far has been that declaring agriculture income taxable
would hurt the small farmers. Not only that the stance adopted is totally
incorrect but keeping agriculture income tax exempt has deprived the country of
billions of rupees in revenue. It is encouraging to note that now taxing
agriculture income is once again being deliberated. It has become the collective
responsibility of the society to ensure that no segment of the society enjoys
undue benefit and privileges.

To begin with, the government must follow the cardinal principal that all sorts
of income irrespective of its source should be taxable. The second rule is that
tax liability should be directly proportional to income. Therefore, the plea
that imposition on tax on income from agriculture would affect the small farmers
is totally incorrect. Experts have been saying that basis of calculation for
agriculture income tax should be produce index unit (PIU). While one may be say
that that the probability of nondisclosure remains high, there has be some basis
of calculation that could be improvised with the passage of time.

The second please that it is a provincial subject is also a lame excuse. It is
on record that various taxes in the urban areas are being collected against the
wishes of people and also being diverted to the rural areas. One such example is
motor vehicle tax where billions of rupees are collected from Karachi but the
city gets only a small percentage of that.

Lately in these pages we have highlighted that every year billions of rupees are
collected as road cess from sugarcane growers as well as the millers but there
is no record where the amount is being spent. Some experts go to the extent of
saying that no record is available at all about the amount being collected.

The worst outcome of keeping agriculture income tax exempt is that all sorts of
income are being clubbed and blanket immunity is demanded. In a country where
salary class is paying tax from its nose, feudal lords earning billions of
rupees pay no tax at all. The biggest evidence  of this are  the tax
declarations submitted by MPAs, MNAs and Senators.

The plea adopted that farmers are already paying a variety of taxes is also a
weak argument. People living in urban areas pay tax on almost every item they
purchase. The taxes being paid include sales tax, excise duty, withholding tax
etc. The common man travelling in public transport is paying petroleum
development levy. In other words urban population is mainly contributing to the
national exchequer. Now the time has come to recover tax from feudal lords who
earn billions of rupees every year.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            August 16, 2012 Thursday

Harmonisation of AIT a gigantic task

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 228

LENGTH: 362  words


The committee comprising all the four provincial Finance and Agriculture
Ministers, headed by Federal Finance Minister, is yet to firm up necessary
recommendations for harmonisation of Agricultural Income Tax (AIT), it has been
learnt. Sources said here on Wednesday that this committee was formed in
pursuance of the decision taken in the meeting of the Council of Common
Interests (CCI) for harmonisation of Agricultural Income Tax in all the four
provinces.

The sources maintained that the issue of taxing agriculture appropriately has
been a subject of great debate in the recent times. In this regard, the contrast
between the contribution of agriculture sector in national GDP and share
contributed by this sector in national revenue collection has been cited as a
justification to more effectively tax agriculture income. In this context, it
was considered appropriate to develop a consensus among provinces and to
harmonize agriculture income tax across provinces, the sources said, adding, the
Committee headed by Federal Finance Minister has not so far finalised its
recommendations.

It may be noted that Agricultural Income Tax (AIT) was originally envisaged as a
tax on income from agricultural activities, but for the sake of convenience it
is also being collected in the form of a land tax with a fixed levy per acre. In
its present form, AIT is being levied in Punjab in two modes; one is the Land
Tax levied on land holdings at fixed rates per acre (separately for irrigated
and non-irrigated cultivated lands); and the other, introduced as income based
tax. All income from agriculture above Rs 80, 000 per year is subject to tax.

AIT is levied on land holdings of above 121/2 or 25 acres, respectively for
irrigated and non-irrigated cultivated land, the sources added. The Punjab
government has set a target of Rs 720.522 million for collection of AIT for the
financial year 2012-13 as compared to BE 2011-12 of Rs 927.189 million.

This downward trend in revenue collection from Agricultural Income Tax is due to
the following factors: The rates of AIT have remained unchanged since 2002-2003.
The income mode of Agriculture Income Tax has not been implemented.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            March 28, 2013 Thursday

Nawaz pays Rs 2.7 million tax on agriculture income in three years

BYLINE:  M RAFIQUE GORAYA

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 86

LENGTH: 502  words


PML-N Quaid Mohammad Nawaz Sharif paid Rs 2.7 million tax on his agriculture
income during the past three years on Friday to become eligible for contesting
2013 general elections, sources told Business Recorder here on Wednesday. They
said Nawaz Sharif had earned Rs 18.64 million agriculture income but had paid
only Rs 85,250 as a land based tax during the past three years.

He paid Rs 23,500 in 2010, Rs, 23,500 in 2011 and Rs 38,000 in 2012. Sources
said it was only after addition of a new condition in the nomination form to pay
tax on agriculture income that Nawaz Sharif had to pay tax on his agriculture
income. Shahbaz Sharif paid Rs 2.43 million on agriculture income of Rs 16.45
million during 2012 besides Rs 22,500 land based tax.

It may be added that the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP) has made it
mandatory for the candidates of National and Provincial Assemblies to give a
statement about the agricultural income tax paid by the candidate during past
three years. Tax experts said the new nomination form has paved the way for
payment of agriculture tax by the large land holders on their income instead of
land based nominal tax and promote the tax culture in the country. The
agriculture sector contributes nearly 22 percent to the GDP but its contribution
to the tax net is insignificant.

Sources said that the candidates are finding it difficult to fill the forms and
are thronging the office of tax lawyers for help since most of the candidates
are not known to filing their tax returns and obtain national tax number. The
candidate would have to give details of immovable, moveable property, including
bonds, shares, certificates, securities, insurance policies and jewellery. The
immovable property includes open plots, houses, apartments, commercial
buildings, under construction property. The candidate would also have to give
details of his immovable property in Pakistan and outside Pakistan, and business
capital in and outside Pakistan, assets brought to Pakistan or remitted from a
country.

Political observers said that the candidate would also have to administer oath
to fulfils the qualifications specified in Article 62 of the Constitution and he
is not subject to any of the disqualifications specified in Article 63 of the
Constitution or any other law for the time being in force for being elected as a
member of the National Assembly/ Provincial Assembly and that no case of
criminal offences was pending against him six months prior to filing of
nomination form.

The ECP has set the period of filing of nomination papers from March 24 to 29
while the process of scrutiny of the candidates would be done from March 30 to
April 05. The candidates would be able to file appeal from April 06 to 09, in
case, their nomination papers were dismissed. The ECP would dispose of all the
appeals by April 16. The candidates could withdraw their nomination forms till
April 17. The final list of the candidates would be issued on April 18. The
polling will be held on May 11, 2013.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

Sindh CM forms committee to amend agriculture tax law

BYLINE: Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 205

LENGTH: 413  words


Sindh Chief Minister, Syed Qaim Ali Shah has formed a committee headed by Sindh
Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Dr Sikandar Mendhro to prepare a draft for
amendment in the law to streamline the Agriculture tax with the consultation of
grower organizations and other stake holders and directed committee to submit
the proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

The CM ruled out the impression that Agriculture is not being charged with
Income Tax and said that there were many taxes including Agriculture income Tax,
which were already imposed and charged, but not being projected in the media.
This he observed while presiding over meeting regarding income tax on
Agriculture held at CM House Karachi today.

He was of the view that Agriculture sector is being taxed with Sindh Law tax,
Agriculture income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess tax and other
indirect taxes on their inputs but neither same are being projected in media nor
being in streamlined or rationalized or revised to avoid anomalies. Besides, the
revenue officers had not played their due role in this regard.

He asked the Sindh minister Dr Sikandar Mendhro to identify the lacuna in the
law and prepare flawless formula draft paper on Agriculture income tax that to
ensure equal privilege of taxable slab, concessions, remission and other
facilities which are being provided to industrialists and trades.

He said that Agriculture is important sector and the Sindh is agro-based
province, its whole economy and livelihood of more than 80 percent people depend
upon the Agriculture.

He said that Sindh Govt was deeply interested to encourage Agriculture sector,
by providing more facilities, modern cultivation methodologies and Agricultural
implements to the growers and added that this would also to benefit Govt,
industrialists and traders.

The CM asked Dr. Sikandar Mendhro to prepare draft for judicious amendments in
the law or for new act with the consultation of Sindh Chamber of Agriculture,
Sindh Abadgar Board, Revenue / Finance experts and opinion leaders amicably that
to be workable. He asked the Chief Secretary and authorities of Board of Revenue
to activate their revenue staff for proper collection of the agricultural
taxes.Sindh Minister for Parliamentary affairs Sikandar Menhdro while briefing
the meeting said that he had conducted the meeting with the representatives of
grower's organizations and gone through the law and mechanism for Agriculture
tax but found many flaws in the system.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

GET REAL - Disastrous for the economy

LENGTH: 918  words


It was a disastrous third quarter for agriculture, hunting, fisheries and
forestry (AHFF), according to the latest National Income Accounts estimatesa
minus 2.7 growth rate (meaning a contraction). Disastrous for whom?

Disastrous for the people who make a living in the sector, or about 11.7 million
Filipinos. When agricultural output contracts, everything else remaining the
same, it means income contracts.

Disastrous for our poverty targets, because 70 percent of poor households are in
rural and agricultural areas. When incomes contract, they become poorer, or the
nonpoor fall into poverty. The opposite occurs when incomes increase. Empirical
evidence shows that "the effects of growth originating in agriculture is on the
order of three times more effective at reducing poverty than growth originating
in nonagriculture." What is more, among the poorest, the effect of agricultural
growth is approximately six times greater than nonagricultural growth.

Disastrous for the other sectors (industry, services) as well, and therefore for
the whole economy. This is what a lot of people don't, or can't, get. I hear
businessmen and, alas, some economists, discuss industrialization as the answer
to the problems of agriculture, agricultural poverty, and even land reform.
"We'll just educate them, and industrialize, so they can get jobs out of
agriculturetherefore no need to focus on agriculture." What they're saying, in
other words, is that the agricultural sector has little connection with economic
growth. But our thirdquarter data show that this sector pulled down the growth
of the economy; the GDP growth rate would have been 5.5 percent, but agriculture
contraction pulled it down to 5.3 percent.

The link between agriculture and other sectors was described 60 years ago by W.
Arthur Lewis, Nobel Laureate and a pioneer in economic development.
"Industrialization is dependent upon agricultural improvement: It is not
profitable to produce a growing volume of manufactures, unless agriculture
production is growing simultaneously. This is also why industrial and agrarian
revolutions always grow together, and why economies in which agriculture is
stagnant do not show industrial development."

Why so is explained thusly (drawing heavily on Perkins, et al., "Economics of
Development," 7th Edition, the text I use in my class): "In the absence of
increasing agricultural productivity, the withdrawal of labor from agriculture
eventually or immediately results in reduced food supply, increased food prices,
and thus lower real wages in industry. To continue to attract labor from
agriculture under such circumstances, industrialists would have to pay
continually higher nominal wages, thus undermining the incentives for continued
industrial expansion."

Further research, particularly by Johnston and Mellor, shows additional indirect
intersectoral linkages, both forward and backward, that increase agriculture's
contribution to growth, such as that agricultural incomes create demand for
domestic goods produced by the nonagricultural sector. This gave rise to efforts
to quantify these effects. Bottom line: These growth multipliers range from 1.3
to 2.88, although in Asia they are closer to 1.7 and 1.8meaning, an additional
peso of income generated in agriculture stimulates an additional 0.70 or 0.80
centavos of income in nonagriculture sectors.

For our purposes, let us note three interesting things:

An attempt by Stephen Block to compare growth multipliers in agriculture and
industry in Ethiopia resulted in an agriculture multiplier of 1.54 versus an
industry multiplier of 1.22 to 1.34. The agriculture multiplier is larger than
industry's.

Given the controversies involving agrarian reform and the failure of successive
administrations, including the present (no mention of it in the proposed 2015
budget priorities), to fully support and implement it, the agriculture
multiplier is greater when land ownership is relatively evenly divided.

Our Philippine Development Plan (PDP) implies a growth multiplier of 1.9
(translation: A P1 increase in agricultural incomes generates an additional 90
centavos of nonagricultural income).

The PDP, as well as its recent midterm update, talks great talk on agriculture
(the chapter is titled "Competitive and Sustainable Agriculture and Fisheries
Sector"). But there seems to be a great divide between the talk and the walk.
The StatDev indicators in the National Statistical Coordination Board websitein
all the sectors and areas covered by the PDPshow agriculture as the worst
performing.

It looks like the appointment of Francis Pangilinan as presidential assistant
for food security and agricultural modernization last May hasn't done much to
improve food security (given the thirdquarter data) or increase modernization.
Maybe it's early days, but don't count on it.

The PDP says there are 1.61 million fisherfolk, 1.4 million coconut farmers on
3.33 million hectares, 1.35 million rice farmers on 2.47 million hectares, and
0.68 million corn farmers on 1.35 million hectares. If we prioritize
agricultural objectives on the basis of number of farmers and number of
hectares, coconut farmers should be the No. 1 priorityalso because they earn a
lot of foreign exchange. But the budget expenditures show an almost obsessive
focus on rice (one study shows that 60 percent of the agriculture budget is
spent on rice). The coconut farmers are left to themselves, and the fisherfolk
are in an even worse position.

No wonder inclusive growth is so elusive.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Imposition of new taxes may trigger 'tax revolt'

LENGTH: 477  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Oct. 1 -- General public is already hard pressed and imposition of new
taxes and withdrawal of exemptions through levy of Reformed Generalized Sales
Tax may lead to tax revolt, said tax expert Shahid Jami here on Thursday.

He said recovery of provincial agricultural income tax from landlords and
cultivators was a permanent solution to increase the resources - for which
elaborate laws have existed since 2001.

According to these laws every person who derives agriculture income of more than
Rs 80000, is required to file his annual return of agriculture income and pay
income-based agricultural income tax. However neither landlords nor provincial
governments file returns. Instead of income-based tax, land-based tax is being
collected which is in fact an advance tax per acre of holding to be adjusted
toward income-based final tax on annual agriculture income.

The maximum rate of provincial agriculture income tax is already concessional -
being 15% as against maximum rate of 20% for salaried persons, 25% for
businessmen and 35% for companies. Whereas maximum rate of land-based tax is Rs
300 per acre, which is extremely low.

"For example, as per latest agricultural income tax return Mian Shahbaz Sharif
has paid agriculture income tax of Rs 468000 on his agriculture income of Rs
3500000 for the income year ending on 30 June 2010 - while from his land
holding, an amount of Rs 22500 was collected as a land-based tax by the
provincial government. The difference of Rs 4,45,500 between income-based tax
and land-based tax is an indication of the potential of this levy even at the
concessional rate.

When contacted Jami and asked if Mian Shahbaz has paid his tax, then why not he
is forcing MPAs - jami said it was because they fear there government will be
weakened.

He said there is great mismanagement on the part of provincial governments in
administering this tax. The worst part is, no guidance regarding challan forms
and payment of tax is available in any of relevant offices like Board of
Revenue, District Collector or DDO (Revenue). Websites of three provincial
governments contain no information about this tax whereas information available
on the website of Punjab Board of Revenue is outdated.

Guidance manual titled "Guide Book Agriculture Income Tax in the Punjab"
published in 2001 is available for downloading at website of the board but it is
outdated and contrary to the law as amendments have been after 2001, which have
not been considered and no updated version of the aforesaid Guide Book has been
published. Last date of filing agriculture income tax returns was 30 September
and there were no ads urging compliance. staff report Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 1, 1986 Saturday

Agriculture Canada admits to $3 billion error

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; The Globe and Mail

SECTION: ROB; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 635 words


Department economists now acknowledge that Canadian farm incomes are
 expected to rise by a healthy 8.6 per cent this year, contrary to a much-
 publicized earlier report that placed the increase at a dismal 1.6 per
 cent.

The difference amounts to about $3-billion in extra profit - enough to
 make bankers, tractor suppliers and fertilizer dealers sit up and pay
 attention.

Farm suppliers use the income forecasts for their 1986 market
 projections. They are used by retailers when they order stock, by bankers
 and by manufacturers when they gear up for production.

The new figures were released yesterday "in light of new information
 about the size of the 1985 grain harvest." However, Agriculture Canada did
 not say in the news release that the new information was published by
 Statistics Canada on Dec. 6.

The economists who drew up the income projections later admitted to a
 case of "poor communications." They prepared their income forecasts using
 months' old data, unaware that Statistics Canada employees had redone
 their survey. The harvest was, in fact, considerably higher than first
 believed.

The agriculture economists did not hear about the new information until
 they read about it on Dec. 7, when it was too late to revise their income
 projections.

As a result, the incorrect figure was released to 1,000 of Canada's
 most senior agricultural officials at the Canadian Agricultural Outlook
 Conference in Ottawa on Dec. 10.

They knew by that time that the income figures were wrong, but omitted,
 or neglected, to tell the conference delegates.

The new information had a major, and happy, impact on farm incomes
 figures in the West.

The average net income in Manitoba is now expected to rise by 30 per
 cent, not 7 per cent as Agriculture Canada first reported. In
 Saskatchewan, incomes will fall by an estimated 17 per cent, not 34 per
 cent. And, in Alberta, the income drop will be an estimated 11 per cent,
 not 21.

Incomes fell in Alberta and Saskatchewan because of the midsummer
 drought.

OUR MISTAKE

The federal Department of Agriculture has raised its estimate of 1986
 farm income by $260-million.  An incorrect figure was published Feb. 1.
 (Feb. 4, 1986.  B2)

LETTER TO EDITOR

Farm-income outlook
 Though we usually do not respond to individual articles, there are
 occasions when our responsibility to the farmers who own Saskatchewan
 Wheat Pool demands that we do so. One such occasion was the article
 headlined Agriculture Canada Admits To $3-Billion Error (Feb. 1).

Both headline and copy had flaws of fact and interpretation, making it
 difficult for a reader not to conclude that estimates of farm income had
 been poorly prepared, and that farmers are much better off than they claim
 to be. An error in calculation resulted in a feature not reflecting
 economic reality in agriculture, especially on Saskatch- ewan farms.

For Saskatchewan farmers whose realized net income went down 23.3 per
 cent, the prospect of a further drop of 17.4 per cent - as outlined in the
 Agriculture Canada documents on which the article was based - is
 disheartening. They are understandably sensitive to articles on farm
 income, particularly to suggestions of "extra profit," when the best news
 for them in the farm- income outlook is that their take- home pay will not
 shrink as much as expected. And that is just as subject to revision -
 either up or down - as were the estimates issued Jan. 31.

Part of the rationale for national news media is creation of
 understanding. Your work has helped to do so in several cases where
 agricultural issues and developments needed to be explored. This time,
 unfortunately, it has not. How about tackling the farm income issue again,
 looking not at a single year, but at the trend since 1981?

Duane Mohn
 Manager, Public Affairs
 Saskatchewan Wheat Pool

Regina
 (Letter to Editor. Feb. 22, 1986.  A7)

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1986 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              October 24, 1991, Thursday, DAILY: NATIONAL EDITION

Farm income falls below 5-year average

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 181 words

DATELINE: Edmonton, Alta.


Farm income is expected to drop 17% this year from its 1985-89 average,
Agriculture Canada economist Wayne Jones said yesterday.

For 1991, realized farm income is forecast at $3.28 billion. The five-year
average is $3.94 billion.

Still, the figure for this year is up 10% from last year's $2.98 billion,
Agriculture Canada said in its third-quarter outlook. But last year's realized
income had dropped sharply from the average of the previous five years.

Jones said some sectors, such as dairy and hogs, are doing well, and the higher
income expected in those sectors masks the severity of the downturn in grains
and oilseeds.

Income projections include payments from two new federal-provincial income
-support programs. However, $800 million in emergency aid to farmers announced
on Oct. 10 is not included. Most of that $800 million might not be paid until
the next calendar year.

In its outlook, Agriculture Canada says export subsidies offered by the U.S. and
the European Community are expected to remain high, keeping wheat prices at
record lows.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

Sindh govt sets a mere Rs 500m tax on agri income

BYLINE:  Muhammad Yasir

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 162

LENGTH: 531  words


The Sindh government has set a mere tax collection target of Rs 500 million on
agriculture income for the next financial year 2011-12, which is 66.66 percent
higher as compared with previous fiscal year.

The provincial government mentioned that it would likely meet its target of Rs
300 million of agriculture income tax for the outgoing fiscal year 2010-11.

The production of major crops has increased by 600,000 metric tonnes in the
province as compared with previous year. The wheat crop witnessed enhanced
production that will reach 4.22 million metric tonnes as per estimate, which led
the Sindh government to export this commodity for the first time in the history
of the province.

A renowned economist Shahid Hassan Siddique criticised the proposal of
provincial government to set a minimal target of tax for the agriculture sector,
which has a major contribution to the economy of province and the country.

The agriculture sector's contribution is roughly calculated at Rs 303 billion in
the gross domestic product, which the province contributes heavily. The tax
target is a non-serious effort to generate income for economy.

Siddique said the provincial government could collect Rs 20 billion on
agriculture income of the landlords and farmers with political will. Besides,
there is reluctance to collect property tax through right evaluation of land
value for generating huge income for the province.

The provincial government has not devised any plan to increase its income and
contribution to the federal government, therefore, this is no benefit of the
National Finance Commission (NFC) Award and transfer of department from federal
to provincial level, the economist added.

The provincial tax and non-tax receipts are revised down to Rs 45.1 billion,
which is 13 percent higher as compared with revised target of outgoing fiscal
year.

The provincial government claimed that it carried out concentrated efforts in
consultation with all stakeholders to chalk out modus operandi to recover
agriculture income tax as much as possible in the Sindh province.

There are anomalies in the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance 2000 that created
hurdles in the collection of tax from landlords due to devolution of revenue
system. The tax collection on the account of agriculture income tax was down
almost 50 percent owing to lesser control over revenue officers of concerned
departments.

The government claims that it will meet the collection of target of Rs 300
million for the first time in the history with the assistance of Sindh Chamber
of Agriculture, Sindh Abadgar Board and its revenue department.

Sindh government revenue collection growth depicted with its set estimated
target of GST on services.

The provincial government has estimated to increase its general sales tax (GST)
collection on services by 140 percent in the next financial year 2011-12. This
revenue collection will be materialised because of NFC Award.

The target was set hugely at Rs 19.5 billion GST on services to be transferred
by federal government to provincial government.

In the outgoing fiscal year, the provincial government received Rs 8.1 billion
from the federal government on the account of GST on services.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              June 12, 2011 Sunday

Sindh govt sets a mere Rs 500m tax on agri income

LENGTH: 571 words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, June 12 -- By Muhammad Yasir

KARACHI: The Sindh government has set a mere tax collection target of Rs 500
million on agriculture income for the next financial year 2011-12, which is
66.66 percent higher as compared with previous fiscal year.

The provincial government mentioned that it would likely meet its target of Rs
300 million of agriculture income tax for the outgoing fiscal year 2010-11.

The production of major crops has increased by 600,000 metric tonnes in the
province as compared with previous year. The wheat crop witnessed enhanced
production that will reach 4.22 million metric tonnes as per estimate, which led
the Sindh government to export this commodity for the first time in the history
of the province.

A renowned economist Shahid Hassan Siddique criticised the proposal of
provincial government to set a minimal target of tax for the agriculture sector,
which has a major contribution to the economy of province and the country.

The agriculture sector's contribution is roughly calculated at Rs 303 billion in
the gross domestic product, which the province contributes heavily. The tax
target is a non-serious effort to generate income for economy.

Siddique said the provincial government could collect Rs 20 billion on
agriculture income of the landlords and farmers with political will. Besides,
there is reluctance to collect property tax through right evaluation of land
value for generating huge income for the province.

The provincial government has not devised any plan to increase its income and
contribution to the federal government, therefore, this is no benefit of the
National Finance Commission (NFC) Award and transfer of department from federal
to provincial level, the economist added.

The provincial tax and non-tax receipts are revised down to Rs 45.1 billion,
which is 13 percent higher as compared with revised target of outgoing fiscal
year.

The provincial government claimed that it carried out concentrated efforts in
consultation with all stakeholders to chalk out modus operandi to recover
agriculture income tax as much as possible in the Sindh province.

There are anomalies in the Agriculture Income Tax Ordinance 2000 that created
hurdles in the collection of tax from landlords due to devolution of revenue
system. The tax collection on the account of agriculture income tax was down
almost 50 percent owing to lesser control over revenue officers of concerned
departments.

The government claims that it will meet the collection of target of Rs 300
million for the first time in the history with the assistance of Sindh Chamber
of Agriculture, Sindh Abadgar Board and its revenue department.

Sindh government revenue collection growth depicted with its set estimated
target of GST on services.

The provincial government has estimated to increase its general sales tax (GST)
collection on services by 140 percent in the next financial year 2011-12. This
revenue collection will be materialised because of NFC Award.

The target was set hugely at Rs 19.5 billion GST on services to be transferred
by federal government to provincial government.

In the outgoing fiscal year, the provincial government received Rs 8.1 billion
from the federal government on the account of GST on services. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Business Day (South Africa)

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday
                              Business Day Edition

Agriculture survey holds 'few surprises'

BYLINE: SHANNON SHERRY

SECTION: ECONOMY, BUSINESS & FINANCE

LENGTH: 445  words


Agriculture survey holds 'few surprises'

Agriculture and Food Correspondent

ABOUT 84% of South African households engaged in agriculture are headed by
people with incomes of less than R38,400 a year, a Statistics SA survey shows.

Of the 2.9-million agricultural household heads, fewer than 58,000 have incomes
of over R307,200 a year and just over 8,200 earn more than R1.2m a year,
according to the survey released yesterday.

Almost 2,800 of those in the high-earning category are from Gauteng. It is the
highest amount in this segment among the provinces even though Gauteng (279,000
agricultural households) ranks only a distant fourth behind KwaZulu-Natal
(717,000), the Eastern Cape (597,000) and Limpopo (468,000).

The survey also found that almost 10,300 (0,35%) of SA's agricultural households
are headed by children under 15 years of age.

KwaZulu-Natal, with 4,400, the Eastern Cape (2,100) and Limpopo (1,500) have the
most child-headed agricultural households.

Women make up 48% of agricultural household heads in SA. In the Eastern Cape
(55%), KwaZulu-Natal (54%) and Limpopo (52%) woman-headed households outnumber
those headed by men.

The Cape Town-based Institute for Poverty, Land and Agrarian Studies' Michael
Aliber said there are & few surprises& in the survey, but he added that although
agriculture is & important& to the vast majority of the households surveyed,
they & do not rely principally on agriculture for their diets, and certainly not
for disposable income& quot;I think it is shocking that there are so many
child-headed households ... especially since we promote agriculture as a partial
remedy for vulnerability,& he said.

The share of woman-headed households, he said, & is in line with what we know&
quot;The fact that a large proportion of agricultural households have low
incomes is not a surprise. Although some do derive significant incomes from
agriculture, a larger number are poor households for whom agriculture helps
stave off levels of deprivation that would be even worse otherwise,& Dr Aliber
said.

But he added that & subsistence production by its nature is not captured in the
usual measures of cash income, thus many are not as poor as the income figures
suggest - though by and large they are quite poor& Regarding rural access to
water, the survey found that 20% of the households nationally have no access to
piped water, and a further 28% have piped water only outside of their yards. In
this respect again Gauteng and the Free State seem the best served.

Most of the rural households use electricity for lighting and cooking, though
wood is also used to a great extent for cooking in KwaZulu-Natal, Limpopo and
the Eastern Cape.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

Farm acreage, income on the rise in Minnesota

BYLINE: Mike Klein, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Feb. 6--With corn and grain prices soaring, the number of acres being farmed has
risen in several agricultural counties of southeastern Minnesota.

Dodge, Mower, Goodhue and Fillmore all reported their highest number of farmland
acres in at least 15 years in 2007, according to the 2007 Census of Agriculture
released this week. The census is taken every five years.

Why? With food prices on the rise, farm income was $13 billion statewide in
2007, up 54 percent from the previous census in 2002. In Goodhue County, income
increased 68 percent.

But many costs also rose: Fuel and fertilizer expenses were up 90 percent,
according to the Minnesota Department of Agriculture.

"The income side was up, but the expense side was up too," said Doug Hartwig,
director of the Minnesota field office for the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Statewide, the amount of cropland was down 2 percent, and the number of farms
was virtually unchanged. Minnesota remained the seventh-leading agriculture
state.

"These numbers underscore the value of agriculture not only here in Minnesota,
but also our ability to compete in the global agricultural marketplace," said
Minnesota Agriculture Commission Gene Hugoson.

While neighboring counties saw an increase, Olmsted County suffered a 5 percent
drop in farmland acres and a 1 percent drop in farms, partly because more land
was taken for development.

"You'll have some of those acres dropping out just from urban sprawl," Hartwig
said. "We don't have a good handle on the total."

Olmsted has a large number of small farmers; 445 of its 1,384 farms had sales of
less than $1,000.

The eastern counties bordering the Mississippi River also saw drops in farmland
acreage -- 4 percent in Houston and 2 percent in Winona and Wabasha. Strangely
enough, the number of farms was up 7 percent in Winona, as it saw an increase in
small farms.

Those three woodland-heavy counties have proportionately less cropland than the
rest of the region. Cropland accounts for 52 percent of Houston County, 63
percent of Winona County and 69 percent of Wabasha County.

By contrast, Mower has 93 percent cropland and Dodge has 91 percent.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090206-RC-Farm-acreage-income-on-the-rise-in-Minnesota-0206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2009 Post-Bulletin


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Porterville Recorder (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 12, 2011 Monday

2011 expected to be a good year for farmers

BYLINE: The Recorder, The Porterville Recorder, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 823 words


Dec. 12--The United States Department of Agriculture is forecasting a good year
for farmers, with net farm income projected at $100.9 billion for 2011, up $21.8
billion (28 %) from 2010.

Net farm income reflects income from production in the current year, whether or
not sold within the calendar year.

Net cash income, at $109.8 billion, is forecast up $17.5 billion (18.9%) from
2010, and $34.2 billion above its 10-year average (2001-2010) of $75.6 billion.

Net farm income is a measure of the increase in wealth from production, whereas
net cash income is a measure of solvency, or the ability to pay bills and make
payments on debt. Net value added is expected to increase by almost $23.9
billion in 2011 to $153.7 billion. Net farm income and net cash income are both
projected to exceed $100 billion for the first time in 2011. However, the rates
of increase in both income measures show slight decreases from the previous
year. The 2011 inflation-adjusted forecasts of net value added of agriculture to
the U.S. economy and net cash income are the highest values recorded since 1974.

"Today's farm income forecast shows that the American brand of agriculture
continues to be a bright spot in our nation's economy," said  Agriculture
Secretary Tom Vilsack. "Following on a strong 2010, all three measures of farm
sector earnings again experienced strong growth in 2011. This is good news for
rural America and for our national economy."

Vilsack pointed out that a combination of factors led to the positive forecast,
including "growth in cash receipts, off-farm employment, and a record high of
$137.4 billion in FY 2011 farm exports -- which continues U.S. agriculture's
year over year trade surplus."

"A strong U.S. agricultural economy means more opportunities for small
businesses owners and jobs for folks who package, ship, and market agricultural
products. Our farmers and ranchers have worked hard to keep their debt low and
to capitalize on a broader economic recovery. Their willingness to adapt,
innovate and embrace new research and technologies has ensured their success and
can be a blueprint for the rest of the country's economic recovery," the
secretary added.

The USDA expects a more than 16-percent increase in sales of crop and livestock
by U.S. farm operations in 2011, with gains spread out among many different
categories.  Crop sales are expected to exceed $200 billion for the first time
in U.S. history, with record or near-record levels across different crop
categories.  Livestock sales are predicted to rise almost 17 percent, with
double-digit increases across most categories, especially red meats.

Total production expenses are forecast to jump about $34 billion (12 %) in 2011
to nearly $320 billion, driven by increases in input prices. Government payments
are forecast to be $10.6 billion in 2011, a 14.4 % decrease from 2010.
California farmers received among the least amount of government payments of any
state in the nation.

Cotton receipts in 2011 are expected to rise to almost one-third above their
2010 level. U.S. cotton exports are forecast to account for the lowest share of
global trade in the past 10 years. The 2011 U.S. cotton crop is forecast 8
percent below 2010, and U.S. demand in marketing-year 2011 is expected to be the
lowest since the 1999 marketing year. U.S. cotton producers are expected to
receive 89 cents per pound on their lint sales and $237.67 per ton on their
sales of cotton seed in 2011.

Double-digit increases in quantities sold are expected for avocados, almonds,
walnuts, and cranberries in 2011. Double-digit declines in quantities sold are
expected for pecans and lemons.

Overall, fruit and tree nut sales are predicted to rise over 3 percent as the
average price for fruit and nuts increases a little over 3 percent. Almonds have
benefited from a record-breaking harvest. However, pecan production has suffered
from drought conditions.

Large anticipated price increases in 2011 are expected to generate strong sales
for U.S. livestock. Drought has continued to play a major role in U.S. beef
cattle markets. Exports of U.S. beef are up 27 percent from last year. Dairy
receipts are expected to increase by more than one-quarter as milk prices
received by dairy farmers rise to more than $20/cwt.

After falling $12.0 billion (4.1 percent) in 2009 and rebounding a relatively
modest $4.5 billion (1.6 percent) in 2010, total production expenses are set to
rise $34.4 billion (12.0 percent) in 2011 to a nominal record $320.0 billion.
The 2011 jump resembles the large increases in production expenses in 2007 and
2008. This is the first time that expenses will have exceeded $300 billion. When
adjusted for inflation, 2011 expenses also set a record, surpassing the previous
peak reached in 1979.

___ (c)2011 The Porterville Recorder (Porterville, Calif.) Visit The Porterville
Recorder (Porterville, Calif.) at www.recorderonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111212-PI-2011-expected-to-be-a-good-year-for-farmers-1212-20111212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                            Copyright 2011 Recorder


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

FBR to launch Risk Based Audit Plan

BYLINE:  Sajid Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 348

LENGTH: 707  words


Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has also decided to launch Risk Based Audit Plan
based on central risk benchmarks for selection of income tax returns from
January 2012, Salman Siddique, Chairman FBR informed group of reporters here on
Monday.

This plan would remain under implementation for next six months and risk
criteria would be forwarded to 21 regional income tax offices for selection of
income tax returns for total audit of income tax returns and said that hopes are
high that this audit would yield good results, he added.

Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has decided to share data of those rich, who have
been identified under broadening of tax base drive and have informed that they
have created their assets from agriculture income so as to book them under
provincial agriculture income tax net.

He also informed that a major step is being implemented from January 2012, under
which no input tax adjustment would be allowed to GST registered persons who are
not to demand and mention in their monthly returns CNIC and NTN of their
un-registered buyers. This would help not only document the economy, but, would
also help increase in revenues within this fiscal year, he added.

FBR chief said that during the broadening of tax base drive over 0.7 million had
been identified and some 60 percent of them have declared that they have created
these assets from agriculture income and remittances, 54 percent of them
mentioned their income from agriculture and 6 percent of them were income from
remittances. He said that once the verification of such details to be received
from provinces for those who don't have agriculture income, than FBR would be
taking next step to enforce Income Tax returns from them.

The Chairman was of the view that due to discriminatory tax system a huge
population of the country, despite having wealth and assets is not paying their
due taxes and there is dire need to bring such persons in income tax net or
agriculture income tax net. Provinces are also making arrangements for improved
agriculture income tax mechanism and Punjab has proposed unified rate and
mechanism for this tax.

Chairman was of the view that FBR has collected Rs 712 billion till December 15,
2011 and in the remaining period Rs 1240 billion would require to be collected
to meet the annual tax collection target of 1952 billion. He informed that Rs 50
billion would be added in total collection through administrative measures, Rs
21 billion from flood surcharge arrears, Rs 10 billion from court cases, Rs 27
billion from withholding tax recovery out of which 14 billion have already been
recovered from banks and telecommunication companies. Detection of wrong GST
input tax adjust claims have reached at Rs 32 billion and FBR has managed to
recover 12.2 billion last fiscal and Rs 1.2 billion this fiscal year. He also
informed that revenue leakages are being plugged with the help of revenue
advisory group's consultation.

Salman Siddique also informed that ECC in its last meeting has discussed the
demand for restoration of GST exemption on tractors. The demand is being raised
that the local manufacturers have decreased the production of tractors owing to
low demand because of GST. He informed that FBR has held meeting with tractor
manufacturers and they have negated this impression and said that ZTBL has
frozen the credit line for purchase of tractors that is the main reason behind
this as well as rumours of withdrawal of GST on tractors is also resulting in
lower sales of tractors. He said that in next ECC meeting decision would be
taken on this demand.

FBR Chief also informed that regime for five export oriented sectors is being
revamped and soon a new regime with standard 5 percent concessional rate would
be implemented and final consultation would held on the proposed regime on
December 23, where representative the commercial importers would also be invited
to remove their grievances.

The Chairman FBR also mentioned that major focus of FBR would be increasing
direct taxes collection as well as increase in domestic GST collection. In this
regard proper monitoring mechanism have been put in-place and this mechanism
would help track the due tax realization in remaining second half of the ongoing
fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

Income tax on agriculture suspended since Oct in Punjab

LENGTH: 474  words


he move puts a question mark on government's efforts of expanding the tax net
for better tax revenue collection

_: The Punjab government has taken the decision of suspending the income tax on
the agricultural sector during a meeting, chaired by Provincial Minister for Law
and  Parliamentary Affairs. The move is considered unlawful as it violates
orders of the Supreme Court judgment that binds the federal and provincial
governments to take decisions on fiscal matters with prior approval of the
respective cabinets. It has also dealt a blow to the government's recent efforts
and initiative of expanding the tax net for better tax revenue collection.

The provincial government cannot suspend the Agriculture Income Tax through an
executive order, said Dr Ikram ul Haq, a Supreme Court lawyer and an expert on
tax matters. He further briefed that after the historical judgment of the apex
court, the tax collection cannot be suspended even through a Governor Order.
'It is a mockery of the law and the provincial government has gone way too far,'
said Haq.

'The income-based assessment and collection of Agriculture Income Tax under
Second Schedule of the Punjab Agricultural Income Tax Act, 1997, should be
withheld till further orders,' according to the notification issued by the
Punjab Board of Revenue in October last year.

The decision was taken by the Punjab chief minister who appears to have
succumbed to the pressure exerted by various influential lobbies such as
landlords and politicians. The move will further pull down tax revenue
collection. Against an estimated potential of Rs200 billion, the Punjab
government merely collected Rs1.6 billion in agriculture income tax during the
last fiscal year 2015-16.

The provincial government was collecting two types of taxes from agriculture -
income-based and land-based. The land-based collection of the tax would
continue, according to the notification.

The share of agriculture in the economy is about one-fifth but its share in
total revenue is less than 1%, depicting huge tax evasion in the sector. In the
previous fiscal year 2015-16, Punjab received Rs901 billion from the centre as
its share in federal taxes while generated a meagre sum of Rs143 billion through
its own efforts, according to the Ministry of Finance.

However the Punjab government is of the view that the agriculture sector is
passing through difficult times and the provincial government is trying to
revive this important sector by providing it various incentives like subsidies
and relaxation in taxation, said Pasha.  She said that at the time of the
revival of the sector, the provincial government temporarily suspended income
-based tax. She said that the provincial government also needed some time to put
in place proper mechanisms for actual assessment of the incomes generated from
the agriculture sector.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2017 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

FBR to launch Risk Based Audit Plan

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 20 -- Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has also decided to launch
Risk Based Audit Plan based on central risk benchmarks for selection of income
tax returns from January 2012, Salman Siddique, Chairman FBR informed group of
reporters here on Monday.

This plan would remain under implementation for next six months and risk
criteria would be forwarded to 21 regional income tax offices for selection of
income tax returns for total audit of income tax returns and said that hopes are
high that this audit would yield good results, he added.

Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has decided to share data of those rich, who have
been identified under broadening of tax base drive and have informed that they
have created their assets from agriculture income so as to book them under
provincial agriculture income tax net.

He also informed that a major step is being implemented from January 2012, under
which no input tax adjustment would be allowed to GST registered persons who are
not to demand and mention in their monthly returns CNIC and NTN of their
un-registered buyers. This would help not only document the economy, but, would
also help increase in revenues within this fiscal year, he added.

FBR chief said that during the broadening of tax base drive over 0.7 million had
been identified and some 60 percent of them have declared that they have created
these assets from agriculture income and remittances, 54 percent of them
mentioned their income from agriculture and 6 percent of them were income from
remittances. He said that once the verification of such details to be received
from provinces for those who don't have agriculture income, than FBR would be
taking next step to enforce Income Tax returns from them.

The Chairman was of the view that due to discriminatory tax system a huge
population of the country, despite having wealth and assets is not paying their
due taxes and there is dire need to bring such persons in income tax net or
agriculture income tax net. Provinces are also making arrangements for improved
agriculture income tax mechanism and Punjab has proposed unified rate and
mechanism for this tax.

Chairman was of the view that FBR has collected Rs 712 billion till December 15,
2011 and in the remaining period Rs 1240 billion would require to be collected
to meet the annual tax collection target of 1952 billion. He informed that Rs 50
billion would be added in total collection through administrative measures, Rs
21 billion from flood surcharge arrears, Rs 10 billion from court cases, Rs 27
billion from withholding tax recovery out of which 14 billion have already been
recovered from banks and telecommunication companies. Detection of wrong GST
input tax adjust claims have reached at Rs 32 billion and FBR has managed to
recover 12.2 billion last fiscal and Rs 1.2 billion this fiscal year. He also
informed that revenue leakages are being plugged with the help of revenue
advisory group's consultation.

Salman Siddique also informed that ECC in its last meeting has discussed the
demand for restoration of GST exemption on tractors. The demand is being raised
that the local manufacturers have decreased the production of tractors owing to
low demand because of GST. He informed that FBR has held meeting with tractor
manufacturers and they have negated this impression and said that ZTBL has
frozen the credit line for purchase of tractors that is the main reason behind
this as well as rumours of withdrawal of GST on tractors is also resulting in
lower sales of tractors. He said that in next ECC meeting decision would be
taken on this demand.

FBR Chief also informed that regime for five export oriented sectors is being
revamped and soon a new regime with standard 5 percent concessional rate would
be implemented and final consultation would held on the proposed regime on
December 23, where representative the commercial importers would also be invited
to remove their grievances.

The Chairman FBR also mentioned that major focus of FBR would be increasing
direct taxes collection as well as increase in domestic GST collection. In this
regard proper monitoring mechanism have been put in-place and this mechanism
would help track the due tax realization in remaining second half of the ongoing
fiscal year. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           September 28, 2012 Friday

Agriculture income tax harmonisation: provinces seek data from FBR to prepare
'position papers'

BYLINE:  SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 269

LENGTH: 851  words


Provinces except Khyber Pakhtunkhawa have considerably delayed submission of
'position papers' with solid recommendations to the Finance Division for
harmonisation of agriculture income tax at provincial level. Sources told
Business Recorder here on Thursday that issue of taxation is expected to be
discussed in an upcoming meeting of Provincial Finance Secretaries and the
Finance Division.

The recommendations of the provinces on harmonisation of agriculture income tax
policy would enable the Finance Division to convene the meeting of the committee
set up by the Council of Common Interests (CCI). This meeting has been delayed
inordinately, hence the provinces may indicate if they are willing to send
'position papers.' Sources said the Federal Board of Revenue has to provide the
requisite data to Balochistan, enabling provincial government to prepare the
paper on existing status of agri tax. Finance Division has also directed the FBR
to share the data with the remaining provinces.

Details revealed that according to Article 70 and Article 142 of the
Constitution read with entry No 47 of the Federal Legislative List (4th
Schedule), the subject of agriculture income tax falls under the purview of the
provincial governments. The National Finance Commission had made the following
recommendations in the NFC Award 2010: "The NEC recommended that the Federal
Government and Provincial Governments should streamline their tax collection
systems to reduce leakages and increase their, revenues though efforts to
improve taxation to achieve a 15 percent Tax-to-GDP ratio by 2014-15. Provinces
would initiate steps to effectively tax the agriculture and real estate sectors.
Federal Government and Provincial Governments may take necessary administrative
and legislative steps accordingly."

Accordingly, to facilitate the Provincial Governments, Finance Division took up
the issue of harmonisation of agriculture income tax policy in the provinces
with CCI in the past. The CCI considered the summary submitted by Finance
Division on "Harmonisation of Agriculture Income Tax Policy in the Provinces"
and decided to constitute a Committee, under the Chairmanship of the Minister
for Finance, to deliberate upon measures of rationalisation of Agriculture
Income Tax in their respective provinces after announcement of the federal
budget but prior to the announcement of provincial budgets.

Provincial Ministers for Finance and Agriculture shall be members of the
committee. It was decided further that the FBR shall share data with the
provinces to enable them to identify potential taxpayers."

Sources said the committee had decided that all the four provincial finance
secretaries will prepare position papers on the basis of information provided by
FBR and forward the same to Finance Division. Upon receipt of the information,
meeting of Provincial Finance and Agriculture Ministers under the chairmanship
of Federal Finance Minister would be convened by Finance Division.

Sources said that the 'Position Papers' from provinces is awaited. However, KP
has intimated that that province is adopting certain measures to increase the
AIT. In the letter, the provincial government further requested that FBR may
help the provincial government in capacity building of their staff. Balochistan
has intimated that the requisite data has not been provided by FBR for
preparation of 'Position Papers'.

Finance Division has received no response from other two provinces despite
repeated reminders. The FBR has again been requested to share the information
with Balochistan Province on top priority basis. Tax authorities have also been
requested to share the information provided to provinces with Finance Division.
Response from FBR is still awaited.

The government of KP in its letter has informed the Finance Division that a
notification has been issued to make it mandatory for owners and cultivators of
121/2 acres or more of cultivated irrigated land, 25 acres of cultivated
un-irrigated Land or mature orchard having net income more than 100,000 to self
assess their agriculture income and file agricultural income tax (AIT) returns.
As a result of aforesaid notification cultivators have also been brought into
the tax net and number of tax payers has increased from 112 to 4799, which is a
significant achievement.

Comprehensive instructions have been issued for various activities from crop
inspection, assessment of AIT, filing of return and issuing of tax demand, but
their implementation wilt take some time, sources said. Finance Division has
forwarded the letter of the KP to FBR for consideration of the request regarding
extending help in capacity building of the provincial staff.

Finance Division has further informed all Provincial Finance Secretaries that
besides the decision of the CCI, Federal Cabinet has also taken up the issue and
passed similar decision on the harmonisation of agriculture income tax. As such,
all stakeholders are urgently requested to take necessary action on their part
so that the decisions of CCI and Cabinet are implemented within a reasonable
timeframe, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 8, 1989 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Federal agriculture policy to hit incomes of farmers

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 379 words


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
 The Globe and Mail
   The federal government's drive to market-oriented agriculture will hit
farm pocketbooks this year and next, according to income figures released
by Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski.

The figures indicate that farm incomes across Canada will drop to
$4.33-billion in 1989 and to $2.63-billion in 1990, the lowest incomes in
years.

Statistics Canada figures show that farmers earned $4.8-billion in 1987
and $5.2-billion in 1988 despite droughts across much of the country and
low grain prices around the world.

These figures refer to 'realized net income,' an accounting term used
by the federal government that refers to gross farm revenue minus
operating expenses and depreciation. The figure does not include changes
in farm inventory.

In his statement late yesterday afternoon, Mr. Mazankowski blamed much
of the income decline on the change in government policy.

"A major reason for the expected decline is a sharp drop in projected
program payments," he said. "Payments expected in 1990 under existing
programs . . . would be well below the levels of recent years."

Nevertheless, he expects to pay out $1.7-billion in 1990, an amount he
referred to as "substantial."

Mr. Mazankowski warned that the income estimates could well change
because the world agricultural markets continue to be volatile.

A provincial breakdown shows a wide disparity between farm incomes
across the country.

In 1989, farmers in Prince Edward Island will more than double their
returns, while farmers in New Brunswick and Quebec will do slightly
better.

The improvements are balanced out, however, by a sharp drop in Nova
Scotia and the four western provinces. Ontario incomes will also fall by
about 8 per cent.

Farmers will suffer more in 1990, when average Canadian farm incomes
will fall by an estimated 39 per cent.

The worst-hit province will be Saskatchewan, where farmers are expected
to fall into a negative income situation - they will lose $9.4-million
over all because depreciation will exceed operating income.

Conditions will be a little better in the neighboring provinces, but
not much. Net income is expected to fall by 87 per cent in Manitoba and by
54 per cent in Alberta. In Central and Atlantic Canada, returns will
either remain flat or drop by 5 to 15 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 20, 1989



CORRECTION:    Agriculture Minister Donald Mazankowski did not directly make the

comments attributed to him in a Dec. 8 story on farm incomes.  The
statements were contained in an Agriculture Canada news release approved
by Mr. Mazankowski and released by his office.
(December 20, 1989.  B3)
   GEOGRAPHIC NAME:  Canada
      SUBJECT TERM:  agriculture; policy; finance; farms; incomes; statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Sindhi politicians united against MQM's demand to tax farm income

BYLINE:  Razzak Abro

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 150

LENGTH: 394  words


The political parties of Sindh, including the PPP, the PML-N and the PML-Q, are
united in their opposition to the MQM's demand that agriculture income should be
taxed.

The MQM, which has remained a staunch advocate of taxing the agriculture sector,
has strongly raised the issue with the government again. MQM leaders have
presented 9 recommendations to a team of the federal government as an
alternative to the reformed GST, and on the top of list is the imposition of tax
on farm income.

Politicians of Sindh belonging to various parties, majority of them
agriculturists, have remained opponents of taxing farm income. Although they
maintain political rivalries, they have a similar opinion on issues such as
agriculture income and construction of the Kalabagh Dam, probably out of mutual
interests.

PML-N leader Ghous Ali Shah told Pakistan Today that agricultural land owners
were already paying various taxes. "The issue should be examined with pros and
cons before taking a decision," he said.

PPP MPA from Thatta Mohammad Sadiq Memon said his party was against agricultural
income tax because it believes that the country had an agro-based economy, and
there were already huge indirect taxes on the sector.

"Increasing more taxes on this sector will discourage the people," he said,
adding that the agriculture input such as the cost of seeds, tractors and urea
was already costly for those affiliated with the profession and there were no
guaranteed savings.

PML-F MPA Dr Rafiq Banbhan had similar views. He said agriculturists were
already paying taxes on their income. He pointed out various agriculture taxes,
such as dhal, abyano, and sugar cess.

"MQM leaders are unaware of the agriculture sector and that is why they are
talking about imposing tax on the agriculture sector," he said. PML-Q MPA Abdul
Razaque Rahimoon called the MQM's demand unjustified and said the party's
leaders should examine the situation of the agriculture sector.

"There is no more feudalism in Sindh and there are only land owners, who are
already facing several problems," he said, adding that the government should
improve the existing taxation system instead of thinking about levying taxes on
agriculture produce.

PPP MPA and senior party leader Bachal Shah said MQM wanted to divert attention
from a genuine matter - one-time flood tax - by raising this non-issue at this
time.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             March 20, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture ministers to meet today in B.C.

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER (CP) -- World trade talks, bird flu and an income assistance plan for
farmers will be at the top of the agenda when agriculture ministers meet at a
B.C. resort today.

The politicians will be heading into the meeting against a backdrop of protests
by Ontario farmers, who took to the province's highways Friday to express their
frustration over a federal-provincial plan that financially supports farmers in
times of need.

"The farm income crisis is at the top of everybody's minds," Bob Friesen,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said from Glenboro, Man.

Friesen said cash-strapped farmers want the federal government to waive the
application fee for the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization Program, an
income-assistance plan.

"Canadian farmers are coming out of the worst three years in net income in 100
years and they're competing against U.S. farmers who are coming out of the best
three years when it comes to farm income," he said.

"We're telling agriculture ministers: 'Do something about it and do something
urgently. Make a bankable announcement very, very quickly because farmers are
wondering what they're going to do this summer."'

Friesen said he's expecting the Conservative government to deliver on its
pre-election promises to help financially hard-up farmers.

"They showed commitment to agriculture when they were in opposition and we have
no reason to think that they aren't currently totally committed to agriculture,
but that will require action and that's what we're looking for."

Pat Bell, B.C.'s agriculture minister, said the application fee is nominal and
that he doesn't have a big issue with seeing it waived.

Bell conceded some aspects of the assistance program established three years ago
don't work well but that its overall principles are fine.

"We need to simplify the paperwork and ensure that dollars are flowing in a more
timely fashion," he said.

While farmers in the rest of the country have taken a financial hit, B.C.
farmers are fairing well and don't need as much financial help, he said.

"British Columbia has the most profitable industry in Canada of the 10
provinces. We are in a fairly enviable state from that perspective and we want
to maintain and improve upon that position. So from my perspective effective
utilization of income stabilization is important."

Lisa Bishop-Spencer, spokeswoman for the Chicken Farmers of Canada, said
negotiations at the World Trade Organization in Geneva in April are top of mind
for poultry, egg and dairy producers concerned about tariffs and quotas.

"Our farmers are extremely concerned that this next round of negotiations is
going to really significantly impact their ability to produce the food that
Canadians want," she said.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Punjab government fails to tax agriculture income

BYLINE:  M RAFIQUE GORAYA

SECTION: Vol. XLVIII No. 163

LENGTH: 381  words


Though the Punjab government has presented a deficit budget for FY 2012-13, the
powerful agriculturists' lobbies and politicians have not allowed it to levy the
much-needed tax on agriculture income. The well-known and respected economists
had been calling upon the successive governments to tax agriculture income for
economic stability of the country since 2001 especially after shifting of Rs 340
billions yearly to the rural economy due to higher prices of commodities.

"The agriculture sector contributes 25 per cent to the Domestic Gross Product
(GDP), gives employment to 45 per cent population, but its share to tax revenue
is only one percent which justifies substantial increase in AIT, they argued.
They say that any move to impose agriculture income tax is severely opposed by
powerful political parties and they have frustrated all such moves to levy
income tax so far.

According to Secretary Finance Punjab, Tariq Bajwa, the target for the
collection of agriculture income tax for the next year has been further reduced
from Rs 927.189 million to Rs 720.522 million. Bajwa listed following reasons
for downward trend of AIT collection. (a) The rates of AIT have remained
unchanged since 2002-2003 (b) The mode of Agriculture Income Tax has not been
implemented (3) The base has remained static. In fact there has been decline in
the cultivated area liable to AIT. This has been caused due to division and
sub-division of land on account of inheritance/partition of land urbanisation.

Commenting on the state of the provincial economy, the Finance Secretary said
that Punjab continues to face disproportionately high load shedding of
electricity and gas during the current financial year which would create
operational problems for the existing industries and business in the province,
discourage new private investments and impede the process of new employment
generation.

According to findings of a study, cost of load shedding to the province in terms
of losses and higher costs of industrial production are as large as Rs 250
billion or ie 3 percent of GDP. Power shortage is also increasing unemployment
in the province. It is estimated that over 330,000 people in the province have
lost their jobs because of energy crisis resulting in an export loss of one
billion dollars.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Trade bodies budget proposals

LENGTH: 649  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, April 21 -- Senior tax managers and trade bodies on Monday advised the
Finance Ministry to withdraw tax exemptions on agriculture income and ensure
documentation of this sector to plug the revenue leakages, according to the
budget proposals.

According to our correspondent, they told that the agriculture sector is
contributing over 20 per cent of the GDP, but due to tax exemptions, revenue
collection from the sector is negligible.

Following several proposals regarding removal of exemptions to the agriculture
sector, the government has decided to levy 15 per cent Value-Added Tax,
replacing the general sales tax and the federal excise duty on agriculture
supplies.

The Value-Added Tax is scheduled to be implemented by July 1, subject to
Parliament's approval, according to the budget proposals.

Several tax managers and trade bodies have time and again put pressure on the
government to bring the agriculture sector into the tax net and to increase
revenue collection.

Revenue collection by provinces from the agriculture sector is not as per its
potential due to the lack of effective tax collecting machinery, said the chief
commissioner Inland Revenue, Multan.

It is suggested that the exemption provided to the agriculture sector under
Section 41 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 should be withdrawn so that it will
be brought under the tax net, which will help eliminate distortions in the
existing tax policy, said the commissioner.

In its proposals, Directorate General of Internal Audit, Lahore said, at
present, the agriculture sector, which heavily contributes to the GDP is out of
the tax net, therefore, necessary amendments should be made to bring the
agriculture income into the ambit of taxation.

To increase tax-to-GDP ratio, it is essential to bring all the sectors into the
tax net, said chief commissioner Inland Revenue, Audit Wing, Regional Tax Office
(RTO), Rawalpindi.

Currently, the agriculture and real estates enjoy tax exemptions, but the
government should start levying capital gains tax, said the RTO Rawalpindi.

In its proposals, the chief commissioner, Inland Revenue, Large Taxpayers Unit
(LTI), Karachi, pointed out that tax exemptions on the agriculture income
encouraged the unorganised sector to evade taxes.

"Whenever an investment is protected, then it is explained in the form of exempt
income on account of agriculture or foreign remittances. Till such an occasion
arises, the unorganised sector continues to grow outside tax net with the
intention that if any probe is made by the tax authorities, then it will be
explained from exempt income," said the chief commissioner LTU Karachi.

"Such exemptions, therefore, need to be withdrawn. Even if such exemptions
cannot be eliminated for constitutional reasons (like agricultural income), or
due to foreign exchange needs (like foreign remittances), then its declaration
may be made mandatory and Section 53(1 A) may be made applicable to all exempt
income, it added.

The government faces the biggest challenge of broadening the tax base, according
to the proposals submitted by the Lahore Chamber of Commerce and Industry
(LCCI).

Only two per cent of the total population is contributing towards the tax
collection, it said.

Submission of quarterly statements by the registrars and housing societies for
registration should be made mandatory.

Similarly, the condition should also be implied on the transfer of immovable
property, including industrial commercial, residential and agricultural, motor
vehicle registration authorities, clubs (private and public), credit card
issuing authorities, Central Depository Company and financial institutions,
distributing profit more than statutory taxable limited, according to the
proposals. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.
For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

KCCI suggests taxing agriculture sector equally

BYLINE: N.H.ZUBERI

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 98

LENGTH: 274  words


The Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry (KCCI) has suggested that the
agriculture sector should also be equally taxed like other sectors of the
economy in order to strengthen revenue collection. "Such an unnecessary
exemption to high agriculture incomes creates a distinct disequilibrium and a
sense of injustice, besides providing a safe haven for whitening money," the
chamber said.

It said that the imposition of an agricultural income tax on large and medium
farmers would significantly increase revenue collection, besides it would also
help reduce poverty in the country. The chamber said that agriculture related
activities contributed around 21 percent to GDP, while revenue collection from
agricultural income tax was less than one percent of the total collections.

"Leaving huge agricultural wealth untaxed while taxing salaried individuals,
entrepreneurs and businessmen is akin to breeding inequality and injustice at
the whims of a few influential individuals and entities," the chamber observed.
It said that to create a level playing field, every source of income must be
indiscriminately taxed, whether it be from agriculture or non-agriculture, as
exempting agriculture from taxation burdened the rest of the economy and caused
significant revenue loss for the government. The chamber was of the view that
enhanced agriculture taxation would make the provinces more self-sufficient and
reduce the burden on the federal government. The chamber asked the provincial
governments to realise the gravity of the matter and strengthen the existing
agriculture taxation laws and also ensure their implementation in letter and
spirit.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Financial Daily

                             June 29, 2013 Saturday

Agri tax may take Pakistan out of fiscal crisis

BYLINE:  Syed Zahid Hussain Bokhari

LENGTH: 675  words


It is my earnest and sincere wish that contents of my this short article, please
be read by distinguished persons who were elected in recent elections and now
hold commanding positions, along with the ability to get things done for the
betterment of Pakistan and all-out welfare of entire nation.

I request the honorable prime minister of Pakistan, respected Main Muhammad
Nawaz Shareef, Mohtararm Ishaq Dar, Finance Minister of Pakistan and the four
respected Chief Ministers of provinces of Pakistan, to endeavor all lawful and
sincere efforts and above all use their profound affection and deep devotion to
net agriculture into income tax, during the current financial year ending on
30th June 2014.

You all know, that agriculture includes business or practices of raising crops,
livestock, and farming, science of farming with regard to improving the amount
or quality of yield. Further it includes poultry, fish, silk worms etc. It has
always been the largest industry in the world.

Pakistan at the time of its inception was purely an agriculture country, and
perhaps there was not a single industrial unit as on 14th of August 1947.
Industrialization started though slowly but it never came up to the
international required standards of industrialization.

It has been due to our more and more dependence upon foreign countries, as we
never cope with the rapid industrial progress, and day-to-day scientific
inventions.

Furthermore our all governments put full burden of revenue (taxes) on
industries, professional and salaried people ,leaving the major income source "
agriculture" altogether for reasons known to specific people.

Agriculture has always been a largest and number one industry in Pakistan. Our
people were attached with agriculture over the many centuries and still are very
well experienced in it. Our land is best suited for crops and farming, it can be
increased for cultivation with ease.

Furthermore our beloved country possesses best canal irrigation system in the
world created by British Empire, before partition. Our majority of population
lives in rural areas because of their attachment with farming and more than 60
per cent are employed in agriculture.

State Bank of Pakistan estimated value of agriculture goods, including crops and
live stocks produced during the fiscal year ending 30th of June 2010 which was
more than 3 trillion of rupees, almost equal to total produce of all industrial
units in Pakistan.

One of our Finance Minister Shaukat Tareen (who was also my boss, while he was
president of Habib Bank Ltd, during the tenure of his ministership, he stated
more than once that he will bring agriculture into income tax net, in the coming
financial year. But perhaps he was not known of mighty hidden power and was
forced to resign.

Presidents of all Chambers of Commerce and industries having unanimously called
for levying income tax on agriculture income in broaden the tax net in the
country.

Any government which ignores large avenues to bring into governments income,
remains dependent upon loans and dole outs.

The tax burden must impartially be divided upon all avenues of income: this is
almost in practices throughout the world, but why it is not as such in Pakistan.

"Where there is income there must be income tax," It is not as such in our
country.

All please note the decision of Pakistan's economic order and that is "Unless
you bring agriculture into tax net, Pakistan`s economy will remain topsyturvy".

If our newly elected leader Honorable Nawaz Shareef, Mohtararm Ishaq Dar and
four Chief Ministers bring agriculture into income tax net during the current
financial year of Pakistan, their names will be written in golden words in the
history of Pakistan. And if Mian Muhammad Nawaz Shareef faces question of its
being provincial subject, you respected sir, may do it in the province of
Punjab.

I assure you Sir that Almighty Allah will not only bless you in this world but
you will be highly honored here after, because this act of yours will help
largely those people who are living below poverty level.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Financial Daily
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              May 27, 2014 Tuesday

Body constituted to streamline farm tax

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 146

LENGTH: 286  words


The Sindh government has formed a committee to work out amendments with the
consultation of grower organisations and other stakeholders to streamline the
agriculture tax and remove the impression that the agriculturists do not pay
income tax.

The committee, formed by Sindh Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah under the
chairmanship of parliamentary affairs minister Dr Sikander Mandhro, has been
given the task to prepare a draft to identify the lacunas in the law and prepare
a formula to ensure equal privilege of taxable slab, concessions, remission and
other facilities being provided to industrialists and traders.

The chief minister, who was presiding over a meeting at the CM House held to
review the income tax on agriculture, dispelled the impression that agriculture
was not being charged income tax, saying the agriculture sector was burned with
the Sindh law tax, agriculture income tax, water tax, drainage tax, local cess
tax and other indirect taxes on the inputs but neither it was being projected in
the media nor the revenue officers played their due role in that regard.

He said Sindh was an agriculture-based province as its whole economy and
livelihood of more than 80 per cent people depended on agriculture and as such
providing more facilities, modern cultivation methods and agricultural
implements to the growers also benefited the government, industrialists and
traders.

Earlier, Dr Mandhro briefing the meeting said though the taxable slab for
charging agriculture income tax had been revised in Punjab by raising the slab
from Rs80,000 to Rs400,000, in Sindh it was still Rs80,000, which was
unjustified. Similarly, he said, many other anomalies were in the system which
needed to be streamlined.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Money Life

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

How to double farmers' income in seven years

BYLINE: Moneylife Digital Team

LENGTH: 475  words


Doubling of farmers' incomes will require large-scale changes in the output that
India currently produces and how it goes about producing it. India will gain
massively by shifting focus to pulses and horticulture and by moving people out
of agriculture, says a report

Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday strongly defended his government's
ambitious promise to double farmers' income in five years that was doubted by
the opposition. He said the plan was possible if farmers start using novel
agricultural practices and value-add their products. However, this requires a
radical rethink of Indian agriculture, including a decisive break from the past
and move from cereals to pulses and horticulture, says a research report.



In the report, Kotak Institutional Equities Research says, "...doubling of
incomes will require large-scale changes in the output that India currently
produces and how it goes about producing it. India will gain massively by
shifting focus to pulses and horticulture for local consumption, export and
import-substitution and by moving people out of agriculture."

According to the research note, there are two ways for doubling agricultural
income, one increasing the actual income and two, making farming less
labour-intensive activity. It said, "There are two ways to think about the
Finance Minister's commitment to double the incomes of farmers by 2022. One is
to think about doubling the incomes such that (current and future) farmers make
2 times the incomes they make currently. The other is to make farming less
labour-intensive such that the farmers that remain get 2 times the income that
they currently make. India will need to pursue policies that embrace both these
dimensions. It is important to note that what will eventually matter are the
'real' increases in incomes. India recently had a disastrous run with
wide-spread inflation partly stemming from large nominal increases in food crop
prices."

The oft-quoted statistic of half of India's population contributing only a sixth
or less of its GDP highlights the poor state of affairs of farmers and
agriculture. The chart below shows that the average income of a household
associated with agriculture is half that of those in the services sector.

Indian agriculture continues to remain labour-intensive and accommodates many
disguised unemployed. India's output of about 500 million tons of cereals,
pulses and horticulture is less than half the output of the US grown over
similar 150 million hectare (ha) of cultivated area; also US has only around
three million farmers, compared to about 250 million people in India associated
with agriculture. New jobs, as the chart below shows, are all expected to be
created outside of agriculture. A move out of agriculture is required both by
the Indian agri-economy and its non-agri counterpart, the report says.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


      Copyright 2016 Moneywise Media Pvt Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Govt keen on boosting farmers' income: Nitish Kumar

SECTION: PATNA

LENGTH: 365 words


PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar on Saturday said the state government's agriculture
roadmap was an integrated work plan for all-inclusive development of agriculture
in Bihar and his government was committed to implementing the road map in its
true spirit.

Addressing a function after inaugurating work for the construction of the
proposed Combined Krishi Bhavan, 10 seed godowns and some other buildings of the
agriculture department through remote control at Mithapur agriculture farm here,
the CM said that progress in the agriculture sector would lead to increase in
the incomes of 76% population of the state directly or indirectly dependent on
agriculture and allied activities.

He said all those related to farming activities are farmers and in the centre of
the road map. The state government was working non-stop to increase the incomes
of all such farmers. "We always used to think how to increase the incomes of
farmers as this will enhance the growth rate of the state's gross domestic
product (GDP)," the CM said.

He said the Combined Krishi Bhavan was being constructed at a cost of Rs 105
crore. All field offices of the agriculture department currently located at 24
places in the state capital would be shifted to this building once it is
complete.

The CM also said that several other buildings would also come up in the Mithapur
farm area, which earlier used to remain waterlogged round the year. The present
interstate bus terminus would be shifted to some other place. The farm area
would be converted into a combined campus of educational institutions. Chanakya
Law University, Chandragupta Institute of Management and National Institute of
Fashion Technology had already been given land on the campus and their buildings
are coming up.

Presiding over the function, state agriculture minister Narendra Singh said
Bihar has made a quantum jump in agriculture sector in the last 6-7 years and
received Krishi Karman award for the last two years. He said the main focus of
agriculture road map was on increasing the income of farmers. Agriculture
adviser to CM Mangla Roy and principal secretary, agriculture, Vivek Kumar Singh
also addressed the function.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           October 3, 2012 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Agriculture vital for development

BYLINE: KONOPA KANA

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 433 words


Agriculture and Lifestock Minister Tommy Tomscoll dropped a bomb shell at the
Consultation Implementation and Monitoring Committee (CIMC) workshop on
Agriculture to give prominence to subsistence farmers in wealth creation to
harness monetary value in the agriculture sector.

Mr Tomscoll said the focus of the agriculture sector was to set up a strategic
framework for improving rural farmer's income by establishing an alternative
development pathway to improve productivity of those who were potentially
competitive with the agriculture sector but also generate opportunities outside
the sector.

"From what I am seeing, the agriculture sector must not be lured by the rapid
growth in the petroleum and mining sector but must be able to maintain the level
of productivity,'' Mr Tomscoll said.

"Petroleum and mining will be gone in the next 30 years and agriculture will
still be around therefore the sector must engage a sustainable long term
strategy of transforming performing smallholders into small medium enterprise
(SME) as an optimal part to higher long term income.''

Mr Tomcoll said the sector needed an agriculture policy instrument that was
appropriate for PNG in terms of enabling farmers and processors to attain their
development objective to accelerate business progress.

He said the O'Neill-Dion Government was faced with diverse objectives and
constraints so that the future in the agriculture sector was about seeking to
choose the development of the most appropriate instrument of policy. According
to Mr Tomscoll, market failures were widespread it was difficult to tackle them
directly because farmers had low income and had limited access to credit, inputs
subsidies which had been a problem that translated into having a poor household.
Mr Tomscoll said a strategic framework for strengthening rural incomes could be
best understood when distinction between short-term to medium-term issues of how
best to support farmer incomes, reduce poverty and tackle food security were
separated from long-term goals to promote economic development.

In his presentation, the Minister outlined the following proposed strategy that
includes:

* Making smallholders to be competitive;

* Promoting rural development strategy that do not focus exclusively on
agriculture development;

* Seek to create a more diversified rural economy; and

* Strengthening institution and board.

"I am currently rethinking options of a collective way forward with a similar
set up to the Independent Public Business Corporation (IPBC) arrangement so that
all our entities have a single line reporting and directional pathway"

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 22, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

The Advantage of Being Few;
How farmers and other vocal minorities get their way.

BYLINE: Milton Friedman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 1110 words


The farmers of the United States are up in arms. . . . The American farmer is
steadily losing ground. His burdens are heavier every year and his gains are
more meager; he is beginning to fear that he may be sinking into a servile
condition. He has waited long for the redress of his grievances; he purposes to
wait no more. . . . The business of farming has become extremely unprofitable.
With the hardest work and with the sharpest economy, the average farmer is
unable to make both ends meet; every year closes with debt, and the mortgage
grows till it devours the land.

Sounds like last night's TV news? Far from it. That was written in 1890, when
nearly 10 million persons, or about one-sixth of the total population, were
employed in agriculture and when agriculture was contributing nearly one-fifth
of the total national income. Currently, about 3 million persons are employed in
agriculture, or only 1.3 percent of a population that is four times as large as
it was in 1890. That 1.3 percent of the population is contributing about 2
percent of national income. So however you figure it, in terms of numbers of
persons or in terms of output, agriculture is far smaller today relative to the
economy as a whole than it was in 1890.

One thing, however, is drastically larger: the role that government plays in
agriculture. In 1890, the federal government as a whole spent an amount equal to
less than 3 percent of the national income, and the Department of Agriculture
spent a total of $ 1,612,796.12 or only a bit over one-one-hundredth of 1
percent of the national income. That is less in dollars -- though not in
purchasing power, thanks to inflation -- than the amount the department
currently pays as subsidies to some individual farmers! In 1986, the federal
government spent an amount equal to about 30 percent of the national income. The
Department of Agriculture alone spent an amount equal to more than 1.5 percent
of the national income -- or more than 100 times as large a fraction of the
national income as in 1890 on a working force in agriculture that was only
one-tenth as large a fraction of the population.

In 1890, the major demand of the farmers was not for price supports or
subsidies, but for ''free silver'' -- i.e., the replacement of the reigning gold
standard by a silver standard, in the entirely correct belief that the result
would be inflation and a higher dollar price for farm products. Direct
government spending on behalf of farmers was trivial and remained so for
decades. And the farmers did not even succeed in electing William Jennings Bryan
to the presidency in 1896 on a free silver platform, though they did come close.

The sharp decline in the relative size of agriculture in the near-century since
1890 has clearly been accompanied by an increase rather than a decrease in its
political clout. And what is true of the United States is true around the world.
Almost without exception, wherever a majority of the population is engaged in
agriculture -- as in most poor countries in the world -- farmers are taxed to
subsidize the urban minority. By contrast, wherever only a small minority of the
population is engaged in agriculture -- as in most highly developed countries --
the urban majority is taxed to subsidize farmers.

The reason is straightforward. A group that seeks benefits through political
pressure is handicapped by being too numerous and, at least up to a point,
benefited by being few. Government can spend a dollar per member of a majority
only by collecting more than a dollar from each member of the minority, each of
whom will therefore squeal louder than each of the majority will applaud. On the
other hand, government can spend a dollar per member of a small minority by
collecting only a few cents from each member of a large majority -- the applause
is then far louder than the squeal.

Agriculture not only provides a striking example of this universal political
law, but also suggests that the optimum political coalition may be very small
indeed. Over the past three decades, agricultural employment has declined from
nearly 6 percent of the adult population to less than 2 percent. At the same
time, spending by the Department of Agriculture per person employed in
agriculture has multiplied nearly tenfold, from less than $ 2,000 to nearly $
18,000. Political clout indeed.

I hasten to add that the net benefit to farmers is far less than the amount
spent by government. Most of that $ 18,000 goes to pay for storing the so-called
surpluses acquired by the government, for the cost of the extra seed, fertilizer
and machinery that farmers use to produce the crops whose prices the government
supports, and for the immense bureaucracy required to administer the program.
Net farm income per person employed in agriculture, corrected for inflation, has
either fallen or risen only a trifle since 1954. In fact, the Department of
Agriculture spent almost twice as much in 1986 as the total amount that all
farmers received in net farm income.

To add insult to injury, the cost to the taxpayer is even higher than government
spending. Farm programs are designed to improve the income of farmers by raising
prices to consumers. The programs may not improve the income of farmers, but
they certainly raise prices to consumers.

To take a few conspicuous examples: the price in the United States of a pound of
sugar is more than five times the world price; the price of a quart of fluid
milk is probably more than twice as high as it would be without the government
programs. With one hand, the government provides subsidies to indigent mothers
to enable them to buy milk for their children; with the other, it doubles the
price of the milk. Make sense of that if you can.

Agriculture is far from unique. The present pressure for restraints on foreign
trade are an equally striking case: small, highly vocal minorities in the
automobile, iron and steel, and textile industries, to mention only three, have
succeeded in the past, and are now poised to succeed again, in foisting burdens
on several hundred million consumers that, while small for each consumer
separately, total far more than any net benefit to the minorities with the
political clout. We pride ourselves on being ruled by a majority, yet the
majority repeatedly accedes to being fleeced by special interest minorities. In
the main, we become active politically only on behalf of our own special
interest. Resolving that dilemma is the major political problem we face in
preserving our freedom.


The writer, winner of the Nobel Prize in economics, is a senior research fellow
at the Hoover Institution.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, (FARM IN INDUSTRIAL SETTING), TIMENEES

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Income surge behind farm tax proposal was data entry error

BYLINE: anil sasi

LENGTH: 846  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


The basis for a sharp surge reported by tax assessing officers in the number of
cases with Rs 1 crore-plus agricultural income over the last nine years,
something that led to a pointed suggestion by tax officers on partially taxing
farm income, has been traced to 'data entry errors' that erroneously
extrapolated farmer incomes over 300 times the actual.

This was detected after 2,517 cases from a list of 2,746, involving agricultural
income above Rs 1 crore reported in Income Tax returns for the period spanning
assessment years 2007-08 and 2015-16, were subjected to verification by field
authorities.

Of these, it was found that in 838 cases where verification was completed by
late 2016, the corrected agriculture income, after verification and confirmation
by assessing officers, actually totalled Rs 1,395 crore as against an
agriculture income of Rs 4,31,617 crore entered by assessing officers or
taxpayers in I-T returns. Another 324 cases showed data entry errors in
agriculture income or misclassification of income.

In June last year, at the Rajasva Gyan Sangam, two-day conference of tax
administrators, a pointed suggestion was made by tax officers to the Prime
MInister on the need to target farmers with non-agricultural income above a
certain threshold, an idea that was pitched as a low-hanging fruit that could
potentially bolster ongoing efforts to widen the country's taxpayer base.

Subsequently, though, the Income Tax department, in a response submitted to the
Standing Committee on Finance, admitted to huge agriculture incomes in ITRs
primarily on account of data entry errors. This comes after attempts to verify
the genuineness of the agricultural income reported by the taxpayers for the
period AY 2007-08 to AY 2015-16, wherein a total of 2,517 unique PAN-AY cases
were subjected to verification by field authorities.

Verification in 838 cases were completed subsequently. Based on replies received
from field authorities, the discrepancy between figures of agriculture income as
per ITRs vis-a-vis figures reported by assessing officers can be categorised
under two broad heads - those involving data entry errors committed largely
while punching data related to agricultural income in the system, and
misclassification of income in a few cases where the taxpayer wrongly claimed
certain income as agriculture income and claimed exemption.

These apart, there were some cases where non-genuine income was shown as
agriculture income, while in a handful of cases, it was seen that there was no
variation in the agriculture income reported by the taxpayer in the return of
income and the income confirmed by the assessing officer.

The summary of the analysis based on reports from field authorities received
until May 24, 2016, out of the 838 cases where verification was completed, the
corrected agriculture income totalled Rs 1,394.95 crore as against the
agriculture income of Rs 4,31,617.39 crore entered by the assessing officers or
taxpayers in the return of income in these cases.

A tax department official said that during the review of the data entries, it
was found that a taxpayer from Jharkhand, who was exempt under the agricultural
category, had overstated his overall income. The entry was treated as an outlier
and removed from the revised compilation of agricultural income assessees.

Another official said that wherever a discrepancy had been noticed by the
assessing officer, corrective measures like rectification order under Section
154 of the Income Tax Act were being passed and in some cases, assessing
officers had reported that reopening of assessment was under consideration or
had already been reopened by issuing notice under Section 148.

The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) had been looking closely at
agricultural income claims of over Rs 1 crore by assessees in their tax returns
in view of a public interest litigation (PIL) filed by a retired Income Tax
official last year in the Patna High Court, which had raised concerns about
agricultural income being used as the route for unaccounted money.

A tax department official involved in the legislative exercise said the
department had admitted to data entry errors in court in line with the response
to the Standing Committee on Finance. The official did not give further details
since the case remained sub-judice.

There are about 25 crore taxpaying households in India, of which 15 crore
households are designated as agriculturalists and the remaining 10 crore are
non-agriculturalists, according to estimates produced at the Rajasva Gyan Sangam
last year.

At present, agricultural income is used just for the determination of the tax
rate while computing tax liability for an individual if the net agricultural
income exceeds Rs 5,000 and total income, excluding net agricultural income,
exceeds Rs 2.5 lakh in a year. The tax on agricultural income is, however, later
deducted from the total tax to be paid by the individual as agricultural income
is exempt from tax.

Any decision to tax agricultural income by the Centre will require an amendment
to the Constitution.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

ICCI for bringing agriculture income into tax net in next budget

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 124

LENGTH: 345  words


Sheikh Pervez Ahmed, Acting President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and
Industry has called upon the government to bring agricultural sector into the
tax net in the forthcoming budget as this sector was contributing over one-fifth
to the domestic output but was generating less than 0.1% of the total tax
revenue due to which country's revenue and fiscal deficits were on the rise and
Pakistan's tax revenue collection was one of the lowest in the region.

He said agriculture sector was playing a major role in generating business  and
economic activities and providing jobs to majority of rural population, but was
paying negligible amount to the tax revenue which was not justified. He said
after the 18th constitutional amendment, agriculture sector was devolved to the
provinces and provincial governments were expected to take strong measures to
bring agriculture income into the tax net.

However, the unwillingness of the provinces to tax agriculture income has made
the country dependent on foreign borrowings which would jeopardize the future of
our coming generations. He said the current government enjoyed two third
majority in the parliament and was in a good position to enact laws to bring
agriculture income into the tax net.

Sheikh Pervez Ahmed said that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country. He said instead
of generating more revenue for the country, the prevailing tax system was
stifling the economic growth, promoting inefficiency and widening the gap
between the rich and the poor.

He stressed that government should focus on developing a fair and equitable tax
system that should collect tax from every taxable income. He said government
should also simplify the current complex tax system, lower tax rates and levy
tax on agriculture income that would help in generating trillions of rupees as
tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

MPs not paying agri tax since 2000-01: Shahid

LENGTH: 457  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Sept. 25 -- The parliamentarians, who are deriving a substantial income
from agriculture, have not been paying taxes since 2000-01 when the tax was
converted from land-based to income-based, said Shahid Jami, solicitor of the
Supreme Court of England and Wales on Friday.

Addressing a press conference at the Lahore Press Club, Jami said the total
collection by all the provinces in 2009-10 was only Rs 2 billion against the
actual potential of Rs 200 billion as the share of agriculture in GDP was about
22 percent.

After the recent floods, he said, the government was contemplating to levy
further taxes to increase the resources for restoration of flood affected areas,
but the common man would bear the brunt of this taxation. "An unholy anti-people
alliance of the trio - influential civil-military bureaucrats, corrupt and
inefficient politicians and greedy businessmen - who control and enjoy at least
90 percent state resources contribute less than five percent in the national
revenue collection," he said.

Jami said there was a general misconception that agriculture income was exempted
from income tax. "That is incorrect as taxation of the agricultural income is
the sole prerogative of provincial governments under the 1973 constitution,
which debars the federal government from levying tax on the agriculture income,"
he said. He said all the four provinces had enacted agricultural income tax laws
and the agriculture income tax had been made income-based instead of the earlier
mode of land based from 2000-01.

None of the provincial governments was collecting the agricultural income tax,
he said, adding that the big landlords mostly sitting in the assemblies were
voluntarily paying taxes by filing their agriculture income tax returns. "It is
still being collected as the land-based tax instead of the income-based," he
said.

"Only Jahangir Khan Tareen, an MNA from Rahim Yar Khan, has paid income-based
agriculture tax and his voluntary payment of Rs 8.1 million is an indication of
the revenue potential of this levy," he said.

"Former military dictator Ziaul Haq never filed income tax return in his
lifetime. On a notice from the department his legal heir filed the tax returns
from assessment years 1977-78 to 1988-89 declaring salary income only. Whereas,
separate returns were filed voluntarily by Shafiqa Zia, showing rental income
from two properties," he said.

Income tax return of US President Obama was officially available on the Internet
whereas income tax affairs were treated as confidential in Pakistan, he said.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Take a resolution to make farming prosper: Minister

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: Bhopal


Bhopal, Nov. 21 -- Farmer Welfare and Agriculture Development Minister
Gaurishankar Bisen has told the newly-appointed officers of the agriculture
department that they should take a resolution to make farming prosperous by
becoming farmers' friend and help double their income. Bisen was addressing the
valedictory function of a two-month training of newly-appointed assistant
directors at the agriculture extension and training institute.

Bisen said that agriculture sector in Madhya Pradesh has witnessed prosperity in
last 11 years. Conditions of farmers have improved. Doing farming has become
easy. He said, the state received Krishi Karman Awards consecutively in recent
years and Agriculture Leadership Award recently. Agriculture growth rate of the
state is 20 percent. The state's GDP is 10.5 percent and agriculture
contribution is five percent in it which is around half. He said Madhya Pradesh
is the first State in the country having half of contribution by agriculture
sector in GDP. It has become possible because of tireless efforts of Chief
Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Possibilities of agriculture development are
more to be tapped into. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has given a new target - to
double income of farmers by the year 2022. Bisen said efforts have started in
this direction in the state after the prime minister's announcement. Madhya
Pradesh is the first state which has prepared a roadmap to double farmers'
income in next five years.

Bisen said responsibility has increased after achievements in agriculture sector
and resolution to double farmers' income. He said officers should start working
to provide benefits of farmer welfare schemes with doubling their income. He
said, new officers should be part of the department which has its important role
in progress of the state and the country. They should work as team with this
feeling of responsibility. It yields better and fast results. He said public
representatives should be respected. He said new technology has come in
agriculture sector and farmers should be encouraged to use it. Farmers should be
advised to change crop cycle. Farmers should be guided which crop should be sown
in lesser cost.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

MOONLIGHT ON THE FARM

SECTION: Section 3; Page 22, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 322 words


By almost any measure, these are tough times for farmers. Estimates of net farm
income last year and in 1981 were recently revised downward by the Agriculture
Department. On a per-farm basis, the new statistics show the purchasing power of
ne t f arm income in 1980 was 40 percent below the annual average for the 1
970's. However, while economists acknowledge conditions are far fro m healthy,
they say those farm income statistics do not tell the whole story.

To augment income, more and more farm families are finding work elsewhere. As a
result, off-farm income has come to represent the lion's share of total farm
income since the mid-1970's. The Agriculture D epartment now estimates that last
year net farm income reached $19.9 billion . By contrast, off-farm income was
$36 billion.After account ing for inflation, Gary L. Benjamin, an economist at
the Federal R eserve Bank of Chicago, says that off-farm income has risen 5.7
per cent since 1977, to $6,000 per farm last year.

But Mr. Benjamin does not expect off-farm incomes to increase much this year.
Although the Agriculture Department currently expects net farm income to rise
nearly 11 percent in nominal terms this year, to $22 billion, Mr. Benjamin says
that he expects inflation to whittle away most of the increase.

Off-farm income is particularly important to smaller farmers. ''As a general
rule, the smaller the farm, the more dependent the family is on off-farm income,
'' said Ludwin Speer, an economist at the Agriculture Department. Of the
estimated 2.4 million farms in operation last year, 63 percent had sales of less
than $20,000, he said.

''There is no way farms can make it with a gross of less than $20,000,'' Mr.
Speer said. ''They need off-farm income in order to survive.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 10, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Farm income boosted by work at other jobs

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 257 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG


   WINNIPEG (CP) - Despite their recent financial woes, North American farm
families are no longer the poor country cousins they once were.

Studies in both Canada and the U.S. suggest farm families have made major gains
in boosting their incomes in recent years, often by taking on other jobs off the
farm.

"Back in the late '60s and early '70s, family farm income was 70 to 80 per cent
of what the average Canadian family earned," said Wayne Jones, an Agriculture
Canada expert on farm income and finances.

"Now the average income for farm families is about the same as for families in
cities."

A new study by the U.S. Department of Agriculture says the same trend holds true
south of the border.

The report in the September issue of Agricultural Outlook magazine says U.S.
farm poverty rates today are low by historical standards and represent a small
part of the U.S. poverty population.

"This challenges the popular view that farm commodity programs now assist a
relatively disadvantaged group," the report said.

The studies could have a major influence on politicians in both countries who
have been searching for ways to cut back on farm subsidies as part of the battle
to bring government spending under control.

But the studies suggest the relative rise in farm family income has little to do
with what a farmer earns on a bushel of wheat or litre of milk.

In many cases, income from the farm is less than the family's income from other
jobs.Canada; United; States; agriculture; income; statistics

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                January 10, 2003

Farm leaders can raise concerns and prepare for challenges in social partnership
process
The Minister for Agriculture, Joe Walsh, writes that it is the job of himself
and the farm leaders to help prepare and position the farming industry to adapt
to the changing circumstances

SECTION: CITY EDITION; OPINION AND ANALYSIS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1129 words


The year 2002 was a disappointing year for farm incomes and a difficult year for
farmers. There is no dispute about that. Neither is there any dispute about the
fact that people engaged in agriculture, as in any other sector, are entitled to
a decent standard of living. This is at the very core of Government policy on
agriculture.

There have been strong arguments about the level of farm income. There are,
however, a number of points, which I would like to make without getting bogged
down in the detail of a complex statistical debate.

Working on simple averages can be misleading. Aggregate farm income is measured
across a range of different situations, some farmers working full-time, some
working almost full-time to some on a very part-time basis. If comparisons with
other employments are to be made, they should be made on a like-for-like basis.
I think the fairest comparison that can be made is that between the income from
full-time farming, which is E31,000, and the average industrial wage which is
E25,000.

Direct payments make a very large contribution to farm incomes (70 per cent).
Without this support many would not be able to continue in farming. I believe,
for many reasons, this level of taxpayer support is fully justified.

Production costs affect disposable incomes and there are wide variations in
production costs on Irish farms. There is clearly an issue to be addressed in
the context of competitiveness. The message is simple: the more competitive we
are, the better farm incomes will be, whatever the level of EU and Government
support.

Agriculture, in both practical and policy terms, has become much more complex.
The external environment within which it operates is subject to rapid change.
This phenomenon is not unique to agriculture, it applies to virtually every walk
of life. The trend towards part-time farming has been criticised, and while we
might wish for things to stay as they were, the reality is that within the EU
framework within which we now operate, without the alternative employment many
families would not be living in rural Ireland. This is not unique to Ireland, as
it applies to all economies. Again, a valid comparison can be made with a young
married couple living in a town or city, where both partners are working in
order to pay the mortgage.

Agriculture is central to economic and social life in this country. The Common
Agricultural Policy has had a large and positive impact on Irish farming. Apart
from the support and market opportunities which it has provided, it has
encapsulated the vision of agriculture which the Government, the farming sector
and society in general share very strongly.

This is centred on sustainable family farming, which protects the rural
environment and provides safe food. This is the basis on which the sector merits
such strong public support from the European taxpayer.

The CAP has been subject to on-going reform and further change is on the
horizon. The negotiations of past reforms have been very beneficial. Currently
there are two major proposals on the table - the Mid-Term Review and the WTO
(World Trade Organisation) Round. By their nature, these will have profound
effects on the future shape of farming in Ireland and Europe.

The main elements of the Mid- Term Review centre on the concepts of decoupling
(the transfer of payments from product/animals to land), modulation (a reduction
of a proportion of direct payments for use elsewhere) and strengthened rural
development. It is my strongly held view that direct support to farmers is the
best way of ensuring a vibrant rural economy.

The WTO discussions are focused on market access, domestic supports and export
support. Both sets of negotiations are inter-connected, and while it is
difficult to be precise as to when they will conclude, it is clear that we are
entering into a period of intense negotiating activity in the months ahead.

My negotiating position will be based on protecting the gains of Agenda 2000,
ensuring the best possible on-going level of support for Irish agriculture,
protecting our production base, especially in the livestock and dairy areas, and
ensuring that the European multi-functional model of agriculture is respected.

There are those in a WTO context who feel that support for agriculture should be
abolished, or at least drastically reduced. There are some who would sacrifice
agriculture interests for gains elsewhere and some who blame the CAP
(over-simplistically, I suggest) for Third World hunger. Ireland is fully
committed to the relief of world hunger and allowing access by underdeveloped
countries to EU markets. However, I am also conscious of the need to protect our
interests and I can assure farmers and the industry in general of the
Government's, and my own, full commitment.

Against such a changing background, what is our vision for agriculture? It is
one where the sector remains our major indigenous industry, which is competitive
and sustainable and which provides good safe food from a clean environment.
Those involved in the industry must earn a decent income. It is also important
that the different elements of policy are coherent and that the sector
understands what society expects from it.

The events of this week have highlighted the role of agriculture - that they
have provided the basis for a vigorous debate is positive. I commend the fact
that the events have been orderly and well-marshalled. One point has been
forgotten this week: primary agriculture is an economic activity. Trends on
world markets will have a major bearing on incomes, when world prices are good,
farm incomes are good.

Where do we go from here? In my experience as Minister, there has always been a
range of issues and challenges to be addressed at any given time.

In an international context we must and will negotiate with our usual sense of
focus, determination, and unity of purpose.

As well as negotiating, it is my job and that of the farm leaders to help
prepare and position the industry to adapt to the changing circumstances. In
many ways this is the most profound challenge for the period ahead.

On the domestic front there are clearly issues and concerns. The farm
organisations are no strangers to the negotiating table. They visit my
Department on virtually a daily basis on one issue or another and this
relationship will continue.

They have also been valued and effective partners in the social partnership
process and I believe strongly that they have benefited from the partnership
process. Therefore there are fora to which they can bring their current issues
and concerns. This has been the way of doing business in the past and there is
no reason why this should not be the case for the future.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Moving forward: Sindh forms committee to streamline agriculture tax

LENGTH: 270  words


Sindh Chief Minister Qaim Ali Shah has formed a committee that would prepare a
draft for an amendment in law to streamline agriculture tax.

The committee, headed by Sindh Minister for Parliamentary Affairs Dr Sikandar
Mendhro, will consult grower organisations and other stakeholders. Shah has also
directed the committee to submit the proposed draft in the Sindh Assembly.

The chief minister ruled out the impression that the agriculture sector was not
being charged with income tax, adding that there were many taxes including
agriculture income tax which were already imposed and charged but not being
considered by the media.

Shah was of the view that not only agriculture income tax, but water tax,
drainage tax, local cess and other indirect taxes are also being collected. He,
however, blamed revenue officers for not playing their role.

Shah asked Mendhro to identify the lacuna in law and prepare a formula draft
paper on agriculture income tax to ensure equal privilege of taxable slab,
concessions, remission and other facilities which are being provided to
industrialists and traders.

"Sindh is an agro-based province," he stated. "Its entire economy and livelihood
of more than 80% people depends upon agriculture."

He said the Sindh government is keen on assisting the agriculture sector by
providing more facilities, modern cultivation methodologies and agricultural
implements the growers. "This will also to benefit the government,
industrialists and traders."

Published in The Express Tribune, May 27th, 2014.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          January 15, 1997, Wednesday

Smaller US farms in jeopardy

BYLINE: BY HOWARD SIMON

SECTION: Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 517 words


With U.S. farm land values rising again this year and income produced from these
lands falling, agricultural experts predict further liquidation of the small
American farm.

The genre of U.S. agricultural producer is being torn between continuing a
family farming tradition or selling out to capitalize on high land prices.
Others, however, are being forced out by sliding farm income and rising costs of
production that include seed, fertilizer and fuel. Currently, about 60 percent
of U.S. farmland is in the hands of producers with less than $50,000 in annual
income.

Studies by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and private analysts on the state
of the American farmer predict a rise in farm land values by 5 percent to 10
percent in 1997 _ greater than many commercial real estate values _ while farm
income is expected to decline.

If the trend continues, the number of these small farms could shrink by 20
percent to 30 percent before the close of the century, some analysts predict.
""Farmers are likely to sell out and take profits on that land,'' said David
Westenbarger, an economist at USDA's Economic Research Service. The USDA
estimates the number of farmers in the United States at around 30 million. A 7
percent increase in the per-acre value of U.S. farm real estate (land and
buildings) during 1995 was the strongest of nine consecutive yearly gains since
1987 when the upturn in real estate values began, the ERS economist said.

But the increase in property values did little to put more money in the pockets
of U.S. farmers, USDA officials argue. With the exception of the $52 billion
record agriculture sales by farmers in 1996, new farm income has been declining
this decade, the USDA said in a year-end roundup of U.S. agriculture. Between
1990 and 1995, U.S. farm income averaged $43 billion a year.

""Unless they were liquidating land, farmers' incomes will continue to fall
behind the previous two years to $40 billion in 1997,'' said economist Mitch
Morehart.

Several states in the Great Lakes, Corn Belt of Kansas and Nebraska,
Appalachian, and Western regions recorded double-digit increases in farm real
estate values. All states showed increases except New York and Oklahoma, which
had been rising quicker than the national average .

Furthermore, the USDA warned that contracting farm income poses a significant
risk to the U.S. economy, which relies on a steady stream of income from
agricultural products for domestic and international trade.

""If small farm operations fail, larger, well-heeled agribusiness companies are
ready to take over,'' said Tom Earley, partner in the Alexandria, Va.,
consulting firm of Abel, Daft & Earley. The risk is that a shrinking farm
community will cut off competition and push prices higher for consumers, he
said.

Meanwhile, lower crop cash receipts (prices received by farmers) will affect
most farm business profits. Perhaps the largest decrease will occur on farms
that specialize in grain crops where the decline will be largely due to lower
receipts rather than higher expenses, Mr. Earley said.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

All rich landlords should be taxed: Business Recorder survey

BYLINE:  ASMA RAZAQ

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 67

LENGTH: 1211  words


The clamour for taxing the income of the rich landlords is gathering momentum
with not only multilaterals and bilaterals but also the people of this country,
a survey carried out by Business Recorder revealed. Given the rising budget
deficit attributed to the continued failure of the government to raise the tax
to GDP ratio all eyes are focused on taxing the income of the rich landlords
with a high degree of representation in the country's national and provincial
assemblies.

The federal government has consistently maintained that farm tax is a provincial
subject and it is powerless to impose a tax on the income of farmers. Economic
analysts marvel at the fact that the parliament agreed on the eighteenth
constitutional amendment but, with the exception of MQM, no other party
supported a tax on farm income.

Under the Presidential Order No 5 issued by the Ministry of Law and Justice on
the 7th National Finance Commission Award, the NFC recommended that federal and
provincial governments should streamline their tax collection systems by
reducing leakages and increase their revenues through efforts to improve their
taxation in order to achieve 15 percent tax-to-GDP ratio by 2014-15. Provinces
would initiate steps to effectively tax the agriculture and real estate sectors.
Federal government and provincial governments may take necessary administrative
and legislative steps accordingly, it stated.

At present, taxation of agricultural sector is a provincial subject under the
Constitution. The loopholes and irregularities in the provincial tax collection
system cause annual revenue loss to the tune of billions of rupees. In the
absence of foolproof tax collection mechanism, the provincial governments have
failed to generate any significant amount from the farm sector. Against the
estimated potential of Rs 18-20 billion from this sector, the actual collection
stood at nearly Rs 4-5 billion per annum, sources said.

The provincial governments had introduced Land Revenue Act in 2000 to tax
agricultural income through a verification of growers` income but had done
nothing to collect it. Under the Act, an income of Rs 80,000 per crop is
exempted from the tax. Five per cent tax is applicable on an income of Rs
100,000, 10 percent on income of up to Rs 200,000 and 15 percent on all
agricultural incomes exceeding Rs 200,000. However, the provinces have not made
any efforts to get the benefits of the Land Revenue Act of 2000.

The federal government has finally asked the provinces to introduce an effective
system of taxing agricultural income, real estate and wealth to honour their
commitments made in the 7th NFC award and explore new avenues for taxation.

When contacted, Ibrahim Mughal, Chairman Agri-forum said, "The farmers are
already paying billions of rupees as farm tax in the land mode but it is the
need of the hour to check loopholes, irregularities and embezzlement in the
provincial agriculture tax collection. The revenue generated from this sector
should be exclusively used for the development of the agriculture sector. The
money should not be used for making up the loss of Karachi Electric Supply
Company (KESC) or that of the steel mill".

He added, "We, the farmers, don't want any subsidy on electricity, DAP or urea.
We just want that our agricultural produce be sold at the local market at the
same price as in the international market. The price of wheat in international
market has reached $360 per ton while the price of the same commodity during the
corresponding period last year was $207 per ton.

Whereas the wheat support price fixed by the government is just Rs 950 per 40
kg. So, if we compare the price of the commodity at the local market with its
rate in international market, it can be easily seen that the local farmer is
suffering low profits while the price of inputs like fertilisers, DAP and urea
sky-rocketed during the crop sowing season".

Analysts argue that the federal government must consider amending the
Constitution to declare farm income a federal subject and collect the levy under
income tax mode with the objective of introducing a transparent tax collection
system for the agriculture sector at a national level.

An industrialist told this scribe that the industrial sector of Pakistan has
been proposing the imposition of the agricultural income tax for a long while.
"The industrial sector of Pakistan is paying huge amount of direct taxes whereas
the big landlords are paying nothing at the provincial level. Farmers, who are
paying meager amounts as taxes, should be compelled to pay income tax, sales tax
and excise duty".

Another official suggested that the federal government be given powers to
collect the agricultural income tax, as presently applicable in collection of
sales tax on services. The Board must workout the revenue impact in case the tax
authorities are empowered to collect provincial agriculture income tax in the
provinces on the basis of income from sale of agri-produce. The collection of
agri-income tax on the basis of income earned from sale of agri-produce in the
provinces would enable the government to generate handsome amount of funds in
each province as compared to the marginal collection from this head.

All the provinces i.e. Sindh, Punjab, KP and Balochistan are collecting this
provincial tax on the basis of land owned by the farmers. However, if the FBR is
empowered to collect this tax on behalf of the provinces then there is a
possibility that this tax may be collected on income earned through sale of
agriculture produce.

There is difference between collections of tax on income basis as compared to
the land basis formula. For example, the levy of provincial income tax is the
same for orchard producing fruit once in a year and the other orchard producing
seasonal fruits many times in one year. There is undue benefit to certain
persons and simultaneously loss for others depending on the type of land. On the
other hand, the mode of collection on the basis of income would definitely
improve revenue collection from this head.

Keeping in view the importance of the agriculture for sustenance of the economy,
the taxation on agriculture sector has always been negligible. This is the
reason that the share of federal tax collection from agriculture sector has been
only 0.12% of GDP in 2003-2004. This low share indicates that effectively the
entire value-added chain in the agriculture sector is nearly tax-exempt.

Another tax official opined that the case for agricultural income tax follows
from low contributions of agriculture to government tax revenue. It is argued
that although agriculture's share in national income exceeds 23 percent, revenue
raised from the sector is negligible. With limited tax potential of many
subsistence farmers, the land revenue system needs to be replaced by
agricultural income tax for any significant increase in revenues from this
sector.

It is further argued that since the discrimination against agriculture in the
form of low prices has ended or diminished in recent years, there exists a large
untaxed potential which can be tapped by taxing this sector. The progressive
rate structure of agricultural income tax permits heavier taxation of those with
sufficient ability to pay and exemptions for the poor.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Move to bring farm sector under tax net

BYLINE:  Muzaffar Qureshi

SECTION: Vol. LXVIII No. 49

LENGTH: 459  words


The Sindh government has initiated a move to bring farm sector in the tax net
under Income Tax Ordinance 2001.

The proposal to introduce a tax assessment scheme in the agriculture sector was
discussed at a meeting held last week under the chair of senior minister Nisar
Khurho.

It was also attended by Law Minister Sikander Mendro, President, Sindh Abadgar
Board, Majeed Nizamani, and President, Sindh Chamber of Agriculture, Dr Nadeem
Qamar.

The growers' representatives pleaded at the meeting that they were already
paying land tax and water tax which is equivalent to income tax.

After threadbare discussions on levy of income tax on agriculture, a committee
was formed under the chairmanship of Majeed Nizamani to sort out growers'
grievances and evolve a tax formula acceptable to the government and the second
party.

The committee has been entrusted to redraft the 1994 legislation regarding tax
on agriculture and prepare a new law to be approved by the assembly.

An agriculture department official told Dawn that the government side urged
growers' leaders to adopt self- assessment tax scheme to determine expenditures
on raring of crops and income from their sales to pay tax.

President of the Sindh Chamber of Agriculture Dr Nadeem Qamar informed the
meeting that growers had been paying tax since 1994 when income tax bill was
passed by the Sindh Assembly.

He pointed out that the draft law makes mention of water tax and land tax
instead of income tax.

He suggested that the law be amended to change the words 'land tax and water
tax' into income tax.

Secretary-general of the chamber Nabi Bukhsh drew the attention of participants
towards the fact that 95pc of growers were illiterate and were unable to file
income tax returns.

It was duty of the Federal Board of Revenue to arrange training for taxpayers in
the farm sector on how to fill tax returns.

Comparing the tax paid by the industry and the farm sector, he said that the
former was entitled to various tax rebates, including on expenditures on living
in lavish houses and expensive education of their children, but there was no
relief in the tax paid by growers.

The high increase in prices of farm inputs is also not taken into account while
calculating the tax.

The growers pay Rs200 as land tax and Rs100 as water tax on an acre per year.

Nabi Bukhsh pointed out that the farm sector provides raw material for textile
exports which forms 90pc of the total exports.

On export performance, while the industry gets billions of rupees rebate,
growers get nothing.

The growers' leaders further pointed out that the farm sector provides
employment to 70pc of the country's rural population.

Any further load on the sector would discourage growers to produce crops and
they might shift to other businesses.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2014 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Revenue from agriculture income: FBR for levying indirect tax at initial stage
of agriculture production

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 138

LENGTH: 459  words


One of the options with the government is to introduce some kind of indirect tax
at initial stage of agriculture production, keeping in view the limited revenue
collection by directly taxing agriculture income. Sources told Business Recorder
here on Wednesday that the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has responded to
comments of legislators on different options for taxation of agricultural
sector.

Tax authorities are of the view that agricultural sector indirectly contributes
to the tax collection in the form of sales tax on all inputs of the agriculture
sector, whereas income tax would not result in any sort of big revenue
collection. Around 85 percent land owners in Punjab are holding less than 12.5
acre, which is subsistence holding in Punjab. Direct imposition of tax on
agricultural sector as an income tax would not result in any major contribution
in revenue collection.

A more plausible way of doing it through introduction of indirect tax at the
initial stage of production or the Produce Index Unit (PIU) could be used as a
proxy, which is different for every district and division to start taxing the
production. Likewise, cotton has to be ginned and rice has to be husked, so a
levy could be easily imposed on these crops at this stage.

According to sources, the analysis of the productivity of agriculture sector is
'must' for taxing it in a cost-effective manner. The FBR has also pointed out
that it has no expertise in handling the record and production data of
agriculture land, FBR added.

When contacted, experts said that the role of provinces in tax collection is
very important. In India, tax-to-GDP ratio is 18 percent, out of which 12
percent is collected by the federal government while the remaining 6 percent is
collected by the federal government. The size of the GDP is ever increasing
while agriculture being a large component of the GDP remained outside. The
tax-to-GDP ratio remained stagnant over the years because there were no
structural reforms and only superficial reforms had been done.

The government has to tax supply chain of the agriculture sector and ask the
provinces to send notices to landholders having more than 50 acres to file tax
returns. At the same time, agricultural value chain, like wholesalers and
middlemen, is very much in the federal domain and it should be taxed by the
Centre.

In its last meeting, the Economic Advisory Council (EAC) on Saturday had asked
the government to ensure maximum compliance of existing tax laws and bring
agriculture income into the tax net instead of going for assets/wealth tax.
Provinces would also be invited in the next meeting of the EAC to discuss the
modalities as to how to bring agri income into the tax net because they would be
the implementing authorities.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

Poor output of govt farms belies expertise of agriculture dept

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 218

LENGTH: 347  words


The Punjab agriculture department, which advertises  "important messages for
farmers' to increase produce, is itself yielding very poor output.

Even the target of earning from farms owned and controlled by the department
which have best expertise, knowledge and technical advancement, does not
commensurate with the earning of an average traditional farmer.  The income
statement of the extension wing of the Punjab agriculture department revealed
that the target of income from agriculture farms in different districts the year
2011-12 was fixed at Rs 5 million but even the meagre target was not achieved
and the income remained Rs 4.1 million.  The same was the case of income from
experimental farms under the agriculture department for which an earning of Rs
33 million was achieved during the last fiscal year.  Per acre returns from both
categories of farms remained less than Rs 10,000 per acre per annum, even if,
all excuses and reasons from the agriculture department are given weight.

The income by a department having several tools and resources is very low
against an ordinary progressive farmer who is getting up to 80 maund of wheat
and 50 maund of rice production. His income is many times more than the
provincial government department.

A well-placed official of the department, seeking anonymity, said that the
department lacked funding to use inputs for crops at the government farms.  "For
cultivation of cotton, an amount of Rs 48,000 to Rs 50,000 per acre is required
and for rice Rs 30,000 and wheat Rs 19,000-20,000. This means that an amount of
Rs 60,000 to Rs 78,000 per acre per annum is required for the crops while funds
are less than Rs 10,000," he added.

He said that there were encroachments on some government farms which could not
be cleared due to political reasons as a result the department was running in
loss.  About experimental farms owned by the department, he said the main target
of the farms was not to earn money. "We make experiments to increase output for
a long term and in a short span of time, they do not give proper returns," he
argued.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

Beijing pledges to help farmers cut wealth gap

BYLINE: Zhuang Pinghui

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 327 words


The Ministry of Agriculture has promised to issue more favourable policies to
farmers and help them get jobs in the mainland's cities to slow a surging income
gap between rural and urban residents.

Deputy Agriculture Minister Yin Chengjie   said the ministry would ensure
policies were tilted towards rural residents to help them catch up with their
urban counterparts.  The ministry also pledged to modernise agriculture so that
farmers would enjoy rapid and sustainable income growth.

The mainland's rural residents have seen their annual per capita income increase
by more than 6 per cent for each of the past three years. But they have still
fallen further behind city dwellers.

Last year, rural residents recorded a 7.4 per cent increase in their average
annual income to 3,587 yuan.  The average urban resident's income grew 10.4 per
cent to 11,759 yuan.

The average annual urban income was 3.21 times rural income in 2004, but 3.28
times rural income last year.

The real gap is actually  wider.  Urban residents enjoy social benefits in
health care, housing, education and retirement which are not widely available in
the countryside.

Analysts said the  income growth for rural residents in recent years might prove
temporary because it resulted  from rising  grain prices and favourable
policies, and there needed to be more systematic policies to permanently  close
the  gap.

The central government has slashed agricultural taxes and increased  subsidies
to farmers, allocating 52.6 billion yuan this year.

Li Binglong , a professor at China Agriculture University's School of Economics
and Management, said it was natural for urban household income to grow faster
than  in the countryside. He said it was not possible to close the income gap
without speeding up urbanisation and engineering a large-scale shift of labour
from the countryside to cities.

Large numbers of farmers moving to the city would increase rural family income,
Professor  Li said.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

A move long overdue

SECTION: Vol. L No. 264

LENGTH: 630  words


According to a Business Recorder exclusive the new income tax return form has
made it mandatory for taxpayers to declare the agriculture income tax they may
have paid to the provincial revenue department. This would enable the Federal
Board of Revenue (FBR) to reconcile any discrepancy between the income declared
in the annual income tax return, the tax paid on agriculture income and the
consumption patterns of individuals and/or association of persons. It would
therefore no longer be possible for the taxpayer to claim that he purchased say
an expensive item like a car from income derived from agriculture income that is
not backed by the tax he/she paid on that income to the province.

The Statutory Regulatory Order (SRO) issued by the FBR provides for a taxpayer
explaining the nature and source of the amount credited or the investment made,
money or valuable article owned or funds from which the expenditure was made, by
way of agriculture income. Such an explanation the SRO further adds would be
accepted only to the extent of agriculture income worked back on the basis of
agriculture income tax paid subject to furnishing of proof of payment of
agriculture tax under the relevant provincial law.

This SRO amending the income tax form must be fully supported as it would go a
long way in easing mounting criticism against those parliamentarians who justify
their conspicuous consumption patterns by citing farm income as their main
source of wealth. While this addition in no way takes account of the low tax
imposed on farm income by all the provinces. One would hope that this would at
least ease the concern that rich absentee landlords heavily represented in the
country's national and provincial assemblies are not paying their due taxes by
ensuring that the constitutional provision making farm tax a provincial subject
remains in force. Critics also point out that the 18th Constitutional Amendment
failed to amend this particular clause because the then two major parliamentary
parties (PPP and the PMLN) as well as regional parties, with the exception of
the MQM, had not supported such an amendment. However, it would also be
appropriate for the FBR to amend the income tax form further to include all
those who own above a certain square area of either a flat or plot of land in
urban areas and who pay provincial tax on that property, as provided in the
income tax law.

These two additions in the income tax return form must be enforced rigorously
and the FBR tasked to verify through reverse calculations as to whether the tax
paid on income and landholdings of an individual or an association of persons is
the appropriate amount.

Be that as it may, multilaterals as well as bilaterals have been voicing serious
concerns about the country's tax system that is unfair, inequitable and
anomalous. Hillary Clinton, former Secretary of State, accused the government of
Pakistan of not taxing its own rich while relying on the taxpayers of foreign
countries to extend assistance  a reliance that she said must stop.
Multilaterals and bilaterals have been urging reforms and the FBR has been the
recipient of several hundred million dollars technical assistance to attain this
objective. However, progress remains limited and successive governments,
including the incumbent, have continued to rely on a tax structure that depends
heavily on indirect taxes whose incidence on the poor is much greater than on
the rich.

However, the most recent amendment would go some way in making taxes more
equitable though there is many a slip between the cup and the lip. Unfortunately
vested interests have nullified all attempts at reform in the past, a trend that
appears to be continuing to this day, and one can only hope that this time
around the amendment is implemented.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Talks among provinces on agri income tax fail

BYLINE:  Sajid Chaudhry

SECTION: Vol. VII No. 158

LENGTH: 518  words


Forthcoming provincial budgets are not likely to have some measures for
improving the collection of the agriculture income tax in all four provinces as
the crucial talks among the provinces on increasing the collection of
agriculture tax failed at the Ministry of Finance.

The ministry proposed to the provinces to increase the agriculture income tax
rate from 1.5 percent to 2.5 percent in 2011-12, 3.5 percent in 2012-13
provincial budgets, and its increase to 5 percent by 2013-14, the third fiscal
year. However, the provinces informed the Finance Ministry that they would
examine the issue in the meetings of their respective cabinets, official sources
said.

The provinces opined that the agriculture tax was a provincial subject and the
federal government should not intervene in it.

Increase in the rate of agriculture income tax was not supported by the
provinces.

Punjab, Sindh and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were of the view that there should be a
uniform rate of agriculture income tax, however, Balochistan was of the view
that separate rates should be kept for all four provinces, the sources said.

Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani had constituted a high-level committee, headed
by Federal Finance Minister Dr Hafeez Shaikh and provincial finance ministers as
its members. The issues that were to be decided included possible increase in
the rate of agriculture tax, keeping the tax rate at uniform level in all four
provinces, uniform assessment mechanism and tax collection strategy with maximum
facilitation for the taxpayers of the agriculture sector.

Tuesday's meeting of the committee was tasked with discussing the proposed
measures for increasing the tax collection from agriculture income tax already
imposed in the provinces. The decisions that were to be reached at the meeting
were to be incorporated in the provincial finance bills of the provinces and
were to be announced in the forthcoming provincial budgets.

Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Finance Minister Humayun Khan was of the view that there
should be one rate of tax, collection should remain with the provinces and KPK
would not like to empower the federal government to collect the tax. He,
however, said that increase in the revenue was necessary for all the provinces.
He also said the KPK was a war-torn area and there was a reduced agricultural
activity in the province.

Punjab Senior Minister Zulfiqar Khosa informed reporters that it was the first
meeting of the committee and no decision could be taken. He was of the view that
proposals that had been submitted in the meeting would be brought into the
notice of the Punjab chief minister, and said the matter would also be discussed
in the provincial cabinet meeting.

Balochistan Finance Secretary Dostain Jamaldini said that there should be a
separate rate in each province in view of their agricultural activities. He also
held that last year's floods had badly damaged the agriculture sector in the
province, adding that the farming community was not able to take further burden.
Recovery would take some time and the prime minister had announced relief for
the farming community, he added.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

Poor output of govt farms belies agri dept expertise

BYLINE:  Staff Reporter

SECTION: Vol. XXIII No. 272

LENGTH: 346  words


The Punjab agriculture department, which advertises 'important messages for
farmers' to increase produce, is itself yielding very poor output.

Even the target of earning from farms owned and controlled by the department
which have best expertise, knowledge and technical advancement, does not
commensurate with the earning of an average traditional farmer.

The income statement of the extension wing of the Punjab agriculture department
revealed that the target of income from agriculture farms in different districts
the year 2011-12 was fixed at Rs 5 million but even the meagre target was not
achieved and the income remained Rs 4.1 million.

The same was the case of income from experimental farms under the agriculture
department for which an earning of Rs 33 million was achieved during the last
fiscal year.

Per acre returns from both categories of farms remained less than Rs 10,000 per
acre per annum, even if, all excuses and reasons from the agriculture department
are given weight.

The income by a department having several tools and resources is very low
against an ordinary progressive farmer who is getting up to 80 maund of wheat
and 50 maund of rice production. His income is many times more than the
provincial government department.

A well-placed official of the department, seeking anonymity, said that the
department lacked funding to use inputs for crops at the government farms.

"For cultivation of cotton, an amount of Rs 48,000 to Rs 50,000 per acre is
required and for rice Rs 30,000 and wheat Rs 19,000-20,000. This means that an
amount of Rs 60,000 to Rs 78,000 per acre per annum is required for the crops
while funds are less than Rs 10,000," he added.

He said that there were encroachments on some government farms which could not
be cleared due to political reasons as a result the department was running in
loss.

About experimental farms owned by the department, he said the main target of the
farms was not to earn money. "We make experiments to increase output for a long
term and in a short span of time, they do not give proper returns," he argued.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register(Springfield, IL)

                            February 11, 2000 Friday

Ag director: Federal aid looks good

BYLINE: CHARLYN FARGO AGRIBUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 392 words


Illinois farmers have reasons to be optimistic that help will come from
Washington, state Agriculture Director Joe Hampton said Wednesday.

Hampton spent Sunday through Tuesday talking with ag policy leaders in D.C.

"(The farm situation) is on everyone's mind out there," said Hampton. " They're
aware that there's plenty of financial stress."

Unless another assistance package comes from Congress, farm income is expected
to fall 16 percent this year, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The USDA forecast is based on expectations of weak grain and cotton prices, a
downturn in tobacco production and low prices for rice. One in four farm
businesses nationwide might not generate enough income to cover expenses,
according to the USDA.

The agency forecasts net farm income will be $40.4 billion this year, compared
to $48.1 billion in 1999. Corn income is projected to be down 27 percent from
1998 and soybean income down 29 percent. Only beef (up 25 percent) and hogs (up
2 percent) are expected to generate more income this year than in 1998.

"I'm encouraged by the attitude of our congressional leaders and their
enlightenment," said Hampton. "I don't think they're just giving us words to
pacify us, but to promote long-term sustainability."

Hampton doesn't expect any fundamental changes in the current farm bill.

"But they will look at additional ways to pay a secondary payment," he said.

Last week, Tom Buis, vice president of governmental relations for the National
Farmers Union, said the Clinton Administration's farm aid proposal, while
modest, would help farmers.

"It contains a recognition that the Freedom To Farm Act is not working,
especially for times like today. Things really haven't changed very much since
last year.

"I'm of the opinion an election year helps farmers and ranchers," he said. "All
the candidates are advocating a change in farm policy."

Hampton also heard strong sentiment in favor of ethanol and against a rival fuel
additive, MTBE, that has been blamed for water pollution in many areas.

Buis agreed. "We have this oversupply of corn. What better way to get rid of it
than to utilize ethanol and provide incentives to do that? Ethanol has an
opportunity because of MTBE's misfortune."

Charlyn Fargo can be reached at 788-1521 or at charlyn.fargo@sj-r.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The State Journal-Register


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              April 4, 2011 Monday

Other voices: Crop the subsidies

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 608 words


The flip side of the high food prices that continue to nag at family budgets is
a boom down on the farm, as the people who grow commodities enjoy record prices
for both land and crops. The Agriculture Department projects net farm income of
$94.7 billion in 2011, up almost 20 percent over the previous year and the
second-best year for farm income since 1976. Indeed, the department notes that
the top five earnings years out of the past 30 have occurred since 2004.

Corn and wheat farmers are living large, but most fortunate of all are cotton
farmers. Cotton receipts, the USDA says, are expected to rise by more than
one-third this year, boosted by a 31 percent rise in exports. Cotton is so
lucrative, in fact, that many grain farmers (in some parts of the country) are
shifting acreage into the fluffy white crop, notwithstanding the high prices for
corn, wheat and soybeans.

The farm boom reflects a host of factors, from strong demand in emerging markets
such as India and China to a long drought in Australia's wheat-growing regions.
But U.S. government policies, including support for corn-based ethanol and the
Federal Reserve's money-cheapening "quantitative easing," also have helped.

In other words, the case for direct federal subsidies of agriculture has never
been weaker. But try telling that to the House Agriculture Committee, whose
Republican chairman and senior Democrat recently wrote to House Budget Committee
Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis., pleading with him to spare farmers in his
forthcoming fiscal 2012 budget plan: "Some may argue that the current
agriculture economy and farm prices are strong and therefore now would be a good
time to cut our agriculture policies even further," wrote Frank Lucas, R-Okla.,
and Collin Peterson, D-Minn., "but this conclusion ignores lessons from history.
The agriculture economy is cyclical." The letter implied that the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program, which helps low-income Americans buy groceries,
might be trimmed instead.

You heard that right: Low-income people who are struggling in the here and now
should be considered for less aid so that middle- and upper-income people (which
is what most farmers are) can be protected against hard times that might come,
someday.

The farm-state legislators have a point. Spending on the farm "safety net" has
been in decline; it averaged $12.9 billion per year over the past half-decade,
about $5 billion per year less than the 2002-06 average. And agriculture is,
indeed, cyclical. USDA forecasts a further drop in government payments to $10.6
billion in 2011 in part because certain programs don't pay in the fat years.

But direct payments -- a $5 billion-a-year handout to grain and cotton farmers
regardless of economic conditions -- remain, as does the question of why farmers
should get subsidies at all. After all, the whole economy is cyclical. And when
it's going through a bad time, as it is now, it seems doubly unfair to expect
taxpayers to prop up what are often wealthy producers, much less to expect the
poor to sacrifice nutrition benefits.

In fact, the "safety net" discourages farmers from prudently putting profits
from record years such as this one into a reserve for the inevitable downturns.
Instead, they can spend the windfall on expanded production, safe in the
knowledge that Uncle Sam will protect them if gluts develop.

To his credit, President Obama put a $2.5 billion cut in direct payments over 10
years into his 2012 budget proposal. Ryan has expressed similar views. The
budget chairman needs to stick to his guns and make this the year that budget
sanity finally prevails down on the farm.

-- The Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 3, 2011 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Crop the subsidies

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 612 words


THE FLIP SIDE of the high food prices that continue to nag at family budgets is
a boom down on the farm, as the people who grow commodities enjoy record prices
for both land and crops. The Agriculture Department projects net farm income of
$94.7 billionâ[#x2c6][#x161] in 2011, up almost 20 percent over the previous
year and the second-best year for farm income since 1976. Indeed, the department
notes that the top five earnings years out of the past 30 have occurred since
2004.

Corn and wheat farmers are living large, but most fortunate of all are cotton
farmers. Cotton receipts, the USDA says, are expected to rise by more than
one-third this year, boosted by a 31 percent rise in exports. Cotton is so
lucrative, in fact, that many grain farmers are shifting acreage into the fluffy
white crop, notwithstanding the high prices for corn, wheat and soybeans.

The farm boom reflects a host of factors, from strong demand in emerging markets
such as India and China to a long drought in Australia's wheat-growing regions.
But U.S. government policies, including support for corn-based ethanol and the
Federal Reserve's money-cheapening "quantitative easing," also have helped.

In other words, the case for direct federal subsidies of agriculture has never
been weaker. But try telling that to the House Agriculture Committee, whose
Republican chairman and senior Democrat recently wrote to House Budget Committee
Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), pleading with him to spare farmers in his
forthcoming fiscal 2012 budget plan: "Some may argue that the current
agriculture economy and farm prices are strong and therefore now would be a good
time to cut our agriculture policies even further," wrote Frank D. Lucas
(R-Okla.) and Collin C. Peterson (D-Minn.), "but this conclusion ignores lessons
from history. The agriculture economy is cyclical." The letter implied that the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, which helps low-income Americans buy
groceries, might be trimmed instead.

You heard that right: Low-income people who are struggling in the here and now
should be considered for less aid so that middle- and upper-income people (which
is what most farmers are) can be protected against hard times that might come,
someday.

The farm-state legislators have a point. Spending on the farm "safety net" has
been in decline; it averaged $12.9 billion per year over the past half-decade,
about $5 billion per year less than the 2002-06 average.  And agriculture is,
indeed, cyclical. USDA forecasts a  further drop in government payments to $10.6
billion in 2011 in part because certain programs don't pay in the fat years.

But direct payments - a $5 billion-a-year handout to grain and cotton farmers
regardless of economic conditions - remain, as does the question of why farmers
should get subsidies at all. After all, the whole economy is cyclical. And when
it's going through a bad time, as it is now, it seems doubly unfair to expect
taxpayers to prop up what are often wealthy producers, much less to expect the
poor to sacrifice nutrition benefits.

In fact, the "safety net" discourages farmers from prudently putting profits
from record years such as this one into a reserve for the inevitable downturns.
Instead, they can spend the windfall on expanded production, safe in the
knowledge that Uncle Sam will protect them if gluts develop. To his credit,
President Obama put a $2.5 billion cut in direct payments over 10 yearstkr -
$2.5 billion total, spread out over 10 years into his 2012 budget proposal. Mr.
Ryan has expressed similar views. The budget chairman needs to stick to his guns
and make this the year that budget sanity finally prevails down on the farm.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

Talks among provinces on agri income tax fail

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 8 -- Forthcoming provincial budgets are not likely to have some
measures for improving the collection of the agriculture income tax in all four
provinces as the crucial talks among the provinces on increasing the collection
of agriculture tax failed at the Ministry of Finance.

The ministry proposed to the provinces to increase the agriculture income tax
rate from 1.5 percent to 2.5 percent in 2011-12, 3.5 percent in 2012-13
provincial budgets, and its increase to 5 percent by 2013-14, the third fiscal
year. However, the provinces informed the Finance Ministry that they would
examine the issue in the meetings of their respective cabinets, official sources
said.

The provinces opined that the agriculture tax was a provincial subject and the
federal government should not intervene in it.

Increase in the rate of agriculture income tax was not supported by the
provinces.

Punjab, Sindh and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa were of the view that there should be a
uniform rate of agriculture income tax, however, Balochistan was of the view
that separate rates should be kept for all four provinces, the sources said.

Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani had constituted a high-level committee, headed
by Federal Finance Minister Dr Hafeez Shaikh and provincial finance ministers as
its members. The issues that were to be decided included possible increase in
the rate of agriculture tax, keeping the tax rate at uniform level in all four
provinces, uniform assessment mechanism and tax collection strategy with maximum
facilitation for the taxpayers of the agriculture sector.

Tuesday's meeting of the committee was tasked with discussing the proposed
measures for increasing the tax collection from agriculture income tax already
imposed in the provinces. The decisions that were to be reached at the meeting
were to be incorporated in the provincial finance bills of the provinces and
were to be announced in the forthcoming provincial budgets.

Khyber Pukhtunkhwa Finance Minister Humanyun Khan was of the view that there
should be one rate of tax, collection should remain with the provinces and KPK
would not like to empower the federal government to collect the tax. He,
however, said that increase in the revenue was necessary for all the provinces.
He also said the KPK was a war-torn area and there was a reduced agricultural
activity in the province.

Punjab Senior Minister Zulfiqar Khosa informed reporters that it was the first
meeting of the committee and no decision could be taken. He was of the view that
proposals that had been submitted in the meeting would be brought into the
notice of the Punjab chief minister, and said the matter would also be discussed
in the provincial cabinet meeting.

Balochistan Finance Secretary Dostain Jamaldini said that there should be a
separate rate in each province in view of their agricultural activities. He also
held that last year's floods had badly damaged the agriculture sector in the
province, adding that the farming community was not able to take further burden.
Recovery would take some time and the prime minister had announced relief for
the farming community, he added. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                October 24, 1998

Zero-income farm fears as Lyon roars for action

BYLINE: By Joe Watson And David Perry

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.1

LENGTH: 594 words


THE leader of Scotland's embattled farmers last night demanded a meeting with
the Prime Minister. It had emerged that GBP 50million more could be wiped off
farm incomes by the end of the year.

George Lyon, president of the National Farmers' Union for Scotland, gave warning
that worsening livestock and grain prices would leave most farmers with no
incomes at all.

He has written to Tony Blair asking for an urgent meeting. His calls were
renewed for the Government to pay out the GBP 150million compensation the
industry is still due to offset the effects of the strong pound.

Mr Lyons was speaking at a conference in Forfar. Angus Council published a
report there giving warning that more than 300 jobs could be at risk in the
county if farm incomes continued to fall.

The report underlined the importance of farming to rural areas such as Angus.
There, 2,217 jobs rely on farmers' ploughing GBP 88million a year into the local
economy.

Delegates set up a task force to deal with agricultural issues in the county.

Mr Lyon said the financial situation for farmers was worsening by the day as
livestock prices continued to fall.

He added: "The union predicted earlier this year that farm incomes in Scotland
could fall to as low as GBP 160million. But now even that looks optimistic.

"We now believe that GBP 100million is likely to be nearer the mark - and that
means GBP 500million will have been wiped out of the Scottish economy since
1995, when net farm incomes were worth around GBP 600million."

He predicted that incomes from beef and cereals would be virtually zero. Dairy
farmers could see their net incomes halved to GBP 6,000.

Mr Lyon said the Government was listening to the industry. That was no longer
enough. Action was needed - as promised by Mr Blair when Mr Lyon met him in
February.

Sleepwalking

The farmers' leader said: "We also have to find out from the politicians where
they think agriculture's long-term future actually lies, and what we as an
industry have to do to help ourselves get there, and what they are going to do
to guide us."

The Scottish National Party agriculture spokesman, John Swinney, MP for Tayside
North, said: "The Government is sleepwalking into difficulty . . . It appears at
the moment, though, that they do not have any idea of how important agriculture
is within the rural context."

Angus Council convener Ian Hudghton, SNP candidate in the European by-election,
accused Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel of "bucking" an invitation to
the conference.

A Downing Street spokesman said No. 10 had not yet received Mr Lyon's letter,
but promised "a response in due course".

Liberal Democrats will spotlight the farmers' plight in a full-scale Commons
debate on Monday. Agriculture spokesman Charles Kennedy will back the union's
demand for about GBP 160million of green pound money to compensate for
sterling's strength.

Scottish Tory Leader David McLetchie described the union's farm income figures
as horrendous. They were "a damning indictment of the impotence and ineptitude
of this Government".

Labour plans to abolish rate relief for agriculture and forestry in their land
reform "vision" for Scotland would bankrupt Scottish farmers.

v Asda, which has cancelled orders for New Zealand lamb, last night said it was
backing British farmers with cuts in lamb prices from Monday until Christmas.

John Cleland, Asda's meat director, said: "This is real price support for
Britain's farms through sustained price cuts to encourage customers to buy more
lamb."

Taskforce - Page 19

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        February 17, 1993, CITY EDITION

Farm incomes increase by 18.5% as 5% rise for 1993 is predicted

BYLINE: By Sean MacConnell, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; DAIL REPORT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 425 words


FARM incomes increased by 18.5 per cent last year, and the Department of
Agriculture, Food and Forestry has predicted that 1993 income should rise by
around 5 per cent.

In a statement last night, however, the president of the Irish Farmers'
Association, Mr Alan Gill is, said that the general income rise in 1992 had only
corrected a disastrous decline in the previous year and that farm income had
hardly grown at all in real terms since 1990.

"The Department of Agriculture knows full well that a one- year comparison on
farm incomes can be misleading, given the roller-coaster nature of, agricultural
income trends," ,said Mr Gillis, who added that it was a futile exercise to gel
into a guessing game this early in the year on incomes for 1993.

Welcoming the increases, the Minister for Agriculture, Food a nd Forestry, Mr
Walsh, said he was  very pleased at the income recovery which had come after two
fairly poor years.

He said that all sectors had not shared equally in the aggregate farm income
increase. Dairy farmers had done well but sheep, pig and cereal farmers had not
had a good year, and income returns should not be looked at in isolation.

The Annual Review and Outlook for  Agriculture and the Food Industry, which gave
the figures and which was published yesterday said the aggregate farm income
increase represented a very substantial and welcome recovery in the wake of the
income declines in 1990 and 1991.

The increase was due to a combination of higher prices for most products, an
increase in the volume of output, a small decrease in the value of inputs used
and a substantial increase in the amount of subsidies paid.

Milk prices had risen by 7 per cent over the year and the volume increased by 1
per cent. Cattle prices increased on average, although there was a small drop in
the average price for steers and farmers had responded to the CAP Reform
Agreement by increased cattle and suckler cow numbers in order to establish
their quotas, according to the review.

The sheep sector had a difficult year with average prices down by about 7 per
cent. Pig prices were strong in the first half of 1992 but fell sharply in the
second half of the year. There were good crops of cereals and sugar beet, while
in certain areas like Donegal bad weather led to heavy losses in the potato
crop, it added.

The report also said that the amount of subsidies or direct income aids to
farmers had increased by £70 million to £409 million, representing 22.5per cent
of aggregate farm income in 1992.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1993 The Irish Times


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday

Yogendra Yadav-led Swaraj Abhiyan to present a parallel budget for agriculture
on February 1

BYLINE: Vishwa Mohan

SECTION: INDIA

LENGTH: 453 words


NEW DELHI: A number of farmers' organisations led by Jai Kisan Andolan of the
Swaraj Abhiyan on Monday sought complete overhaul of the country's agriculture
policy so that it could not only increase farm income within specific time-frame
but also ensure income guarantee to farmers.Ahead of the presentation of the
Union budget, these organisations released their list of expectations, seeking
the government to clearly spell out a "mechanism for doubling the nominal income
of farmers and all primary producers in the rural sector in three years". "If
the government is serious about tackling the long-term crisis in agriculture
through assurance of income to farmers, it should enact a Farmers' Income
Guarantee Act. The budgetary allocation should be made in 2017-18 to set up a
permanent and statutory National Farmers' Income Commission for income
assessment of farm households and implementing the income guarantee and a
full-fledged income security mechanism from 2018-19", said the groups.The Jai
Kisan Andolan, led by the Swaraj Abhiyan's chief Yogendra Yadav, will present an
alternative budget called 'Krishi Budget' (Budget for Farming & Farmers) on
February 1 - the day Union finance minister Arun Jaitley will present the
country's annual budget in Lok Sabha.These farmers' organisations will present
the 'Krishi Budget' in a gathering, called 'Kisan Sansad' (Farmers' Parliament),
here at Jantar Mantar.

Listing out their specific expectations, these organisations pitched for
'Remunerative and Universal Price Yield Assurance (RUPYA)' and urged the
government to come out with a mechanism where the prices should be remunerative,
its benefits should be available to all farmers and it must cover farmers
against all forms of crop loss and price deficiency. Compensation for losses
from demonetisation, increase in allocation for agriculture sector in the
budget, overhaul of disaster relief system and creation of National Disaster
Mitigation Fund and higher allocation for irrigation with special focus on
rain-fed areas are among the other key demands in their list of
expectations.They also demanded scaling up investments in sustainable
agriculture, saying the allocation to the Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana
(PKVY) - which seeks to promote organic farming in the country - needs to be
substantially increased with specific component of reviving traditional crop
diversity in all farms of India.Referring to the 'Prime Minister Fasal Bima
Yojana' (PMFBY), they said the new crop insurance scheme has not yielded the
promised results and therefore it needs to be reviewed and recast to ensure that
both loanee and non-loanee farmers are covered by the security net.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                               May 2, 2016 Monday

ICCI calls for bringing agriculture sector under tax net

LENGTH: 292  words


Acting President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sheikh Pervez
Ahmed urged the government to bring the agricultural sector into the tax net in
the forthcoming budget.He observed that the agriculture sector was playing a
major role in generating business, economic activities and providing jobs to
majority of rural population, but was paying negligible amount to the tax
revenue which was not justified, "The agriculture sector was contributing about
one-fifth of the domestic output but was generating less than 01% of the total
tax revenue.

"Due to which the country's revenue and fiscal deficits were on the rise, making
Pakistan's tax revenue collection one of the lowest in the region," Sheikh
Pervez said on Monday.He said after the 18th constitutional amendment,
agriculture sector was devolved to the provinces and provincial governments were
expected to bring agriculture income into the tax net.

However, due to the unwillingness of the provinces to tax agriculture income,
the country has become dependent on foreign borrowings which would jeopardize
the future.He said the present government enjoyed two third of the majority in
the parliament and was in a good position to enact laws to bring agriculture
income into the tax net.

Sheikh Pervez Ahmed claimed that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country.He also called
for simplify the current complex tax system, adding that lower tax rates and
levy tax on agriculture income that would help in generating trillions of rupees
as tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Gulf News (United Arab Emirates)

                           October 22, 2008 Wednesday

Fundamental change needed in agricultural policy

LENGTH: 580 words


Pakistan's agricultural economy has fast emerged at the centre of the country's
future prospects as the countdown begins for stemming a depletion of liquid
foreign currency reserves.

As Pakistan's economic outlook worsens by the day, so does the prospect of a new
loan from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) become increasingly likely.

Such a programme is more than likely to come tied with conditions for Islamabad
to follow including the likelihood of a new IMF programme. Such conditions are
likely to include the introduction of a fresh tax on the country's larger farm
owners, who remain immune from income tax.

The farm tax issue has remained unresolved for years. There is of course every
reason to argue in favour of equity across the board for all income earners
including those in the business of farming. But agriculture has been so badly
neglected in the past decade or so that slapping tough new taxes for the sector
could be counter-productive at a time when farm incomes need to grow rapidly and
create a boom in agriculture.

Pakistan's economic future lies in the success of its agriculture, for more than
one reason. Almost a quarter of Pakistan's gross domestic product (GDP) comes
from agriculture, while almost two-thirds of its population relies directly or
indirectly on farm incomes.

Experience in the past year has shown that the world's agriculture producers
still have a valuable place in the economic cycle. This is largely true on the
basis of countries where farm incomes are a key player in the overall economy.
Hence, farm producers seeing a strong recovery from added income coming through
export of commodities, underlines the importance of agriculture.

For Pakistan, the way forward can see relative stability if farm incomes grow
with time. This will require a new partnership between the government and
stakeholders in agriculture, paving the way for long-term growth.

Missing the bus

On the other hand, if prospects for agricultural growth are stifled by harsh new
taxes on farm owners, Pakistan may once again miss the bus. Going forward, it is
vital that farm incomes are not only kept protected, but must at least in part
get channelled in to a bold and sustainable recovery process.

At the same time, Pakistan must also work to modernise the sector. For too long,
successive governments have ignored agriculture while focussing on trade and
industry. The time has now come to break away from this pattern by diversifying
the kinds of crops prevalent in the country.

For too long, farm owners in Pakistan have relied heavily on the few cash crops
which make up the bulk of its produce. The time has now come to diversify into a
range of cropping patterns, including non-traditional crops. Such diversity is
central in improving the returns for the sector as a whole - a first step
towards improving income.

While an effort gets under way to increase farm yields, it is also essential to
improve links between the farm sector and industry, all with the intention of
establishing the basis for higher incomes. Ultimately, policy choices by the
government must work to increase yields as well as the incomes of individual
farmers.

Once a bold recovery gets underway and the farming community begins earning
incomes large enough to cover their losses from yesteryears, only then will
there be a legitimate case to slap new taxes on what continues to be an
underperforming sector of the Pakistani economy.

- The writer is a journalist based in Pakistan.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 57


               Copyright 2008 Gulf News - Al Nisr Publishing LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

ICCI calls for bringing agriculture sector under tax net

LENGTH: 297 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 ISLAMABAD: Acting President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sheikh
Pervez Ahmed urged the government to bring the agricultural sector into the tax
net in the forthcoming budget.





 He observed that the agriculture sector was playing a major role in generating
business, economic activities and providing jobs to majority of rural
population, but was paying negligible amount to the tax revenue which was not
justified, "The agriculture sector was contributing about one-fifth of the
domestic output but was generating less than 0.1% of the total tax revenue."



 "Due to which the country's revenue and fiscal deficits were on the rise,
making Pakistan's tax revenue collection one of the lowest in the region,"
Sheikh Pervez said on Monday.



 He said after the 18th constitutional amendment, agriculture sector was
devolved to the provinces and provincial governments were expected to bring
agriculture income into the tax net.



 However, due to the unwillingness of the provinces to tax agriculture income,
the country has become dependent on foreign borrowings which would jeopardize
the future.



 He said the present government enjoyed two third of the majority in the
parliament and was in a good position to enact laws to bring agriculture income
into the tax net.



 Sheikh Pervez Ahmed claimed that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country.



 He also called for simplify the current complex tax system, adding that lower
tax rates and levy tax on agriculture income that would help in generating
trillions of rupees as tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 3, 2005 Saturday

China: Commentator on good beginning in building new socialist countryside

LENGTH: 1087 words


Text of "Xinhua Commentary" by Xinhua commentator entitled:  "It is necessary to
make a good beginning in building a new socialist countryside", carried by
official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)

Beijing, 2 December: When drawing up the main points of economic work for next
year, the Central Economic Work Conference stressed that it is necessary to
solidly promote the building of a new socialist countryside and do a better job
in work related to the "three rural issues" [agriculture, peasants, and rural
areas]. In the year of starting the 11th Five-Year Programme, striving for a
good beginning in building a new socialist countryside has a bearing on the
overall situation of economic construction next year and, therefore, it is
necessary to fully implement all measures.

Building a new socialist countryside is a major historic task in the course of
China's modernization and a programme of action for doing a good job in work
related to the "three rural issues" in the new period. Being very rich in
content and very profound in connotation, building a new socialist countryside
marked by developed production, affluent living standards, civilized rural
atmosphere, clean and tidy village appearance, and democratic management
involves a very arduous task.

The basis of building a new socialist countryside is to increase agricultural
production and farmers' incomes. We should steadily develop grain production,
implement all policies and measures for supporting grain production, and
constantly enhance overall grain production capacity. Through sustained input
and support to rural areas we should ensure that agriculture and the rural areas
have a basis for sustainable development. It is necessary to adopt comprehensive
measures, continue to promote agricultural restructuring, extensively explore
avenues for increasing farmers' incomes, tap the potential for increasing
incomes inside agriculture, develop industrialized agricultural production,
energetically develop county economy, guide the orderly shifting of surplus
rural labour to non-agricultural undertakings and to cities and towns, continue
to improve the existing agricultural subsidy policies, and intensify efforts to
combat poverty through development. To increase farmers' incomes, not only
should we proceed from the present realities and adopt concrete measures for
increasing incomes that promptly produce the desired results, but we should also
aim at the long-term future and seek permanent solutions to the problem of
increasing farmers' incomes.

To build a new socialist countryside, it is necessary to fully implement the
policies for supporting agriculture. China has on the whole reached the
development stage of using industry to boost agriculture and using cities to
stimulate rural areas. The party Central Committee and the State Council have
put forward in good time the principle of "industry nurturing agriculture and
cities supporting rural areas" and drawn up a series of specific policies and
measures for supporting agriculture. To fully implement the policies for
supporting agriculture laid down by the central authorities, we should set about
redirecting the distribution structure of national revenue by conscientiously
shifting financial expenditure, fixed assets investment, and credit flow to the
"three rural issues". We should energetically strengthen the building of rural
infrastructure and social undertakings, promote the building of roads, drinking
water, electric power grids, telecommunications, and other facilities in rural
areas at an accelerated pace, and continue to increase input into education,
culture, and health in rural areas. We should increase input into agricultural
science and technology, transform the pattern of agricultural growth at an
accelerated pace, and enhance overall agricultural production capacity.

To build a new socialist countryside, it is necessary to promote the
comprehensive rural reform in an all-round way. We should continue to stabilize
and improve the two-tier operation system that is based on the household
production contract system and combines unified management with independent
management and, on a voluntary and compensatory basis, establish a mechanism for
transferring land-use right according to law. We should further consolidate and
develop the achievements of the rural tax-for-fee reform, with the focus on
promoting the reforms of township and town organs, rural compulsory education,
county and township financial structures, and rural financial and land
expropriation systems, in order to stimulate the vigour of rural areas. We
should promote the innovation and development of various systems in rural areas
in the course of practice to provide a strong institutional guarantee for
building a new socialist countryside.

The building of a new socialist countryside is a historical process for which we
should not be impatient for success; it is also a crucial measure concerning the
overall situation of building a well-off society in an all-round way to which we
should exert ourselves to the full. In building a new socialist countryside, it
is necessary to make scientific planning and suit measures to local conditions;
in accordance with the requirement of the scientific development concept,
develop sound overall plans and specific plans for building a new socialist
countryside; not only be scientific and plan for the long-term future but also
ensure that the vast numbers of farmers get practical benefits, carry out well
pilot and demonstration projects, and solidly push them ahead on the basis of
the gained experience. In the course of planning and carrying out the building
of a new socialist countryside, it is necessary to carry out democratic
decision-making and management, suit measures to local conditions, give guidance
in various categories, and make sure that we do not insist on uniformity,
blindly compete with each other, or resort to coercion and commandism. It is
especially necessary to prevent the practice of craving for grandeur and success
or engaging in formalism and resolutely oppose the building of "vanity projects"
that waste both money and manpower, with cadres seeking false reputation while
the masses suffer actual misfortune. We should make sure that the building of a
new socialist countryside starts on a solid foundation and makes a good
beginning with extensive support from the masses of farmers.

Source: Xinhua news agency domestic service, Beijing, in Chinese 1146 gmt 2 Dec
05

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2005 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     January 27, 2015 Tuesday 11:52 AM  EST

UNION AGRICULTURE MINISTER SINGH HOLDS DISCUSSION WITH STATE AGRICULTURE
MINISTERS ON DRAFT FARM INCOME INSURANCE SCHEME

LENGTH: 260  words


NEW DELHI, Jan. 27 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

* Union Agriculture Minister Shri Radha Mohan Singh today had discussion with
State Agriculture Ministers on Draft Farm Income Insurance Scheme in Krishi
Bhawan in New Delhi. Briefing the media faternity, he said that there was broad
consensus on the following points:

* Shri Singh said that the Draft Farm Income Insurance Scheme will have two
components, that is, the price based insurance and the yield based insurance. A
committee consisting of senior agriculture officials and representatives from
state governments will be formed to look into the suggestions from the State
Government's during the meeting today. In the morning, he also had discussion
with farmer organisation on this issue. He further said that ongoing insurance
schemes will continue.

* During the discussion, the representatives from the states suggested to
implement income insurance scheme in consonance with their local needs which
include climatic, geographical conditions and crop pattern. Shri Singh said that
there has been a consensus from representatives from various States on this
aspect.

* Shri Singh informed that as a pilot project, the schemes suggested by States
will be implemented with the approval of Central Government.

Shri Ashish Bahuguna, Secretary Department of Agriculture and Cooperation,
Ministry of Agriculture was also present on this occasion. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

New return form: taxpayers bound to declare agriculture tax paid to provinces

BYLINE: SOHAIL SARFRAZ

SECTION: Vol. L No. 257

LENGTH: 357  words


Taxpayers would be bound to declare agriculture income tax paid to the provinces
in the new income tax return form issued by Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) for
individuals and Association of Persons (AoPs) for Tax Year 2014. In this regard,
the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) has issued SRO.819(I)/2014 here on Tuesday to
issue the new income tax return form.

The FBR has made it mandatory for the taxpayers to declare 'Agriculture Income
Tax Paid' under the new income tax return form issued for individuals and
Association of Persons (AoPs) to grasp issue of Agricultural Income Tax paid in
respective provinces and comparison of agricultural incomes declared in the
provinces and income disclosed in the annual income tax return to the Federal
Government. Under the new income tax return form, the return of total income/
statement of final taxation under Income Tax Ordinance 2001 (IT-2) for
individuals/AoPs deriving income under the head business and any other head has
been issued. It has specified the Agriculture Income and Agriculture Income Tax
Paid'.

Experts said that through the Finance Act, 2013 a proviso has been added to
sub-section (1) of Section 111 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 providing that
where a taxpayer explains the nature and source of the amount credited or the
investment made, money or valuable article owned or funds from which the
expenditure was made, by way of agricultural income, such explanation shall be
accepted only to the extent of agricultural income worked back on the basis of
agricultural income tax paid subject to furnishing of proof of payment of
agriculture tax under the relevant provincial law.

The following errors/omissions shall render a Return invalid & make the taxpayer
a non-filer & liable to penalty under section 182(1): Return on which NTN or
CNIC is missing or incorrect or invalid; return on which mandatory fields marked
by * are empty; return which is not signed by the Taxpayer or Representative (as
defined in section 172 of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001) of the Taxpayer;
return which is not filed in the prescribed Form and return which is not filed
in the prescribed mode.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday

Ineffective farm income tax rules

LENGTH: 1003  words

DATELINE: Karachi


    AS agreed in the Seventh NFC Award, the provincial governments are
committed to undertake effective steps to collect taxes on farm income and real
 estate to help increase country's falling tax-to-GDP ratio to 15 per cent by
the terminal year 2014-15.  So far, lack of necessary administrative and
legislative steps have prevented effective taxation of farm incomes under the
laws introduced in 2001.  The provincial governments are still unclear and have
 no plan yet for improving tax collection on the incomes of landlords and
property owners. This is despite the fact rich farmers are paying virtually
nothing in taxes.  The share of agriculture income tax revenue of the four
provinces combined in total tax collection has fallen currently to 0.07 in the
year 2010-11 from 0.28 per cent in 2000-01 when the last ordinance was
promulgated. This puts a question mark on provincial governments' claim that
tax-to-GDP ratio will be raised in the next three years.  Lacunas in
legislation, poor administrative set-up and lack of political will are the main
 factors responsible for poor revenue. Agriculture accounts for nearly 22 per
cent of GDP while contributing less than one per cent to the total taxes.
Between 1947 and 1993, the government had set up nine commissions for netting
incomes of land-owing elite. Independent economists also contributed to the
debate on the issue.  However, the whole discourse revolved around whether to
tax incomes from agriculture or levy fixed rate on cultivated land.
Consequently, the land-based fixed rates remained in vogue until 1993 but
contributed the barest minimum to the provincial revenue.  As a result of
strong public pressure, the government introduced a new legislation in 1993 for
 collecting tax on agriculture incomes. Even this law did not produce the
desired results which led to introduction of a uniform new agriculture income
tax law in 2001. The new law also did not remove altogether the discrepancies
in the previous laws; in fact it created new lacunas for tax evasion.  There
are two taxes that apply to farmers since 2001: one is land tax and the other
is the agriculture income tax (AIT). The difference in the two ordinances is
that in 1993 it was a land tax while in 2001, the tax was redefined by adding
the 'words' agriculture income. The new law stipulated the farmer to pay the
amount of tax on income, whichever is higher of the two, therefore qualifying
land tax as the income tax on agriculture.  The ambiguity started with the law
for assessment and collection of AIT. The revenue staff of the provincial
governments and boards of revenue adopted their own formula to calculate AIT on
 the basis of the flat rate applicable to land tax rather than carry out
assessment of incomes derived from annual harvests as prescribed under AIT
Ordinance. And this is because the ordinance 2001 included both, the
progressive income tax rate and the fixed acreage tax rate. This encourages
acreages tax (fixed rate on land) instead of AIT which is based on crop
assessment and filing of returns.  Another flaw in the law was created by
notifications issued in 2002 by provincial governments, which made filing of
agriculture income tax returns compulsory only for those who were in possession
 of irrigated land of more than 50 acres (100 acres non-irrigated) or had
incomes from agriculture produce in excess of Rs100, 000.  The notification
clashed with the provisions of the AIT Ordinance 2001, which did not have any
explicit provision for exemption of land from AIT returns filing -which only
provided for different slabs according to the incomes to be derived from the
land-holdings.  These notifications gave opportunity to landlords to split
their land-holdings to evade taxes by transferring ownership on paper to their
relatives and servants. The fragmentation of land also reduced the numbers of
AIT payers. For example in the Khyber Pukhtunkhwa there were only 100 people
who paid AIT in the whole province.  The focal person who collects the AIT, is
a patwari. He is a grade-four employee of the revenue department who is
underpaid, mostly uneducated and dependent on the indirect support from
land-owning elite. His office is also overburdened with other duties. He does
not have any staff or proper office or transport but has a bundle of registers
to manage. This shows the level of record keeping and tax assessment capacity.
  The revenue officials work out revenue targets in their respective areas as
per their comfort level rather than on the basis of actual tax potential.
Patwaris lack the capacity to assess tax input expenditures, production, sales
and profits of big landholders. Most of the time, official documents show 100
per cent collection of the target set by these patwaris.  Worse still, there is
 no way to check if the patwari has deposited the AIT money into the government
 treasury. Patwari collects tax on a plain paper (parchi) and no proper receipt
 is issued to the land owners. This speaks volumes about the leakages in
revenue. Official figures of the Khyber Pukhtunkhwa government show that there
was not a single prominent land-holding family in the province nor serving
provincial minister on the list of agriculture taxpayers whose number stood
around 100 for the whole province. This dismal position is almost similar in
the rest of the three provinces especially in Balochistan followed by Sindh.
These taxpayers paid tax in the range of Rs2000 to Rs10, 000 in 2010-11.
Recent studies estimate a revenue potential in the range of Rs40 billion to
Rs60 billion on the basis of the agriculture sector's contribution to the
country's GDP. But what is lacking is the political will to do away with the
anomalies in the existing tax laws and improve administrative capacity of the
revenue officers. The provincial revenue collection administration needs to be
upgraded. To introduce effective amendments in agriculture ordinance in the
four provinces these have to be harmonised for raising maximum revenue.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             March 20, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Farm aid, WTO talks top ag ministers' agenda

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: LOCAL/NATIONAL; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER (CP) -- World trade talks, bird flu and an income assistance plan for
farmers will be at the top of the agenda when agriculture ministers meet at a
B.C. resort today.

The politicians will be heading into the meeting against a backdrop of protests
by Ontario farmers, who took to the province's highways Friday to express their
frustration over a federal-provincial plan that financially supports farmers in
times of need.

"The farm income crisis is at the top of everybody's minds," Bob Friesen,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said from Glenboro, Man.

Friesen said cash-strapped farmers want the federal government to waive the
application fee for the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization Program, an
income-assistance plan.

"Canadian farmers are coming out of the worst three years in net income in 100
years and they're competing against U.S. farmers who are coming out of the best
three years when it comes to farm income," he said.

"We're telling agriculture ministers: 'Do something about it and do something
urgently. Make a bankable announcement very, very quickly because farmers are
wondering what they're going to do this summer.' "

Friesen said he's expecting the Conservative government to deliver on its
pre-election promises to help financially hard-up farmers.

"They showed commitment to agriculture when they were in opposition and we have
no reason to think that they aren't currently totally committed to agriculture,
but that will require action and that's what we're looking for."

Pat Bell, B.C.'s agriculture minister, said the application fee is nominal and
that he doesn't have a big issue with seeing it waived.

Bell conceded some aspects of the assistance program established three years ago
don't work well but that its overall principles are fine.

"We need to simplify the paperwork and ensure that dollars are flowing in a more
timely fashion," he said.

While farmers in the rest of the country have taken a financial hit, B.C.
farmers are fairing well and don't need as much financial help, he said.

"British Columbia has the most profitable industry in Canada of the 10
provinces. We are in a fairly enviable state from that perspective and we want
to maintain and improve upon that position. So from my perspective effective
utilization of income stabilization is important."

Lisa Bishop-Spencer, spokesperson for the Chicken Farmers of Canada, said
negotiations at the World Trade Organization in Geneva in April are top of mind
for poultry, egg and dairy producers concerned about tariffs and quotas.

"Our farmers are extremely concerned that this next round of negotiations is
going to really significantly impact their ability to produce the food that
Canadians want," she said. "We have a new government in power and that
government needs to know that . . . we can't limit our ability to receive a fair
price from the market place and that over 70 per cent of the agriculture
products that are produced in Canada are consumed by Canadians."

Only 7.5 per cent of the chicken produced here is exported, mainly to the United
States and Mexico, Bishop-Spencer said, adding that agriculture ministers
throughout Canada need to consider what's at stake in the export and domestic
markets when deals are negotiated.

As for concerns about the bird flu, Bishop-Spencer said provincial and federal
counterparts need to work together "to ensure that we have all the correct
mechanisms in place to mitigate a crisis if and when that happens."

Bell said there may be biosecurity lessons for B.C. from other provinces.

"There are some jurisdictions that have gone further than us," he said. "Quebec
is one that has moved their free-range birds indoors so that would be an example
of a strategy that we may have to employ at some point."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Role of ZTBL in agriculture sector for economic development of Pakistan

BYLINE: RABIA RASHEED

SECTION: Vol. XXVI No. 126

LENGTH: 714  words


BEING sole public sector agriculture de velopment financing institution, ZTBL
(formerly Agriculture Development Bank of Pakistan) has played its significant
role in providing the requisites leverage to the farming community. About 50
years earlier, agricultural sector was not considered as a commercial sector for
economic development in a large number of developing and developed nations.

During the last 50 years this sector is realized as a major productive sector of
Pakistani economy. Almost 61% population is living in more than 50,000 villages
in Pakistan.

According to Economic Survey 20010-11, backward agricultural sector contributes
20.9 % to GDP. Its growth rate is as low as 1.2 %.It employs the 45.0 % of total
labor force. Its contribution to exports (Food Group) is 8.62 %.At the time of
partition, contribution of agriculture sector to GNP was 60%, which decreased to
29.4% in 1980-81. Now its share to GDP is 20.9% in 2010-11.

Accordingly, agricultural sector is the major contributor to Pakistans national
income. Agriculture sector provides employment to major portion of our labor
force.

More than 45.0% of our labor force is directly involved in agriculture sector,
while 66.7% of our rural population is dependent on agriculture.

This is the major sector, which provides employment to a large portion of our
population. Agriculture sector is helpful to reduce the unemployment and
disguised unemployment.

Role of agricultural sector in capital formation cannot be ignored. It increases
the incomes of the people that lead to more saving and more investment. Here,
more investment leads to rapid capital formation. Capital formation rate in
Pakistan is 5%.Total investment is only 13.4% of GDP in Pakistan. This low
investment is mainly due to low income and low savings.

Agricultural sector increases the income of people that caused in more saving
and more investment. Accordingly, agricultural sector is helpful in increasing
the investment.

There is no direct tax on the agricultural income. But indirectly government
receives a huge amount of tax form agricultural sector. It imposed some duties
on imported technologies applied in farming. It imposes tax on chemicals etc.

So agriculture sector is also a source of income for the government. The Zarai
Taraqiati Bank Limited (ZTBL) (formerly known as Agricultural Development Bank
of Pakistan) is the largest public sector financial development institution in
Pakisan.It serves around half a million clients annually and has over one
million accumulated account holders and a wide network in the country.

The bank offers a variety of products and services, Agricultural Credit Schemes,
Deposits, and Loan schemes, Home remittance, Hajj applications. It is the only
institution playing a vital role by providing a combination of technology along
with credit for enhancing the agriculture productivity in Pakistan.

The role of the government is vital in this very important sector. The Zarai
Taraqiati Bank is still the most important source of credit to agricultural
entrepreneurs which needs to be reorganized and strengthened, because any
private entity would always be looking for other possibilities to make profits
instead of catering the needs of the agric ZTBL is considered one of the most
important institutional sources of credit for agriculture in Pakistan. The
enhanced credit to the agriculture sector if channeled through ZTBL will benefit
Pakistans economy as a whole.

It is felt that any agriculture development target or requisite policy
initiatives can not be worked upon until and unless the role of ZTBL is expanded
more towards development lending. For the majority access to affordable rural
finance services is also important to enable them to compete in the postworld
trade organization scenario. Inability to compete because of high financial
costs could reduce income of the majority of farmers and rural clients,
particularly the small and subsistence clients. Lack of access to affordable
rural finance services will also prevent the clients from sustaining to nonfarm
activities.

The recurring financial drain, perusing the old rural finance paradigm and the
narrowing fiscal space have also promoted a shift in Government strategy that
now seeks viable intermediaries for enhancing outreach.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 24, 2006 Sunday

Chinese central rural work conference discloses "three major signals"

LENGTH: 1464 words


Text of report by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)
Asia-Pacific service

Beijing, 23 December: The central rural work conference concluded on 23
December. When making agricultural and rural work arrangements for next year,
the conference explicitly pointed out the need to make great efforts to
transform the agricultural growth pattern, build a modern agriculture, and
promote agriculture towards good and fast development.

The relevant experts attending the conference said that China's agricultural and
rural development is in a crucial period of in-depth changes. The central
authorities proposed using a modern concept to guide agricultural development
and continue to stabilize, improve, and strengthen the policy of providing
support and benefit for agriculture. Three major signals on agricultural and
rural development have been released from the conference:

Signal One: Developing a modern agriculture has become a task of primary
importance in building a new countryside

The current conference explicitly pointed out that building a modern agriculture
is a task of primary importance in pushing forward the construction of a new
countryside.

Bringing the development of a modern agriculture into such prominence
undoubtedly signifies a major change in China's agricultural and rural
development. The participants pointed out that this change corresponds with the
objective trend of China's economic development.

Viewing from the macro-level, China has entered a rapid development period of
industrialization, urbanization, marketization, and internationalization. Major
and in-depth changes have taken place in agriculture and rural areas. China is
in a transitional period of traditional agriculture rapidly transforming into a
modern agriculture, and traditional rural society rapidly transforming into a
modern society.

In such a situation, it is, obviously, difficult for the traditional
agricultural growth pattern to tackle so many challenges. To bring about good
and fast agricultural development, there is a need to transform traditional
agriculture and embark on a road of modern agriculture characterized by higher
labour productivity, higher resources utilization rates, and higher
commercialization rates of products.

Viewing from China's inherent agricultural basis, through many years of
development and accumulation, particularly with the central authorities
providing "core of the focus" support, the agricultural basis has been gradually
strengthened. Sa far the progressive rate of agricultural science and technology
has reached 48 per cent, agricultural production conditions and basic facilities
have improved, and the material equipment supporting capability has prominently
increased. A responsible person of the Ministry of Agricultural said that China
is already equipped with the conditions for speeding up its modern agricultural
development.

Viewing from the development perspective set by the current conference, China
will use more modern material conditions to equip its agriculture, use modern
science and technology to transform its agriculture, use a modern production
system to upgrade its agricultural, use modern operational methods to promote
its agriculture, use a modern development concept to guide its agriculture, use
the cultivation of new-type farmers to develop its agriculture, and enhance its
agricultural water conservancy, mechanization, informatization, land
productivity, and agricultural labour productivity. These target-oriented ideas
and measures will fundamentally improve China's agricultural quality,
efficiency, and competitiveness.

Signal Two: The stable increase in grain production and the continuous increase
in the farmers' incomes still have room for consolidation and exploration

The Development and Reform Commission recently predicted that the Chinese
farmers' per capita net income will increase by 300 yuan this year. Information
from the Ministry of Agriculture also indicates that a stable increase in
China's grain production this year is a foregone conclusion. This means that
China has maintained a good situation of a continuous increase in grain
production for three consecutive years.

This rarely seen good situation is really gratifying. But from a detailed
analysis, we can easily discover that the increase in grain production still
falls under the category of "recovery" growth, and the farmers mostly benefited
from the "blood transfusion" of the agricultural support policy in the increase
of their incomes, whereas the inherent growth channel of agriculture still
remains narrow. The responsible person of the Ministry of Agriculture frankly
said that the basis of increases in grain production and the farmers' incomes is
not stable enough.

With regard to the two "key" issues of grain and income increases, the central
rural work conference explicitly pointed out the need to pay close attention to
grain production and make every possible effort to increase the farmers'
incomes. Judging from the information disclosed by the conference, the policy of
"four subsidies," directly aimed at mobilizing the farmers' initiative in grain
production, will be implemented to the letter ("four subsidies" refer to direct
subsidy for grain growers and subsidies in good variety of grain, agricultural
machinery, and agricultural funding). To strengthen agriculture's ability to
resist natural disasters, the state has widened the experimental scope of
agricultural policy-related insurance. Farmer households participating the
insurance are entitled to insurance premium subsidies.

Besides augmenting policy support, the participants pointed out that the plan on
speeding up the construction of a modern agriculture drawn up by the central
authorities will improve the comprehensive grain production capability and
comprehensive agricultural effectiveness, thus fundamentally securing the basis
of grain and income increases.

The responsible person of the Ministry of Agriculture said that developing a
modern agriculture will help tap the "human resources potential" in the
agricultural production field and widen the avenue for "income increases" in
various links of agricultural production. Under China's actual conditions, in
seeking grain and income increases from within agriculture through developing a
modern agriculture, there is still much room for something great to be done.

Signal Three: "Solicitude" will focus on rural social undertakings; farmers'
personal interests will be better protected under three "high gold content"
policies

An important component in building a new countryside is to resolve the "lame
duck" issue in rural social undertakings development.

Subsequent to the proposal of last year's central rural work conference on
transferring more state construction capital to rural areas, the current
conference explicitly raised the principle of "three highers," namely, the
increase in financial investment for agriculture should continue to remain
higher than that of last year, the increase in state investment in fixed assets
for rural areas should continue to remain higher than that of last year, and the
increase in the revenue from land rentals for rural construction should continue
to remain higher than that of last year.

The "three highers" will help ensure the stability, improvement, and
strengthening of various policies on providing support and benefit for
agriculture next year. Of these policies, widening public service for the
countryside will become a conspicuous "bright spot." Judging from the
information disclosed by the current conference, at least three "high gold
content" policies will directly provide more protection for the farmers'
personal interests next year.

-  Besides exempting the school fees and miscellaneous charges for rural
compulsory education throughout the country, 148 million elementary and
secondary students during the rural compulsory educational period will be
entitled to free education in the true sense of the words. Students of poor
families will get their textbooks free and boarding students of poor families in
central and western regions will get higher standards of living allowances.

-  A minimum living allowance system will be established in rural areas
throughout the country. So far 9.85 million people in more than 2,000 counties
throughout the country enjoy the minimum living allowances. This system will be
popularized throughout the country next year.

-  A new type of rural cooperative healthcare will be introduced to 80 per cent
of counties (cities, regions) throughout the country. "Difficulties in seeking
medical treatment and high costs for medication," a problem that has long
troubled the farmers, will be alleviated.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in Chinese 1159 gmt 23 Dec 06

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Reaction mixed to farm aid plans

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 674  words


Saskatchewan farm groups are divided over the direction of future farm safety
net programs, which federal and provincial agriculture ministers agreed upon in
Whistler, B.C., last week.

The Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan (APAS), the province's
largest farm organization, generally approved of the policy that emerged from
the annual agriculture ministers' meeting, which wrapped up Friday.

But the Saskatoon-based National Farmers Union (NFU) said the new blueprint for
Canada's agriculture policy, called "Growing Forward,'' lacks goals that would
lead to higher farm incomes.

Growing Forward would replace the five-year Agricultural Policy Framework (APF),
which expires next year and has been roundly criticized as inadequate by farm
groups and many provinces.

Growing Forward will consist of a number of farm safety net programs, including
AgriInvest, a savings account for producers that would cover small income
declines and support on-farm investments, similar to NISA (net income
stabilization accounts).

Other components of the policy include AgriStability, the margin-based income
support program that succeeds the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization
(CAIS) program, and AgriRecovery, a new disaster relief program the details of
which remain to be negotiated.

Glenn Blakely, president of APAS, said the organization, like the Canadian
Federation of Agriculture, supported the overall policy direction of Growing
Forward.

"The devil is in the details, but anything we saw there wasn't anything that we
couldn't agree with,'' said Blakely, who met with the agriculture ministers
prior to the Whistler meetings. "We'll have to see what it looks like when they
put the nuts and bolts in place."

Specifically, Blakely said APAS likes the concept of the NISA-type AgriInvest
program and the ministers' commitment to providing disaster relief through the
AgriRecovery program.

Farmers also want to see the new program up and running before the old APF is
put out to pasture, Blakely said. "We want to see a seamless transfer from the
APF to the Growing Forward plan.''

Blakely admitted there is still disagreement about the 60-40 split in
federal-provincial cost sharing of farm safety net programs and what share of
disaster relief the federal government should bear.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman has consistently maintained that
the 60-40 split unfairly burdens Saskatchewan taxpayers, who pay more than five
times the Canadian average for farm safety programs.

Federal Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl conceded that the 60-40 split may not
be appropriate for disaster relief programs, but no formula for disaster relief
was agreed upon.

"We realize that, per capita, we do pay more than the other provinces, but at
the same time, can we afford to drop the ball on it?" Blakely said.

"I don't believe we can with the ag industry as important as it is.''

But Stewart Wells, a Swift Current-area farmer and president of the NFU, said
the federal government seems to be backing away from its pledge to scrap CAIS
and is simply putting new names on old programs.

"It seems like what they're spending all their time on is just changing the
names of the various programs and leaving the rest of the programs basically
intact.''

For example, AgriInvest and AgriStability, the new programs to replace NISA and
CAIS, both require producers to put in their own money to trigger any
contribution from the government.

"Why are Canadian farmers treated differently than farmers in the U.S. or Europe
or anywhere else?'' Wells said.

Wells said the CFA and APAS seem to be "toeing the line'' when it comes to
supporting the rebranding of old, discredited farm safety net programs.

"They're great ones for saying that Canadian farmers need competitive policies,
or policies that would make them competitive with farmers from other
jurisdictions,'' Wells said.

"But then they turn around and support these programs, which are clearly
penalizing Canadian farmers because they have to front-end load the programs in
order to stay in.''

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          December 12, 1979 Wednesday

Less of 1979 income found spent on food

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 302 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ON


OTTAWA (CP) - Canadians are spending less of their income on food at the
 end of 1979 than they did at the start of the decade, says assistant
 deputy agriculture minister Dirk Maasland.

Since 1970, food prices have climbed 133 per cent, but average
 earnings have risen 142 per cent and personal income after taxes has
 increased 180 per cent, he told the annual agriculture outlook
 conference.

Mr. Maasland predicted that food price increases in 1980 will be
 slightly lower than this year's 13 per cent rise. Behind the increases
 will be higher prices for beef, grain and energy and higher interest
 rates and marketing costs.

Yvonne Miles, president of the Consumers Association of Canada, said
 Mr. Maasland's prediction of a 10 to 12 per cent food price rise this
 year is low. Higher wage and salary settlements will push up the costs of
 food processing and retailing as well as the cost of production formulas
 for eggs, chicken and dairy products.

Food prices have risen 30 per cent in the past two years and it is
 unlikely that they will slow down enough to reach Mr. Maasland's
 prediction, she said. While it is true that Canadians are spending less
 of their incomes on food, those on fixed or limited incomes 'may not be
 getting enough nutrition.'
  Agriculture Minister John Wise said agriculture and the rest of the food
 production chain will have top priority if the federal Government has to
 introduce fuel rationing. But he thinks rationing is unlikely.

Because food production is vital to the country, the energy needed to
 grow food would be made available. Any fuel allocation would be made by
 the energy allocation board that the Government will soon appoint, Mr.
 Wise said.

There are many sectors of the economy that would want fuel, he said,
 but common sense dictates that agriculture and food have
 priority.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 2, 2011 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Farming income is on a big rise Global demand fuels a 30 percent increase.

BYLINE: By Georgina Gustin ggustin@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8195

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: 0


The U.S. Department of Agriculture said this week that it expects American
farmers' net income to rise to $100.9 billion, up nearly 30 percent from last
year, reaffirming the bright spot that agriculture represents in an otherwise
gloomy global economy.

"These are historic times for agriculture. Net farm income is listed above $100
billion for the first time, and exports are continuing to set records every
year," said Dennis Vercler of the Illinois Farm Bureau. "This is a story about
agriculture's strength in a time when most of the economy, in the nation and
around the world, is having problems."

Strong demand from overseas - and a growing appetite for meat among newly
middle-class Chinese - are helping fuel a record high export figure of $137.4
billion, continuing U.S. agriculture's year-over-year trade surplus.

"What this is telling us is that the world needs and wants what we're
producing," said Blake Hurst, president of the Missouri Farm Bureau. "And I
think those trends will continue."

Still, Hurst and others pointed out, Missouri farmers had a tough year. The
agriculture department does not forecast state-by-state projections, and state
figures won't be available for several months.

"The income forecast is, of course, good news," Hurst said. "But Missouri
farmers may not fully benefit from these, because of the various weather
problems we've had. We estimate 300,000 acres were lost to flooding this year."

Flooding of the Missouri River in the northwestern part of the state, and the
Mississippi River in the southeast, doused some of the state's most productive
crop land, and will probably put a dent in Missouri's overall net farm income,
which last year hit $2.2 billion.

Drought conditions that crept up from Texas into the southwestern part of the
state, where much of the cattle industry is based, also will affect Missouri
incomes, Hurst said.

"Overall if you're a crop farmer, you're better off than if you're a livestock
farmer," he said. "It's never even, but that's how farming is."

The costs of input - from fuel to fertilizer - also have risen, which means
farmers aren't pocketing all the gains, even as their personal incomes are
climbing. Household income this year is forecast to increase 1.2 percent in
2011. Last year it rose 3.1 percent. The farm households in which the majority
of a family's income came from commercial farming - rather than off-farm jobs -
rose 11.5 percent in 2010 to a median average of $78,466, according to the USDA.

"We're making money," Vercler said.

Though not everybody is.

In addition to higher input costs, soaring farm land values mean that many
farmers are paying more to rent land.

"If you're someone who owns land, then clearly you're way ahead," said Pat
Westhoff, director of the Food and Agricultural Policy Research Institute at the
University of Missouri. "But if you're renting the land, you're having to share
some of the profits with your landlord."

While farmers acknowledge a good run in recent years, they underscore the
cyclical nature of agriculture - and, as always, are bracing for their situation
to change. Energy costs, in particular, could shoot up, putting a serious dent
in incomes.

"There's the glass-half-empty part of the story," Westhoff said. "While we're
looking at record nominal farm income, and even record income in real terms,
there are some signs of vulnerability."

With costs for fuel, land and fertilizer on the rise, any dip in commodity
prices could hurt.

"Things can turn down in a hurry," Westhoff said.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graphic by Post-Dispatch - Farm income up

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              China Business News

                     November 28, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Ministry of Agriculture: Int'l forum Discusses Rural-Urban Income Gap Market
Integration

LENGTH: 766  words


Beijing, Nov. 28 -- Policy Forum on Rural-urban Income Gaps and Smallholder
Market Integration in Asia was convened in Beijing from Nov.13 to 14, 2013.

The Forum was jointly hosted by Agricultural Trade Promotion Center (ATPC) of
MOA, Economic and Social Development Department of Food and Agriculture
Organization of the United Nations (FAO-EST) and FAO Regional Office for Asia
and the Pacific (FAO-RAP). In-depth discussion was conducted on global and
regional rural-urban income gap, income gap in China, the integration of
smallholders in the market economy and its related policies.



FAO Representative in China Mr.Percy Misika and Policy Officer at FAO-RAP
Ms.Nanae Yabuki delivered speeches at the Opening Ceremony. In their speeches,
they both stressed that narrowing rural-urban income gap and promoting the
integration of smallholders into the market economy are common challenges faced
by China and the rest of the world.

China is now in a period of industrialization, informatisation, urbanization and
agricultural modernization. It is important for China to balance economic
development and stability and sustainability. Rural-urban income gap and the
process of market integration can have significant impact on market stability.
Therefore, China and FAO need to enhancepolicy communication and discussion on
bridging rural-urban income gap and promoting market integration to share
experiences and lessons.

In his speech titled "China's Small Scale Agriculture in an Open Economy", ATPC
Deputy Director-General Xu Hongyuan pointed out China has a rural urban dual
social and economic structure and its agriculture is mainly small scale
production. Agricultural trade in China has maintained a fast growth in recent
years with an average annual growth rate of 18% during 2001-2012. Increasing
demand and climbing domestic production cost are the driving forces for import
growth.

Xu also emphasized that against the backdrop of a highly-open agriculture in
China, MOA should keep close watch on price transmission from international to
domestic market, price-ceiling effect of import price upon domestic price and
farmers incentives to ensure sustainable development of agriculture in China.

In his speech, Mr. Will Martin, Research Manager of Development Research Group
of the World Bank (WB) underlined that improvement in agricultural productivity
benefits the poor much more than gains in other sectors, in particular for
developing countries. Among all factors for poverty reduction, decrease of food
cost and wage growth have the most notable effects on poverty alleviation.

During the discussion on rural-urban income gap in China, Mr.Zuhui Huang,
Director of China Institute for Rural Development, Zhejiang University, pointed
out that rural labor forces are mainly engaged in non-farming activities, which
has greatly helped poverty reduction in China. He also clarified that wage
income is the reason for income gap between different rural regions,but not for
rural-urban income gap.

Prof. Zhong Funing from Nanjing Agricultural University highlighted that the
root cause of widening rural-urban income gap is that the speed of the transfer
of rural labor force and decrease of rural population can not keep up with the
decreasing rate of the share of agriculture in the nation's GDP.

Experts from Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences,MOA Research Center for
Rural Economy, and China National Grain and Oils Information Centeranalyzed
rural-urban income gap, smallholder market integration and value chain from
different perspectives, and come up with practical suggestions.

The Forum served as a platform for communication among agricultural policy
experts, which provided insights, new perspectives and approaches concerning
agricultural trade policies to researchersand policy-makers.

More than 100 participants attended the Forum,representing international
organizations, government departments, institutes and universities including FAO
(headquarters), FAO-RAP, WB,International Food Policy Research Institute
(IFPRI), U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), the University of the Thai
Chamber of Commerce (UTCC), Thailand Development Research Institute
(TDRI),Chinese Academy of Sciences, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, Chinese
Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS),MOA Research Center for Rural Economy,
China National Grain and Oils Information Center, China Agricultural University,
Zhejiang University, Renmin University of China, Nanjing Agricultural
University, University of International Business and Economics(UIBE), and
provincial agricultural authorities.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

PM's pledge: panel for doubling farm income estimating base figure to measure
real increase

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Nov. 4 -- The crucial question of how much would a farmer earn if his
income is indeed doubled by 2022 as promised by the Modi government will soon be
answered.


 The eight-member panel set up to formulate a strategy to achieve the goal is
working on calculating the base income of farming households in India that would
be used as a benchmark to measure increased income.
 "We realise that it is very important to have quantifiable parameters to
measure change. The committee is examining all the data available on farmers
income and the analysis carried out by various experts to come up with a base
income and quantifiable parameters. It will be part of the final report to be
submitted in March 2017," an Agriculture Ministry official told BusinessLine.
 When the goal of doubling farmers' income was announced in this year's Budget,
several critics had pointed out that it would be meaningless without a base
income for comparing growth. Questions were also raised on what would be
construed as farm income and whether growth would be calculated in real or
nominal terms. While there are no full surveys available on farmers' income, for
calculating base income the panel will try to make do with sample surveys
carried out by the National Sample Survey Organisation.
 "The NSSO has assessment surveys of agriculture families. That is one data that
we would consult. There are many researchers who made their own interpretations
of the available data and also what all to include in income and exclude. We
will look at all that to come up with the base income, say on March 31, 2016. It
would then become the benchmark for doubling of income," the official said,
adding that it will definitely be evidence based.
 The doubling of income of farmers would be in net terms and include an increase
in earnings as well as decline in costs of farming, the official said. "The
measurement is also likely to be in real and not nominal terms as inflation has
to be adjusted to get the true picture of increase," the official said.
 To elicit views of States and other stakeholders on the strategy for doubling
farm income, the Agriculture Ministry has asked NABARD to organise regional
conferences in different parts of the country. Such conferences have already
taken place in Bhuvaneshwar. Lucknow. Bengaluru and Jaipur and would soon cover
the country, the official said.
 The panel on doubling farm income, which is headed by Agriculture Additional
Secretary Ashok Dalwai, has been asked to identify potential areas for greater
investment in agriculture and suggest ways to reduce the risk of farming by
diversifying to horticulture and allied activities to boost income.
 It will also propose measures for reducing the cost of cultivation and
addressing unpredictability of weather and price fluctuations in farm sector.
 The panel include officials from the agriculture and food Ministries, experts
from the National Council of Applied Economic Research and National Institute of
Agricultural Economics and Policy Research.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Abstract

BYLINE:  Zakir Khan - Peshawar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXVII No. 778

LENGTH: 263  words


An analysis is made of the many ways agriculture can help to achieve the broad
objectives of economic progress, based on an examination of the traditional
peasant agriculture, its incentives, labour force, marketing systems,
investments, and response to innovation. Each function is related to others at
various periods of development and attention is drawn to the need for new
approaches to land reform, food production, private vs. public ownership, etc.
Among other topics examined are land clearance, price fixing, transport,
education, imports and exports, density of urban centres, agricultural
machinery, labour mobility, consumer goods as incentives, village governments,
the varied effects of US grain exports, and the import of technicians.

Part I emphasizes the early stages of economic development, when agriculture,
occupying one-half to three-quarters of the population and generating at least
half the national income, is the dominant sector of the economy.

This situation is found in most nations of Asia and Africa and several in Latin
America.

The analysis of traditional agriculture in Part II and of the modernization
process in Part III, though specific to low-income nations, is also relevant to
the middle-income nations, in which agriculture has declined significantly in
its relative importance.

As incomes rise, however, direct welfare objectives with regard to the low-
income people in agriculture, and the greater ability of the non-farm sector to
generate its own capital resources, will tend to encourage greater net
investment in agricultural development.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Abstract

BYLINE:  Zakir Khan - Peshawar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXVII No. 778

LENGTH: 263  words


An analysis is made of the many ways agriculture can help to achieve the broad
objectives of economic progress, based on an examination of the traditional
peasant agriculture, its incentives, labour force, marketing systems,
investments, and response to innovation. Each function is related to others at
various periods of development and attention is drawn to the need for new
approaches to land reform, food production, private vs. public ownership, etc.
Among other topics examined are land clearance, price fixing, transport,
education, imports and exports, density of urban centres, agricultural
machinery, labour mobility, consumer goods as incentives, village governments,
the varied effects of US grain exports, and the import of technicians.

Part I emphasizes the early stages of economic development, when agriculture,
occupying one-half to three-quarters of the population and generating at least
half the national income, is the dominant sector of the economy.

This situation is found in most nations of Asia and Africa and several in Latin
America.

The analysis of traditional agriculture in Part II and of the modernization
process in Part III, though specific to low-income nations, is also relevant to
the middle-income nations, in which agriculture has declined significantly in
its relative importance.

As incomes rise, however, direct welfare objectives with regard to the low-
income people in agriculture, and the greater ability of the non-farm sector to
generate its own capital resources, will tend to encourage greater net
investment in agricultural development.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Abstract

BYLINE:  Zakir Khan - Peshawar

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Vol. XXVII No. 778

LENGTH: 263  words


An analysis is made of the many ways agriculture can help to achieve the broad
objectives of economic progress, based on an examination of the traditional
peasant agriculture, its incentives, labour force, marketing systems,
investments, and response to innovation. Each function is related to others at
various periods of development and attention is drawn to the need for new
approaches to land reform, food production, private vs. public ownership, etc.
Among other topics examined are land clearance, price fixing, transport,
education, imports and exports, density of urban centres, agricultural
machinery, labour mobility, consumer goods as incentives, village governments,
the varied effects of US grain exports, and the import of technicians.

Part I emphasizes the early stages of economic development, when agriculture,
occupying one-half to three-quarters of the population and generating at least
half the national income, is the dominant sector of the economy.

This situation is found in most nations of Asia and Africa and several in Latin
America.

The analysis of traditional agriculture in Part II and of the modernization
process in Part III, though specific to low-income nations, is also relevant to
the middle-income nations, in which agriculture has declined significantly in
its relative importance.

As incomes rise, however, direct welfare objectives with regard to the low-
income people in agriculture, and the greater ability of the non-farm sector to
generate its own capital resources, will tend to encourage greater net
investment in agricultural development.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              July 22, 2011 Friday

Farm size and productivity

BYLINE: fe Bureau

LENGTH: 1188  words


Ramesh Chand, PA Lakshmi Prasanna & Aruna Singh

The share of agriculture and allied sectors in GDP stands at less than 20%,
while more than 50% of the workforce is still engaged in agriculture. Because of
this imbalance in structural changes in output and occupations, the disparity
between per worker income in agriculture and non-agriculture has sharply
increased. Accompanied by a slowdown in the growth rate of agriculture, this has
put serious strain on smallholders' income and livelihood. Against this
background, we revisit the debate on farm size and agriculture productivity to
suggest policy measures to address the twin problems of raising productivity and
growth of agriculture as well as improving the income and livelihood of
smallholders, who constitute more than 80% of farming households, 50% of rural
households and 36% of total households in India.

It has been hypothesised in some studies that many of the advantages of
smallholders disappear as countries develop and it becomes more efficient to
have larger and more mechanised farms. This has been experienced in western
economies where economic transformation has been associated with an increase in
the size of holdings with a near obliteration of smaller farms. But, as can be
seen from Table 3, the experience of Asia has been totally different from the
western economies.

China continues to have a much lower size of landholding than India but its
agricultural productivity and growth are significantly higher. Between 2000 and
2009, China recorded a 4.4% annual growth in GDP agriculture compared to 2.9% in
India. Per hectare productivity of major crops in China is 6-190% higher than
India. Similarly, China's productivity in all the crops except soybean is much
higher than the average productivity in the world. China also has a high
concentration of workforce in agriculture, like India, but this has not come in
the way of improving the livelihood of smallholders and the rural population.
The country has reduced the level of poverty (based on the World Bank measure of
per day income of $1.25 in terms of PPP 2005) from 84.0% to 15.9% between
1981-2005. Compared to China, India's record in reducing poverty has been
dismal. The incidence of poverty in India in the year 1980 based on the norm of
$1.25 per day per person income was much lower than China (59.8%) but in the
next 25 years India's poverty level turned out to be much higher than China.

China's experience shows that there are ways to eliminate poverty even with high
concentrations of workforce in agriculture and predominance of marginal
holdings. It also offers some interesting lessons for India's policy towards
smallholders. The tiny size of holdings did not constrain the attainment of high
level of productivity and growth of the agriculture sector. Second, unlike
developed countries in the west, the farming population in Asia has a strong
preference to hold agricultural land. It is, thus, imperative to look for ways
and means to improve productivity and livelihoods of smallholders without
worrying too much about the size of the holdings per se.

Between 1970-71 and 2005-06, the total number of operational holdings in India
increased from 71.01 million to 128.89 million and operational holding area
declined from 162.18 million ha to 156.62 million ha. This resulted in the
reduction of the average farm size from 2.28 ha to 1.21 ha, while the share of
small and marginal holdings in the operated area doubled. Smallholders now
cultivate 42% of operated land and constitute 83% of total landholdings (Table
2). The growth in rural population is the main factor underlying an increase in
the number of holdings in India.Note that since 1970-71, both, the number of
landholdings and rural population increased exactly at the same rate (1.76%).
This broadly reflects the inheritance pattern in India.

We have estimated productivity and input use in all the crops grown by farmers
on an annual basis to compare across farm size categories. In Indian agriculture
, the overall productivity of a farm depends on the use of yield enhancing
inputs like fertiliser, access to irrigation, technology, crop intensity and
choice of crops. All of them decline with an increase in farm size.

As Table 1 shows, land productivity is inversely related to farm size class. Per
hectare value of crop output was R25,173 at holdings below 0.4 ha and R18,921 at
holdings of size 0.4 ha to 1 ha. As the farm size increased towards 2 ha,
productivity declined to less than R17,000 per hectare. In large farms (4 ha to
10 ha) the value of aggregate crop production declined to R13,500 per hectare.
Farmers operating on landholdings above 10 ha (very large size category) were
found to have very low productivity (R7,722)-about half the productivity at
large holdings and less than one-third the productivity in the bottom farm size
category. Agriculture productivity in marginal and small holdings was found to
be much higher than the average productivity for all size categories.It seems
that emerging changes in labour market and rising demand for labour will further
increase the advantage of smallholders.

But, smallholders earn an awfully low amount of income from agriculture on a per
capita basis, primarily due to a very adverse land-man ratio (Table 1). Based on
the Tendulkar Committee norm, we find that a minimum 0.8 ha of land area is
needed to keep a farm family above the poverty line, if this family lives only
on agricultural income. This implies that 62% of farmers in India, who own less
than 0.80 ha of cultivable land, would be under poverty if they do not have an
opportunity to earn income outside agriculture. This figure is going to rise
with the division of landholdings.

It is clear that with the present level of productivity, three-fourths of
smallholders cannot meet their livelihood from farm income alone. There are
mainly two ways to improve their income. One, an increase in the land-man ratio,
which is possible only if a sizeable segment of smallholders is moved out of
agriculture. Two, provide alternative sources of employment to smallholders in
or around their habitation to supplement their farm income. The experience of
past six decades in India and of China show that the strategy of raising the
land-man ratio by shifting a sizeable number of farmer cultivators away from
agriculture has not worked. Despite the rapid growth of the economy during the
last three decades, the size of landholding in China is only 0.6 ha. Similarly,
the acceleration in India's economic growth after the early 1990s could not
check the growth in population of smallholders. India needs to take serious
steps to create employment avenues for smallholders outside agriculture but
within the countryside itself so  the workforce in smallholder households partly
works on the farm and partly outside farm.

This is an edited extract of an article that first appeared in the June 25,
2011, edition of the Economic & Political Weekly

The authors are with the National Centre for Agricultural Economics and Policy
Research

rc@ncap.res.in, lakshmi@ ncap.res.in, arunasingh_11@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: Untaxed farm income rises to Rs3.6tr

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, June 27 -- Agriculture sector produced much more money than last year,
beating even the manufacturing sector, but the agriculture income went almost
untaxed in the financial year 2011.

The State Bank on Saturday reported surprising agriculture growth despite
massive floods and their impact which the government claimed resulted in a loss
of $10 billion.

The report said the agriculture sector produced goods valued at Rs3.698 trillion
in the fiscal year 2011 which was 24 per cent higher than the previous year and
even higher than the manufacturing sector.

The manufacturing sector, which showed an income growth of 27.3 per cent
compared to the previous year, produced total goods worth Rs3.167

trillion.

The untaxed agriculture income was 16.7 per cent higher than the manufacturing
sector which is almost 100 per cent in the tax net.

The huge untaxed agriculture income has put enormous burden on tax-payers and
common people who are subject to ever-increasing indirect taxes, including the
double digit inflation.

Either the government has been printing money or borrowing from commercial banks
and the State Bank or increasing indirect taxes to minimise its fiscal gap which
has already breached the revised target of 5.5 per cent of the GDP.

The State Bank reported that major crops showed 31.6 per cent increase in their
income while minor crops recorded an income growth of Rs38.5 per cent.

The overall contribution of crops' income rose to Rs1.788 trillion in the fiscal
year 2011. However, it remained below the value produced by the livestock.

The livestock showed a growth of 17.5 per cent in its income which cumulatively
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              December 21, 1996, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Report wrong - '95 income didn't rise, farmers say

BYLINE: By Jim Morris CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - An Agriculture Canada survey that says farm income rose in 1995 is
an attempt to wrap glistening paper around a drab Christmas gift, says the
National Farmers Union.

The survey says the average net cash income for Canada's farmers was $26,396 in
1995, up $2,900 from 1993.

Large revenue increases from sales of grains, oilseeds, hogs and potatoes were
responsible for the rise.

"We saw quite an improvement in the farm financial situation of Canadian
farmers," said Dave Culver of Agriculture Canada in releasing the survey
yesterday.

"In general, farm prices were good, the production-level yields were fairly
favorable and it was a period of relatively low interest rates."

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale called the survey "basically good
news."

But Darrin Qualman, executive secretary of the National Farmers Union, called
the use of net cash income figures misleading because they don't take into
account depreciation and changes in inventory value, as does net farm income.

"It's a completely meaningless number," Qualman said from Saskatoon.

He pointed to Statistics Canada figures that show the total Canadian farm net
income dropping to $2.9 billion in 1995 from $3.6 billion in 1993, a 24 per cent
reduction.

"Everybody else uses net farm income," Qualman said.

"Net farm income is down substantially over the study period. Rather than report
that, they chose to use net cash income, which is not any sort of indicator of
the income of farm families."

Larry Maguire, president of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association,
doubts the numbers will be as good for 1996-97 as grain prices fall and farmers
begin feeling the effects of the elimination of the western grain transportation
subsidy.

"We haven't seen the changes in efficiencies in rail transportation which would
allow farmers to save money," he said from his farm in Elgin, Man.

Agriculture Canada's farm financial survey has been conducted every two years
since 1981. This year's survey involved 12,000 farms.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Untaxed farm sector generates Rs3tr: SBP

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, April 08 -- Tax or no tax but the facts show that the agriculture
sector generated Rs3.016 trillion in the last fiscal year slightly lower than
the money generated by the heavily-taxed industrial sector.

The State Bank of Pakistan for the first time has launched a detailed report on
money generated by the key sectors of the economy like agriculture, industrial
and services.

The politically-backed strong agricultural lobby pays almost negligible amount
as tax while its contribution to gross domestic product (GDP) is over 24 per
cent.

Representatives in the parliament from urban areas have been demanding taxing of
agriculture incomes arguing that the poorest segment of population pays tax in
the form of general sales tax.

The report said in fiscal year 2009-10 the agriculture sector (at current price)
produced goods valued almost equal to goods produced by the industrial sector,
which has to pay tax and is bound to audit its balance sheet each year.

The bifurcation of agriculture sector revealed that livestock had superseded the
crops produced. At current price, the total value of the livestock was of
Rs1.537 trillion while that of the crops was Rs1.383 trillion.

It was not mentioned that how much is the taxable income out of the total value
of agriculture sector`s products. If 20 per cent of this total agriculture value
(approximately Rs600 billion) is taxable, the government may earn substantial
amount to meet its critically expanding fiscal deficit.

The government has been borrowing from the State Bank, commercial banks, IMF and
relying on friendly countries for support to finance its fiscal deficit while it
has slashed the development plans by over 50 per cent this year.

Taxing agricultural income has been a topic of public policy debate, but
burdening the industrial sector with taxes has also become a political question
as the country witnessed serious reservations and agitation against the Revised
General Sales Tax (RGST) by political parties and industrialists.

At current price, the total value of the industrial sector products was of
Rs3.269 trillion in 2009-10, slightly higher than the agriculture sector`s. The
industrial sector pays taxes from raw material to finished products while net
income is also taxable which is common in all developed and developing
countries, however, agriculture sector income is also taxable in most of the
economies.

The services sector is the biggest part of GDP while its value at current prices
is even higher than the collective value of agriculture and industrial sectors.

The SBP report showed that services sector in monetary terms produced a value of
Rs7.557 trillion in 2009-10. This sector is also taxable and government heavily
relies on its performance since its contribution to GDP is over 52 per cent.

The government has been making effort to generate revenues by increasing oil
prices, further taxing common people by enforcing RGST and slashing development
plans by compromising over economic growth and rising unemployment but avoiding
to tax agriculture income Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other content
requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Sindh to tax agriculture income from next fiscal year

LENGTH: 523  words


gProposed tax ranges from Rs 100 to over Rs 1 million depending on nature of
cultivable land and size of income

The Sindh government is going to tax the agricultural income from next fiscal
year FY15.

The levy, long demanded by the Muttahida Qaumi Movement in the Sindh Assembly,
has been titled as minimum income tax (MIT) and agriculture income tax (AIT) to
be enacted through amending the Sindh Agriculture Income Tax Act 1994.

The proposed tax, which would soon hit the House floor for passage as Sindh
Agriculture Income Tax Act 2014, ranges from Rs 100 to over Rs 1 million
depending on the nature of cultivable land and size of income made by the
farmers.

To take effect from July 1 when Kharif season would starting, the proposed law
envisages a Rs 100 to Rs 200 per acre annual MIT on the un-irrigated and
irrigated land, respectively.

Whereas the agriculturists possessing matured orchards of banana and beetal leaf
would be liable to pay Rs 350 and Rs 700 for their incomes from un-irrigated and
irrigated farms.

Minimum Income Tax should be applicable to cultivated land more than 16 acres or
675 PIUs whichever is more," reads the proposed law a copy of which is available
with Pakistan Today.

Thar desert and Kohistan, according to the bill, would be exempted from MIT.
Further, the land owner paying Ushur" as per Zakat and Ushr Ordinance, 1980 that
shall be the total tax payable under the First Schedule.

The second schedule provides for the AIT that would zero in case the net taxable
income doesn't exceed Rs 0.4 million.

The incomes ranging between Rs 0.4 million and Rs 0.75 million would draw 5
percent AIT. Rs 17,500 plus 10 percent of income above Rs 0.7 million on incomes
up to Rs 1.5 million.

Rs 92,500 plus 15 percent of income above Rs 1.5 million on incomes totalling at
Rs 2.5 million. On Rs 4 million of agriculture income the tax would be Rs 0.242
million plus 20 percent of income above Rs 2.5 million.

Where the net taxable incomes stands up to Rs 6 million the AIT would be applied
at rate of Rs 0.54 million plus 25 percent of income above Rs 4 million.

Last rate is Rs 1.04 million plus 30 percent of income above Rs 6 million to be
levied on agri income up to Rs 6 million.

The statement of object says that the proposed law aims to provide for
imposition of tax on income from agricultural land in the province of Sindh".

The law defines agriculture income as any rent of revenue derived from land
which is situated in the province of Sindh and is used for agricultural
purpose".

Given frequenting natural calamities in the province like floods etc the law
entitles the affected taxpayer to have his losses set off against his income in
a tax year.

Though most of the 91 PPP lawmakers are related to agriculture they are less
likely to oppose the proposed law in Sindh Assembly given the fact that the tax
is coming from the treasury benches.

More vocal in favour of the law would be the 48 MQM legislators who have long
been demanding the levy's imposition.

The PML-F, PML-N, PTI and NPP are also expected to give the green light to the
move that would add some extra billions to the provincial kitty, once
implemented.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday

Record crops just part of noteworthy November; Agency approves use of fungicides
to fight Asian Soybean Rust

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Agriculture; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 836 words


November has been a month of revelations for agriculture.

We learned on Nov. 12 that farmers will harvest the biggest corn and soybean
crops on record. Not just records, but records by far. Tri-state area farmers
reported excellent yields.

Agriculture officials planned a defense against Asian Soybean Rust after the
fungus was discovered in a Louisiana soybean field Nov. 10. Last week, the
Environmental Protection Agency announced its emergency approval of fungicides
to combat the disease.

Goodbye, Ann Veneman. The secretary of agriculture tendered her resignation to
President Bush last week, ending four years at the helm of the U.S. Department
of Agriculture marked by natural disasters, a mad cow disease scare, market
highs and lows and controversy.

Around here, she might be remembered as the agriculture secretary who preserved
the pork checkoff after a majority of pork producers defeated the program in a
September 2000 referendum.

*

Some good news for dairy producers - the ag department raised its milk price
forecasts for 2004-05 from last month because of stronger demand for milkfat.
The all-milk price is forecast at $13.75 to $14.45 per hundredweight for
2004-05.

Meanwhile, the ag department predicts dairy farm net cash income will average
$112,900 this year, up from $69,300 last year and the 1998-2000 average of
$84,900.

Remember, these are national averages, and actual net cash income among
individual farms will vary greatly. Overall, net farm income is expected to grow
by more than 10 percent this year, to a record $73.7 billion, up 24.5 percent
from 2003.

*

A dairy industry self-help program is claiming some of the credit for
stabilizing milk supplies and prices.

Cooperatives Working Together is now in its second year. Participating producers
fund the program through a voluntary 5-cent assessment on each 100 pounds of
milk they market. The money raised is used to fund a dairy product export
assistance program and a herd retirement program to reduce milk production.
Cooperatives Working Together is administered by the National Milk Producers
Federation.

In the latest round of bids accepted during October, about 715 bids representing
around 2 billion pounds of milk volume are under review.

"Our goal with this second go-round is to remove 870 million pounds of milk,"
said National Milk spokesman Chris Galen.

Galen said successful bidders likely will be notified this month. The number of
bids offered increased from the first round.

"We have had greater participation in the second year from upper Midwest
cooperatives," Galen said.

In the project's first year, 299 bids were accepted to remove 608 million pounds
of milk from the market. CWT officials estimate their program gave milk prices a
59 cent per hundredweight boost between October 2003 and September 2004.

Walt Wosje, CWT's chief operating officer, said the program was just one factor
contributing to the market rebound, though.

"This past winter and spring, we saw what was akin to a perfect storm of factors
pulling together to raise milk prices from their record lows. Between CWT's
activities, the Canadian border being closed, and increased milk demand, milk
prices really rebounded quickly," Wosje said.

"Unfortunately, that illustrates our concern about the market's volatility. CWT
activities, like this herd retirement and our export assistance program, are
meant to not only strengthen milk prices but also stabilize them. We can't
simply depend on market factors. Our increased targets this year reflect our
understanding that we won't necessarily have all the other factors working with
us this time."

Participation in CWT is open to all cooperatives and to independent dairy
farmers not affiliated with a cooperative.  More information on the program is
available online at cwt.coop.

*

As we give thanks for our many blessings this week, the Archdiocesan Pastoral
Center in Dubuque reminds us to consider our rural neighbors who are
experiencing extreme economic hardship.

The center will again conduct its "Rural Christmas Outreach" project through the
Rural Life Office in cooperation with Catholic Charities. The project helps fill
in the gaps not covered by the many other civic organizations and agencies
serving the needs of people. Rural Outreach recipients are those folks who
cannot meet their basic needs and who might easily go unnoticed or be ineligible
under other existing programs.

Funds will be collected through Dec. 8.

Those who do not qualify for other existing programs can apply for assistance by
writing to Rural Christmas Outreach, Archdiocesan Pastoral Center, P.O. Box 479,
Dubuque, Iowa 52004-0479. Include your full name and address. Also include the
number of adults and children with all their ages.

Monetary contributions may be sent to the same address.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Sunday Guardian (India)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Agriculture not the main source of rural income

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 25 -- The character of rural economy, in terms of its dependence
on monsoon, has changed significantly in the last two decades making rural
economy less dependent on agricultural income for its survival, according to a
recent report by India Ratings & Research titled "Agriculture and Rural no
longer synonymous".

Rural income is no longer just the agricultural income. "The share of
agricultural income in the overall composition of rural income has reduced to
just 33% while the share of non-agricultural activities has grown to about 66%
rest," says Sunil Sinha, principal economist at India Ratings & Research and the
author of the report. This means that if monsoon is less than normal then
agricultural income and production would suffer but that would not indicate the
collapse of the rural demand or rural income.

The report also says that higher growth of the industrial and services sector in
rural areas over the years has increased the share of non-agriculture sector in
the rural GDP.

Due to space constraints, new industrial establishments are increasingly coming
up in rural areas, providing an alternate source of livelihood to many.

Other non-agricultural vocations include poultry and dairy activities. This
shift in rural income means that rural income is now less vulnerable to
monsoons.

Such decoupling of rural demand from agricultural income should be seen as a
graduation of India's rural landscape.

"Because, if the rural income comes from just one source i.e. agriculture, then
there is a very high concentration risk," says Sinha. However, if the rural
income gets diversified then the risk goes down dramatically making rural
economy less vulnerable to one single event - monsoon.

So, in a bad monsoon year, the perception that rural demand would go down would
be more psychological and less due to a dramatic fall in affordability.

While agriculture may not be the dominant source of rural income, it still plays
a dominant role in the national economy. Agriculture still drives the RBI's
stance on food inflation and the conduct of its monetary policy.

The RBI is more concerned about the impact of monsoon on food production because
if production is down then it has implications for food supply and on overall
inflation. Although the Central Bank does take note of the change in the
composition of rural income, its priority remains inflation.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Sunday Guardian. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Sunday Guardian
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Food security

BYLINE:  Imranullah and Muhammad Tufail Khan

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 724

LENGTH: 809  words


In words of Josue de Castro "Hunger is exclusion - exclusion from the land, from
income, jobs, wages, life and citizenship. When a person gets to the point of
not having anything to eat, it is because all the rest has been denied. This is
a modern form of exile. It is death in life..."

Food security is access of all people at all times to enough food for an active
and healthy life. If sufficient quantities of food are consistently not
available to all individuals then we can say that they are food insecure. Number
of factor can influence households' access to food but it primarily a function
of a household's income and the price of food. Households' real income is
directly proportional to the value of domestic currency. Higher real income
leads to high level of food consumption and devaluation of currency leads to low
real income and hence low level of food consumption.

The recent devaluation of Pakistani currency has negative effects on the
country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita, this devaluation can have a
time varying effects and a major group of the population can be pushed into the
food insecure group. Research studies shows that devaluation of the currency has
bad effects in the short run and country's total outputs go down to decline.

Almost in all the developing nations of the world agriculture sector remains
responsible for food availability and raw materials to the industrial sector. In
case of Pakistan agriculture sector contribute more than 21 percent of the
country GDP and is considered the mainstay of Pakistan's economy. More than 67
per cent of the country's rural population is directly or indirectly linked with
agriculture for their livelihood. Whatever happens to agriculture is bound to
affect the -livelihood and consequently food security of the poor rural people.

Although, cereals crops and vegetables are considered important to mitigate
hunger and secure food, livestock are also important contributors to total food
production. Moreover, their contribution increases at a higher rate than that of
cereals. Recent increases in livestock products especially in all the developing
nations around the world appear to be even more spectacular than those achieved
for cereals from the green revolution. Animal products are primarily a source of
proteins and essential amino acids, but when they are a major constituent of the
human diet they also contribute a significant proportion of total calories.
According to the economic survey of Pakistan 2012-13 in agriculture value added
the share of livestock sector was 55.4 percent and it contributes 11.9 percent
of National GDP. Moreover, livestock is considered a source of employment
generation at rural level, helping to reduce income variability.

Agriculture sector of Pakistan is adversely effected by the decline in real
personal incomes due to the devaluation of the currency and price hike of
diesel, electricity and increase in the prices of other inputs like fertilizers,
improved seed varieties, pesticides and labor wage rates and most importantly
increase in the prices of livestock feed.

Agri Forum Pakistan Chairman Dr. Ibrahim Mughal said that poor people were now
in a fix to either buy flour to feed them or pay electricity bills out of their
meager incomes. He said that recent increase in electricity will also make
wheat, rice, sugar, clothes, lentils, milk and other food items 50 to 60 percent
dearer thus making life impossible for the poor. It is experienced previously
that decline of agriculture and shrinking livelihood opportunities have resulted
in rising poverty especially in the rural areas.

In order to achieve food security in the presence of decreased real per capita
income our agriculture sector should be sustainable. For agriculture to become
truly sustainable, more efficient use of energy and resources is needed, and
soil and water must be better preserved. Alternative energy sources such as
biomass, solar power, and small hydropower can serve to reduce the energy
deficit in agriculture sector. The development of an appropriate fiscal
incentive system to prospective energy developers and equipment manufacturers
could help ease the raw material constraints they face.

Currently 27 commercial, Islamic and microfinance banks with around 3,900
agriculture designated branches are facilitating farmers by extending
agriculture credit throughout the country. These include 19 commercial banks, 2
specialized banks, one Islamic bank and 5 microfinance banks. These banks
provide production and development loans to farming community for agricultural
activities including crops production, livestock, poultry, fisheries, orchards,
forestry, nurseries, apiculture, sericulture, etc. But still farmers hesitate to
get loans from these institutions due to collateral ceiling, high interest rate
and lack of awareness.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Post

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

Food security

BYLINE:  Imranullah and Muhammad Tufail Khan

SECTION: Vol. XXVII No. 724

LENGTH: 809  words


In words of Josue de Castro "Hunger is exclusion - exclusion from the land, from
income, jobs, wages, life and citizenship. When a person gets to the point of
not having anything to eat, it is because all the rest has been denied. This is
a modern form of exile. It is death in life..."

Food security is access of all people at all times to enough food for an active
and healthy life. If sufficient quantities of food are consistently not
available to all individuals then we can say that they are food insecure. Number
of factor can influence households' access to food but it primarily a function
of a household's income and the price of food. Households' real income is
directly proportional to the value of domestic currency. Higher real income
leads to high level of food consumption and devaluation of currency leads to low
real income and hence low level of food consumption.

The recent devaluation of Pakistani currency has negative effects on the
country's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) per capita, this devaluation can have a
time varying effects and a major group of the population can be pushed into the
food insecure group. Research studies shows that devaluation of the currency has
bad effects in the short run and country's total outputs go down to decline.

Almost in all the developing nations of the world agriculture sector remains
responsible for food availability and raw materials to the industrial sector. In
case of Pakistan agriculture sector contribute more than 21 percent of the
country GDP and is considered the mainstay of Pakistan's economy. More than 67
per cent of the country's rural population is directly or indirectly linked with
agriculture for their livelihood. Whatever happens to agriculture is bound to
affect the -livelihood and consequently food security of the poor rural people.

Although, cereals crops and vegetables are considered important to mitigate
hunger and secure food, livestock are also important contributors to total food
production. Moreover, their contribution increases at a higher rate than that of
cereals. Recent increases in livestock products especially in all the developing
nations around the world appear to be even more spectacular than those achieved
for cereals from the green revolution. Animal products are primarily a source of
proteins and essential amino acids, but when they are a major constituent of the
human diet they also contribute a significant proportion of total calories.
According to the economic survey of Pakistan 2012-13 in agriculture value added
the share of livestock sector was 55.4 percent and it contributes 11.9 percent
of National GDP. Moreover, livestock is considered a source of employment
generation at rural level, helping to reduce income variability.

Agriculture sector of Pakistan is adversely effected by the decline in real
personal incomes due to the devaluation of the currency and price hike of
diesel, electricity and increase in the prices of other inputs like fertilizers,
improved seed varieties, pesticides and labor wage rates and most importantly
increase in the prices of livestock feed.

Agri Forum Pakistan Chairman Dr. Ibrahim Mughal said that poor people were now
in a fix to either buy flour to feed them or pay electricity bills out of their
meager incomes. He said that recent increase in electricity will also make
wheat, rice, sugar, clothes, lentils, milk and other food items 50 to 60 percent
dearer thus making life impossible for the poor. It is experienced previously
that decline of agriculture and shrinking livelihood opportunities have resulted
in rising poverty especially in the rural areas.

In order to achieve food security in the presence of decreased real per capita
income our agriculture sector should be sustainable. For agriculture to become
truly sustainable, more efficient use of energy and resources is needed, and
soil and water must be better preserved. Alternative energy sources such as
biomass, solar power, and small hydropower can serve to reduce the energy
deficit in agriculture sector. The development of an appropriate fiscal
incentive system to prospective energy developers and equipment manufacturers
could help ease the raw material constraints they face.

Currently 27 commercial, Islamic and microfinance banks with around 3,900
agriculture designated branches are facilitating farmers by extending
agriculture credit throughout the country. These include 19 commercial banks, 2
specialized banks, one Islamic bank and 5 microfinance banks. These banks
provide production and development loans to farming community for agricultural
activities including crops production, livestock, poultry, fisheries, orchards,
forestry, nurseries, apiculture, sericulture, etc. But still farmers hesitate to
get loans from these institutions due to collateral ceiling, high interest rate
and lack of awareness.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

Reforming agri income tax regime can generate up to Rs 115bn

BYLINE:  Staff Report

SECTION: Vol. VIII No. 307

LENGTH: 359  words


The country could generate Rs 80 billion to Rs 115 billion by reforming
agriculture income tax regime.

Economists here on Wednesday presented these estimates during the second day of
the 28th Annual General Meeting and Conference organised by Pakistan Institute
of Development Economics (PIDE).

Senior economist Anjum Nasim while delivering his research paper on 'Agriculture
Income Taxation: Estimation of Revenue Potential in Punjab' stated that there
could be different scenarios for imposing agriculture income tax. One estimate
suggested that by using the income tax rates applicable under Finance Bill 2012
the potential tax revenues for Punjab from crop farming on the basis of
production achieved in 2009-10 would be standing at Rs 16 billion to Rs to 20
billion, assuming no difference in average yield per acres among small and large
farmers, he added.

"If the yield of large farmers (with farm size of 25 acres and above) is 50
percent more than that of small farmers, then the tax potential is estimated at
Rs 24 billion to Rs 29 billion," he maintained. Had the tax been in place in the
tax year 2010, the tax revenues would have been between Rs 55-75 billion if
small and large farmers were equally productive and the revenue would be
standing between Rs 63-79 billion if large farmers were 50 percent more
productive than small farmers.

Applying this method of estimation for Punjab, Nasim said that the potential tax
revenues from agriculture crop income for the whole country would be estimated
in the range of Rs 80 billion to Rs 115 billion in 2009-10 compared with Rs 529
billion collected as federal direct taxes (mostly income taxes) from non
agriculture sector in 2009-10.

Explaining the reasons for low revenue collection from existing AIT in the
provinces, he was of the view that the current scheme of agriculture income tax
is effectively a tax on land of over 12.5 acres and not on incomes and the
provincial governments have not revised the tax rates to reflect the change in
the income potential from land. Nasim proposed to redesign the land tax with the
purpose to distribute the burden of tax more heavily on large landowners.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2012 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    January 31, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Alberta farmers face grim income forecast

BYLINE: Grant Robertson, Calgary Herald

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. D3

LENGTH: 512 words


Alberta farmers will reap less of what they sow in 2001 thanks to soaring energy
costs and slumping commodity prices.

A forecast of farm incomes by Agriculture Canada suggests Alberta farmers will
be among the hardest hit in the country as the cost of farming continues to
rise.

The main contributor will be skyrocketing energy prices which will worsen the
effects of an ongoing slump in crop values, the report says.

"The price of fuel is a big factor this year. It's having a big impact on
expenses," said Lambert Gauthier, chief agriculture analyst with Agriculture and
Agri-Food Canada.

"Alberta has generally been better off than its Prairie neighbours because of
its diversity, but if cattle prices drop, Alberta will be affected worse than
other provinces."

Cattle prices, which are riding the top of the price cycle, are expected to
remain strong. A strengthening in hog prices should also keep disaster from
striking.

But the province's farmers, whose net cash income rose in 2000, will see most of
those profits dry up over the next year.

Total net cash income in Alberta -- a measure of money available for living
expenses and capital costs -- rose from an average of $1.4 billion between 1995
and 1999 to $1.54 billion last year.

That number is expected to drop back to $1.42 billion in 2001.

While grain prices remain in the doldrums, farmers across the country have been
unable to escape rising energy costs.

Alberta farmers are no exception, with record prices for natural gas -- the key
ingredient in nitrogen fertilizer -- forcing many to rethink their crop
selection this year.

The price of nitrogen fertilizer has risen from about $ 250 a tonne as recently
as two years ago to more than $650 a tonne this year.

"I'm talking to farmers in coffee shops right now who don't know if they are
going to put fertilizer on most of their fields this spring," said Cory Olikka,
president of the National Farmers Union.

"At this point, it's just too expensive. There's no more income to make up for
those costs."

Overall in Canada, net cash income is expected to drop by six per cent. However,
those numbers will still be an improvement on the average over the past five
years.

Total net cash incomes in Canada are forecasted to fall below $6.7 billion from
more than $7 billion last year.

The five-year average net cash income for Canadian farms totalled $6.4 billion
between 1995 and 1999.

The forecast comes a day after farmers protested on Parliament Hill, demanding
more support. They said farmers will be forced off the land and demanded a
national agriculture policy.

"The statistics on the farm income crisis are public, clear and unforgiving,"
Olikka said.

Farm leaders said less than half of a $1.67-billion national disaster relief
package designed to offset falling commodity prices has flowed to producers.

As of mid-January, the federal-provincial Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance
(AIDA) program had paid out $805 million to farmers across the country.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph;Chart: Calgary Herald ; Farm Cash Receipts, Expenses, and Income

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday
                                 Jaipur Edition

`Most Raj native farmers but half earn wages elsewhere'

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 354 words


Among the major states, Rajasthan has the highest percentage of agricultural
households (78.4%) among its rural households but nearly half of them reported
their principal source of income to be from other than agriculture activity .

National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) in its report "Key Indicators of Situation
of Agriculture Households in India" released in December indicated that salaries
and wages have a significant contribution to the income in rural areas. The
report is based on the surveys conducted from January to December 2013.

Every 456 per 1000 rural households are engaged in farming and 334 are dependent
on salaried em

ployment as their primary source of income. Contrary to the popular perception,
livestock covers only 6.4% of the households in the state.

Income from pension and remittance as the only source is also high in the state
with about 82 per 1000 households relying on it.Nearly 5.5% homes in rural
Rajasthan get their income from on nonagricultural enterprises like artisans,
handicrafts manufacturers for their main earnings.

Though the farmers in Rajasthan, the most heavily agriculture dependent state,
earned a monthly average income of Rs 7,350, which is marginally higher than the
average agriculture household income of Rs 6,426 at the national level. Out of
Rs 7,350 for the agriculture year from July 2012-June 2013, Rs 2,534 were earned
through salaries, Rs

3,138 from cultivation and crop production, Rs 967 from farming of animals and
Rs 710 from non-farm business.

"As per our own data there has been rise in the household earnings from the
farming activities. It has been low for many years due to lack of irrigation
facilities. This has improved in the last decade and is still on an upward
trajectory," said an agriculture department official. Those dependent on
agricultural activities also spend very low in crop production per year. In
Rajasthan, average total expense per household remain Rs 1,730 better than only
Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and Odisha. Average monthly expense for farming of
animals per agricultural household have been better than most states and stands
at Rs 1868.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

ICCI calls for bringing agriculture sector under tax net

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 124

LENGTH: 357  words


Acting President, Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Sheikh Pervez
Ahmed, has urged the government to bring agricultural sector into the tax net in
the forthcoming budget.

He said agri sector was contributing over one-fifth to the domestic output but
generating less than 0.1% of the total tax revenue.

Due to which country's revenue and fiscal deficits were on rise and Pakistan's
tax revenue collection was one of the lowest in the region, Sheikh Pervez said
in a statement issued here Monday.

He observed that agriculture sector was playing a major role in generating
business and economic activities and providing jobs to majority of rural
population, but was paying negligible amount to the tax revenue which was not
justified.

He said after the 18th constitutional amendment, agriculture sector was devolved
to the provinces and provincial governments were expected to take measures to
bring agriculture income into the tax net.

However, he was of the view that the unwillingness of the provinces to tax
agriculture income, has made the country dependent on foreign borrowings which
would jeopardize the future of our coming generation.

He said the present government enjoyed two third majority in the parliament and
was in a good position to enact laws to bring agriculture income into the tax
net.

Sheikh Pervez Ahmed claimed that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country.

He said instead of generating more revenue for the country, the prevailing tax
system was stifling the economic growth, promoting inefficiency and widening the
gap between the rich and the poor.

He stressed that government should focus on developing a fair and equitable tax
system that should collect tax from every taxable income.

He also called for simplify the current complex tax system, adding that lower
tax rates and levy tax on agriculture income that would help in generating
trillions of rupees as tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                December 2, 1998

Farm incomes slashed

SECTION: Farming, Pg.22

LENGTH: 535 words


TALKS to resolve Scottish agriculture's cash crisis and ensure its survival were
called for by the Government yesterday as it revealed an estimated 42% fall in
total incomes this year to about GBP 163million.

Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel called for full and frank discussions
on the industry's future and shape as he toured the Royal Smithfield Show in
London.

Scottish NFU president George Lyon agreed, adding it was up to the industry to
help re-dress the balance and increase the value of agricultural products by
ensuring more strength in the marketplace.

The grim figure is much in line with recent expectations, and confirms the
widespread suffering being endured across all sectors because of the collapse in
commodity prices, but particularly in the dairy and arable areas. The weather
also affected crop yields.

In the last three years, more than GBP 432million has been wiped off the incomes
of Scotland's farmers by BSE and plummeting commodity prices. Yesterday's
estimate also underlines that without the Government ploughing in more than GBP
480million in subsidies Scottish agriculture would have in the last year
collapsed.

The UK figure showed a smaller 33% fall in total farm incomes to just over GBP
1.1billion, a GBP 3.5billion fall, or about three-quarters of the industry's
total income, over the last two years.

Lord Sewel said the discussions would centre on finding a way forward for
Scottish agriculture, but discounted an immediate outgoers' scheme for those
wanting out, saying the avenue for that would have to come in the Common
Agricultural Policy reforms.

Casualty

The minister said it would be wrong to pre-empt the talks, which would be
starting soon.

He added: "I do not want to prejudge those discussions. It's very important we
all go there - Government, producers and industry - to have a discussion without
taking up inflexible prior positions."

The talks on finding long-term solutions had become a casualty of this year's
difficult situation as the industry focused on strategies for short-term
survival.

The Government's GBP 36million aid package - included in the estimate which
comes a day after new net incomes figures for Scotland's hill and island farmers
showed they were surviving on just over GBP 110 per week - had provided a
cushion so that future issues could be studied.

Mr Lyon said various political hurdles had still to be overcome before the
industry could prosper.

"Ultimately, the only solution to this is for farmers to achieve a better
percentage share of the market price. At the moment, we have clearly taken all
the costs that have been loaded into the beef sector and it's been passed right
back up the line to the hill and upland crisis.

"This whole crisis has demonstrated that we are weak sellers and weak buyers of
our inputs - that's something the industry has address if we are ever going to
achieve a bigger share of the end price in a bigger margin."

Various groups had initiated discussions on finding a way forward themselves,
and Mr Lyon said simply asking for a bigger share would not work.  The industry
had to go out and fight for its share or the retailers would continue to walk
over farmers.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

Reforming agri income tax regime can generate up to Rs 115bn

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 15 -- The country could generate Rs 80 billion to Rs 115 billion
by reforming agriculture income tax regime.

Economists here on Wednesday presented these estimates during the second day of
the 28th Annual General Meeting and Conference organised by Pakistan Institute
of Development Economics (PIDE).

Senior economist Anjum Nasim while delivering his research paper on 'Agriculture
Income TaxationEstimation of Revenue Potential in Punjab' stated that there
could be different scenarios for imposing agriculture income tax. One estimate
suggested that by using the income tax rates applicable under Finance Bill 2012
the potential tax revenues for Punjab from crop farming on the basis of
production achieved in 2009-10 would be standing at Rs 16 billion to Rs to 20
billion, assuming no difference in average yield per acres among small and large
farmers, he added.

"If the yield of large farmers (with farm size of 25 acres and above) is 50
percent more than that of small farmers, then the tax potential is estimated at
Rs 24 billion to Rs 29 billion," he maintained. Had the tax been in place in the
tax year 2010, the tax revenues would have been between Rs 55-75 billion if
small and large farmers were equally productive and the revenue would be
standing between Rs 63-79 billion if large farmers were 50 percent more
productive than small farmers.

Applying this method of estimation for Punjab, Nasim said that the potential tax
revenues from agriculture crop income for the whole country would be estimated
in the range of Rs 80 billion to Rs 115 billion in 2009-10 compared with Rs 529
billion collected as federal direct taxes (mostly income taxes) from non
agriculture sector in 2009-10.

Explaining the reasons for low revenue collection from existing AIT in the
provinces, he was of the view that the current scheme of agriculture income tax
is effectively a tax on land of over 12.5 acres and not on incomes and the
provincial governments have not revised the tax rates to reflect the change in
the income potential from land. Nasim proposed to redesign the land tax with the
purpose to distribute the burden of tax more heavily on large landowners.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   December 9, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Report casts doubt on farming crisis

BYLINE: JACK AUBRY; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3


An Agriculture Canada report raises some doubts about the severity of the farm
crisis.

The report, which catalogues statistics about the farm sector up to November,
shows farm family incomes have increased more rapidly than those in urban areas,
while the number of farm bankruptcies actually fell.

The report, obtained by the Citizen, may help explain why the federal cabinet
has resisted pleas from the vocal farm lobby to rubber-stamp a farm disaster
relief program of up to $ 1.7 billion over four years.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief is expected to announce a contribution of
about $ 500 million before Christmas but the money won't get to farmers until
after the next budget, when, the report seems to suggest, the full extent of the
price collapse caused by the Asian economic crisis will be realized.

As well, the cabinet is said to want to avoid mistakes made by the Mulroney
government, which delivered an aid package based on acreage that helped large
farms and not small family operations.

The document, entitled Farm Financial Situation -- November 1998 is being
released this week by Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada's economic and policy
analysis directorate and clearly shows that Canadian agriculture has been, until
recently, a thriving sector.

"It shows part of the picture that hasn't been talked about very much. The
fundamentals of the industry are still positive -- commodity prices go up and
down -- and the longer term prospects look good," said Ken Ash, the
directorate's director general.

"This industry is healthy and it will start growing again."

The report points out:

- Farm income reached near record levels in 1997.

- In 1998, farm family income is estimated at $ 56,298.

- In 1998, receipts are expected to be up from 1993-97 for all commodity groups.
Grains and oilseeds is the only group forecast to decline in 1999.

- Canadian farmers have put away $ 2.5 billion in the Net Income Stabilization
Account, including $ 337 million for Manitoba and $ 1 billion for Saskatchewan,
the two provinces hardest hit by the current crisis.

- Income in 1998 is expected to be above the previous five-year average in all
provinces except Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Prince Edward Island.

- Small farms represent two-thirds of farm families in Canada but earned
relatively little of their income -- just 10 per cent -- from farming.

- Large farms -- sales of $ 100,000 or more -- have much higher farm family
income, with about 55 per cent from farming.

- Average farm net worth continues to increase, exceeding $ 640,000, and large
farms approach $ 1 million.

Hog and grain farming, which have been heavily hit by falling commodity prices
this fall, represent 10 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, of total farming
in the country.

The income stabilization accounts, which can be drawn upon by farmers in times
of need, have been built up to $ 2.5 billion over the past five years, with the
federal government matching the contributions of individual farmers.

Mr. Ash said the document is a "snapshot" of the farm sector.

"(Canadian agriculture) has been growing (in) the last five years and it has
been contributing more to GDP and to employment and not just at output levels.
On average, the well-being of farms has improved," said Mr. Ash.

"That's not to take away from the fact that 1998 is going to be a kick in the
teeth for some."

In 1998, farm income is expected to be four per cent below the average of the
previous five years.

"Farm families have benefited not only from improved farm incomes up to 1997,
but also from improved off-farm incomes, particularly wages and salaries and
government social transfers over the period," said the report.

Between 1985 and 1995, real farm incomes increased almost 12 per cent,
substantially more than the increase for urban families, at four per cent, and
rural non-farm families, at three per cent.

More good news can be found in the relatively low number of bankruptcies (126)
between January and June this year compared with 131 for the same period in
1997.



LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1998

LENGTH: 685 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             April 30, 2012, Monday

STATEHOUSE BEAT;
Primary source of candidates' income iffy

BYLINE: Phil Kabler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 861 words


FOR those still amazed that one of the hottest primary races is for agriculture
commissioner, here's another first: There's now a Republican attack ad aimed at
the presumptive front-runner in the Democratic primary.

The (so far) Internet-only spot by the West Virginia Federation of Young
Republicans is titled "Walt Helmick: Fake Farmer Puts Himself First."

Unlike a lot of attack ads the spot is very funny, raising issues that Helmick
1. "isn't a real farmer," 2. "doesn't even own a truck," and 3. "lives in a
ritzy Charleston condo." (during legislative sessions, anyway...)

Of course, judging by their financial disclosures filed with the state Ethics
Commission, none of the five Democratic candidates meet the (now ruled archaic)
requirement that agriculture be the primary source of income for commissioner
candidates.

Under the section of the disclosure form to disclose sources of more than 20
percent of gross income, the forms list a variety of businesses and industries
but, tellingly, there are no categories for agriculture or farming.

Bob Tabb did check "recreation," writing in "agri-tourism," as well as "retail,"
with the notation, "farm and nursery." The deputy agriculture commissioner also
checked "state government" in that category.

Helmick, assistant agriculture commissioner Steve Miller, and retired
Agriculture Commission field supervisor Joseph Messineo each checked only "state
government," while Sally Shepherd marked none of the categories.

Shepherd, who listed "self-employed farmer" in the employment section of the
form, also listed no sources of income over $1,000.

Under sources of income more than $1,000, Messineo cited his Red Oak Farm in
Spencer, while Tabb cited his Town and Country Nursery business. Helmick listed
Allegheny Lodge Enterprises, which includes his natural spring water bottling
company.

Miller listed three rental properties in Fort Ashby and Cumberland, Md., and a
self-storage business, but no agriculture-related income more than $1,000.

---

Got a call from a reader who was worked up because he couldn't find a parking
space at Stonewall Jackson Resort because they were all occupied by SUVs and
pickup trucks with Division of Highways' plates.

That, I learned, was because of the annual two-day conference for Highways'
maintenance supervisors and engineers held at the state resort park in Lewis
County.

Highways spent $41,226 for last year's conference, which ranked it a distant
20th among state agencies' spending at Stonewall Resort.

Speaking of conferences, the two-day Spring Family Court Judicial Education
Conference starts today at the Charleston Marriott and at least one invitee was
not impressed by the first day's agenda.

Following opening remarks by Chief Justice Menis Ketchum and sessions for case
law and legislative updates, the conference will break for lunch. Afterward, the
entire afternoon agenda will be devoted to stress reduction, first with a
seminar titled "Decrease Stress, Feel Better Now" hosted by Aymee Coget, head of
the American Happiness Association in San Francisco, followed by a hands-on
stress reduction session provided by the West Virginia School of Massage
Therapy.

(Hey, I've never had the misfortune to find myself in a Family Court, but I
suspect Family Court judge is a highly stressful occupation...)

---

House Government Organization Chairman Jim Morgan, D-Cabell, confirms what was
suspected about legislation passed in 2011 to make an exception to the ban
prohibiting state employees from soliciting, so that Public Broadcasting
personalities could continue to participate in on-air fund drives.

The legislation (HB2695) also includes a proviso clarifying that the Educational
Broadcasting Authority is quasi-independent, stating that it is under the
Department of Education and the Arts "for purposes of administrative support and
liaison with the office of the governor."

Morgan said that was done primarily to make clear that the EBA has the power to
elect its own chairperson. (That was after then-Gov. Joe Manchin got a bill
passed in 2005 making the governor the chairman of a number of state boards and
agencies, including the EBA.)

"That was added more or less to allow the board, if they desired to, to elect
another chairman - to say they had the ability to do so," Morgan said.

---

Regarding Alana Minear's ouster as parking director for the city of Charleston,
I'm advised it has something to do with the parking division being too efficient
in ticketing vehicles belonging to the FBI, police officers, judges, and other
prominent individuals...

---

Finally, following recent candidate interviews, a reader noted that the
incumbents in the new 36th Delegate District (Delegates Nancy Guthrie, Mark
Hunt, and Danny Wells) talked at length about the need for sewer lines and
better roads in the Upper Kanawha Valley and wondered why, after a combined 34
years in the Legislature, it took them so long to notice...

Of course, thanks to redistricting, those former 30th District delegates can no
longer rely on votes from South Hills, South Charleston, and parts of Kanawha
City, now split off into the new 35th.

Reach Phil Kabler at philk@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1220.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           February 17, 2007 Saturday

Federal agriculture department looks at farm future; Two meetings in N.B. next
week will address farming issues

BYLINE: By Yvon Gauvin Times & Transcript staff

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 284  words


The next generation of federal agriculture and agri-food policy framework will
need to address dwindling farm incomes if Canada hopes to stem the death of farm
operations.

"The worst three years in history for New Brunswick farmers were 2004, 2005 and
2006," said Marjorie Goddard, president of New Brunswick Partners in Agriculture
.

Farmers' gross revenues are high but their net incomes are hitting record lows,
she said.

The farm income issue has not been addressed by federal government in
consultative discussions for two decades, she added.

Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada has scheduled two public sessions next week,
Wednesday in Perth-Andover and Friday in Moncton, to discuss certain issues
affecting the industry. However, farm income is not on the agenda, added Betty
Brown who operates a farm near Florenceville.

Brown accuses the federal department of skirting around the subject to avoid
discussions while adding the department isn't doing a great job alerting farmers
across the country when it comes to public meetings and consultations on any
topic.

New Brunswick has 700 to 800 farmers, part of the New Brunswick Agricultural
Alliance.

The number of farms drops every year as producers give up trying to make a
living, she said. Nor are there any young people ready to step in to take over
the operation.

Producers should be able to at least cover their debts let alone earn a profit.

The rise in cost from fuel to equipment is outstripping the return for the
primary producer, she reiterated.

"I'm subsidizing the consumer," she added. "We cannot continue to sell products
below production costs."

The Moncton session will be held at the Future Inns, Lady Ada Boulevard, from 9
a.m. to 4:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                   September 14, 2011 Wednesday 2:09 PM  EST

CONSUMER AFFAIRS, FOOD & PUBLIC DISTRIBUTION MINISTER THOMAS CALLS FOR CAPITAL
INVESTMENT TO INCREASE FOODGRAIN PRODUCTION

LENGTH: 1113 words


NEW DELHI, Sept. 14 -- The government of India issued the following news
release:

Minister of Consumer Affairs, Food & Public Distribution, Prof. K.V. Thomas has
called for capital investment in agriculture by public and private
participations to increase agricultural productivity, a key challenge for
ensuring national food security. He has said that the investment is specially
required in the eastern and north-eastern regions, where agriculture sector has
a great potential.

Addressing the Agriculture Leadership Summit 2011 here today, Prof. Thomas said
that a 'Mission Mode Program' should also be taken up on priority basis to
exploit the potential of existing 'yield gaps' and a sound mechanism should be
developed to link farmers to markets which is a pre-requisite for augmenting
farm production and farmers' income.

Full text of the Minister's speech is as follows:

"India has made great strides in increasing food grain production since the
Green Revolution era of the mid-sixties. During the last one decade, production
of maize and cotton has doubled. In the recent past, the growth rates in
horticulture, livestock and fishery sectors have been impressive and have
significantly contributed towards agricultural gross domestic product.
Nevertheless, the declining total factor productivity, diminishing and degrading
natural resources and stagnating farm incomes have become major concerns. The
impact of trade liberalization on agriculture and the global climate change are
new challenges. At the same time, new opportunities are emerging for agriculture
sector in our country. Commercialization of agriculture, diversification towards
high-value commodities and integration with the global markets are the new
opportunities.

The first and foremost issue is conservation and enhancement of ecological
foundations for sustainable agriculture. Urbanization is exerting tremendous
pressure on available land and water resources. There has been a significant
development in small farm management in respect of all the sub-sectors, i.e.,
crops, animal husbandry and fisheries. This process requires to be encouraged to
provide 'the power of mass production by the mass of small farmers'.

Orientation of agricultural development should shift from increasing production
to raising farm income. This is important to check the widening rural-urban
disparity and to diversify rural livelihood options, covering crop, livestock,
fisheries and horticultural activities. Hence, the task to link farmers with the
market must be taken on top priority.

The issues related to investment and subsidies, natural resource conservation,
current global financial crisis, agricultural diversification and possible
approach for sustainable agriculture need to be addressed on priority basis.

The livestock sector, which can play a vital role in supplementing farm incomes,
creating rural employment, addressing gender equity and increase rural
livelihood options needs more attention.

I may like to suggest the following steps

Increasing agricultural productivity is a key challenge for ensuring national
food security. To increase production, exploiting the potential of existing
yield gaps offers a tremendous opportunity. Hence, a Mission Mode Program on
"Bridging the Productivity Gap" with real missionary zeal and effective
monitoring is required to be launched with meticulous planning as a matter of
priority.

- Rainfed areas have a huge potentiality to raise production and increase farm
income. These grey areas can soon be made green to harness a second green
revolution. Role of technologies, policies and infrastructure would be very
important in realizing the potential of rainfed agriculture.

- Linking farmers to markets is a pre-requisite for augmenting farm production
and farmers' income. Role of innovative institutions would be critical in this
context to reap the benefits of emerging opportunities. A silent revolution of
innovative institutions is already taking place in the Indian agricultural
production and marketing system.

- There is a dire need to attract the capital investment in agriculture by
public and private participations in the non-green revolution regions,
particularly in the eastern and north-eastern India, where agriculture sector
has a great potential. Hence, investment priorities must now be oriented towards
realistic growth of agriculture for meeting the growing needs of the population.

- Agriculture is confronted with new forms of risks and uncertainties. These are
related to natural calamities, global climate change, use of food for bio-fuels,
uncertainty over prices etc. Role of knowledge system and institutional
mechanisms for input supply, credit, crop and livestock insurance etc. would be
important in reducing both risks and uncertainties in order to attain the much
needed resilience in agriculture sector.

- Climate change has added a new dimension to future agricultural growth, which
is a major concern. The worst affected would be small farm holders located in
the marginal and under-privileged areas. Therefore, investment options for both
adaptation and mitigation and policies, which can help in reducing the impact of
climate change are urgently needed at this stage.

- There is an urgent need for agricultural diversification by identifying the
key crops/commodities which can help small farm holders to raise their income.
Incremental gains in income through diversification will help capital formation
which will be instrumental in attaining higher productivity and profitability.

- Globalization of agriculture offers immense opportunities for export of
agricultural products. This can be harnessed only by increased efficiency in our
production systems, improved quality of produce, value addition, market
intelligence and long term well targeted export policies and planning, supported
an enabling environment both within and outside the country. An institutional
mechanism, with emphasis on a single window system, would catalyze the whole
process of agricultural exports from India, for which tremendous opportunities
exist but have not been tapped presently.

I am sure that the 4th Agriculture Leadership Summit 2011 on the theme of Policy
Reforms for Farm Growth will be able to address the issues of productivity,
environmental challenges, land and subsidies reforms, food security and all
other related issues that our farmers and agriculture sector faces today, and
would come out with the recommendations for Government to consider addressing
the challenges to the agriculture sector." For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Pakistan: 'Govt must mull taxing agriculture sector'

LENGTH: 795  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, May 20 -- THE government must revisit the option of taxing the
agriculture sector which is playing a vital role in national food security and
give direct subsidies on agriculture inputs to increase productivity of the
sector.

There is also a need to fix the agriculture sector export targets other than the
local food requirements which will make it competitive and increase the
agriculture sector income which can be taxed.

These views were expressed by the participants of Jang Economic Session on the
topic "Self-Reliance in Agriculture Sector - Imposition of Taxes on Agriculture
Income" here on Wednesday. The participants were Punjab Food Secretary Irfan
Elahi, Farmers Associates of Pakistan (FAP) Director Hamid Malhi, Pakistan
Agriculture Scientists Association Chairman Jamshaid Cheema, Former Chairman
Pakistan Flour Mills Association Bilal Sufi and Agriculture Chamber Punjab
President Muhammad Nasir Cheema. The session was jointly hosted by Sikandar
Hameed Lodhi and Intikhab Tariq.

Irfan Elahi said the government must encourage the export of valued-added items
of wheat and fixed the annual target which would create a permanent market for
Pakistani wheat products globally. He said the government had provided subsidy
to the urban population on agriculture produce and to farmers on agri inputs and
taxing of agriculture sector was just change of money from one pocket to
another.

But it could increase the cost of production and create inflation which could
affect everyone, including rural economy and consumers.

Talking about the impact of direct subsidies for the farmers, he said that it
would decrease the cost of production for farmers and affect the price while
reduction in price would benefit consumers and reduce the inflation and ease out
the government. He was of the view that the government conducted research on
seed varieties and provide to farmers such seed which increased the per acre
production.

On jute bags distribution, Irfan said the Punjab government focused small
farmers of land holding up to 12.5 acre land and issuing 100 bags one time.

He said the Punjab Food department was procuring wheat on a daily target basis
if it would purchase wheat quickly in one go then it could crash the market
price.

Hamid Malhi said surplus production was not an issue for Pakistani agriculture
sector which it had proved during the last few years as rice and cotton exports
increased while wheat was also exported. He said that from only wheat export,
the country saved $2.5 billion foreign exchange as it had exported $1.5 billion
wheat last year while it imported the same amount wheat two years ago.

He said the government wanted to tax agriculture sector to meet its expenses and
reduce the circular debt. He said sonly the KESC circular debt was Rs 80 billion
which was 26 percent of total while HESCO circular debt was Rs 26 billion. He
said increase in agriculture production did not mean that their income would
increase as the cost of production had also increased.

In case of Rs 910 per maund cost of wheat with the sale price of Rs 950 per
maund, the profit was minimal, he said, adding that the agriculture tax was
already imposed but there were some flaws in collection which needed to be
removed. He said when agriculture income tax imposed, its first year collection
was Rs 1.5 billion in Punjab which went down to Rs 700 million. He said 96
percent people of agriculture sector were not in the tax net as their annual
income was less than Rs 300,000.

Jamshaid Cheema said there was a need to look ahead to self-reliance. He said
the government must increase loan for agriculture sector to 15 percent from
current three per cent only.

He said Pakistan's agriculture sector had potential to export $200 billion
production annually, adding that said the current production level could not
improve the life of Pakistani farmers.

Bilal Sufi said that during the last three years wheat production ensured food
security and there would be good production of wheat in the next three years as
well. He called for direct subsidy for farmers and on agri inputs which would
decrease the prices.

He said federal government did injustice with Punjab government in wheat export.
He said there was permanent surplus wheat export policy in the country and it
also allowed the value-added wheat products export.

Nasir Cheema said farmers were facing loss while the government was planning to
impose taxes on them. He said middlemen were exploiting farmers and purchasing
wheat at Rs 850 per maund. He said cost of production had increased three times
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Govt taking steps to provide relief to farmers: minister

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 296

LENGTH: 192  words


Provincial Minister for Agriculture Dr Farrukh Javed on Wednesday said that
Punjab government was taking every possible step to provide maximum financial
relief to farmers.

Talking to a delegation of farmers, he said the

government had taken serious step to provide relief and increase agriculture
production, said a handout issued here.

The Minister said that Kisan Package of Rs 100 billion would provide
interest-free loan to 500,000 farmers and help diminish the role of middle-man.

He stated that registration of farmers regarding loans would continue till mid
of November and the government would start distribution of loans soon.

The representative of farmers paid tributes to the Punjab government and
Minister Agriculture for their special efforts regarding agriculture income tax.

He said that government had decided to withhold collection of agriculture income
tax from the farmers. The decision was taken on the complains of farmers across
the Punjab regarding complicated procedure of collection of agriculture income
tax, he said and added that direction in this regard had been issued to all
field officers and Assistant Commissioners of Revenue.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 11, 1989, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Farm income to hit four-year low: Ottawa

BYLINE: John Fox

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 334 words


  Farm income will slide sharply lower than expected this year, led by poorer
pork and wheat prices, federal officials predict.

Western Canada will bear the brunt of the drop, Agriculture Canada economists
said yesterday in a revision of earlier forecasts.

Although total farm cash receipts will remain unchanged at about $22 billion,
realized net farm income (after deducting expenses and depreciation) will
plummet 24% to $3.7 billion this year from $4.9 billion in 1988, the economists
said in their quarterly forecast.

It would be the lowest farm-income level since 1985.

The agriculture department had originally predicted a 16% income drop at its
annual outlook conference last December.

But the income figures had to be trimmed last month when a long-awaited increase
in hog and pork prices failed to materialize, Agriculture Canada analyst Wayne
Jones said.

Economists originally expected pork prices to strengthen this year in response
to a 4% to 6% decrease in the number of U.S. pigs.

But a recent report that the U.S. herd is not shrinking - and might actually
grow 1% this year - has held Canadian prices at low levels.

The sale of hogs and pork amounts to $2 billion a year, or about 10% of all farm
cash receipts.

Jones also said wheat farmers received about $300 million less than expected in
January when they collected their final payment from the sale of the 1987-88
crop.

Heavy export subsidies on U.S. and European grain that year pushed wheat prices
lower than economists expected.

Western farmers will be hit hardest this year, Jones said. Last year's drought
will lead to a 3% drop in revenue in Saskatchewan, while operating expenses will
jump 16% as farmers increase production to make up for last year's poor showing.

The report also showed federal government support to farmers will drop 12% this
year to $3.3 billion. Jones said higher prices caused by the drought have
reduced payouts in several farm aid programs.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 Financial Post Ltd.


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Afternoon Voice (India)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Centre sets up panel for doubling farming income by 2022

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: India


India, April 22 -- The government has set up a panel to prepare a blueprint for
doubling farmers' income by 2022, as promised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

"The committee will chalk out a plan to shift farm policies from being
production-oriented to based on incomes," a senior Agriculture Ministry official
said.

The eight-member panel will identify potential areas of agriculture where more
investment should happen and suggest ways to reduce the risk of farming by
diversifying to horticulture and allied activities like livestock and fisheries
to boost income, the official added.

The government's decision to set up the committee follows the budget
announcement that set a target of doubling farm incomes by 2022.

The inter-ministerial panel, which is expected to submit the report in two
months, will also look at reducing the cost of cultivation and addressing
unpredictability of weather and price fluctuations in farm sector.

"The government is focusing not only on increasing crop yields but also on
reducing the cost of cultivation to increase the net income of farmers. The
schemes on soil health card, neem-coated urea and per drop more crop, are aimed
at bringing down the cost of cultivation," the official said.

Besides, the government is trying to address the unpredictability in agriculture
due to market fluctuations, and due to weather by setting up an electronic
National Agriculture Market and implementing a new crop insurance scheme, he
added.

The committee will be headed by Ashok Dalwai, Additional secretary at the
Agriculture Ministry. The other members will be officials from Agriculture and
Food Ministries as well as experts from the Delhi-based National Council of
Applied Economic Research and National Institute of Agricultural Economics and
Policy Research.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Afternoon Voice. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 afternoonvoice.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Govt taking steps to provide relief to farmers: minister

LENGTH: 200 words

DATELINE: New York



 LAHORE: Provincial Minister for Agriculture
 Dr Farrukh Javed on Wednesday said that Punjab government was
 taking every possible step to provide maximum financial relief
 to farmers.


 Talking to a delegation of farmers, he said the
 government had taken serious step to provide relief and increase agriculture
production, said a handout issued here.
      The Minister said that Kisan Package of Rs 100 billion
 would provide interest-free loan to 500,000 farmers and help
 diminish the role of middle-man.
      He stated that registration of farmers regarding loans
 would continue till mid of November and the government would
 start distribution of loans soon.
      The representative of farmers paid tributes to the Punjab
 government and Minister Agriculture for their special efforts
 regarding agriculture income tax.
      He said that government had decided to withhold collection
 of agriculture income tax from the farmers. The decision was
 taken on the complains of farmers across the Punjab regarding
 complicated procedure of collection of agriculture income tax,
 he said and added that direction in this regard had been issued
 to all field officers and Assistant Commissioners of Revenue.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                               May 4, 2014 Sunday

Tax on farm earnings: WB proposes annexing income at market level

LENGTH: 600  words


In a bid to take tax revenues to a respectable level, the World Bank (WB) has
proposed capturing agricultural income at a stage when farmers bring their crops
to the market  as the existing mechanisms to collect tax on farm earnings have
failed to yield results.

The proposal is part of prospective areas that the bank has identified to
increase extremely low provincial tax revenues. The Washington-based lending
agency has added these tax measures in its recently approved five-year Country
Partnership Strategy for Pakistan.

It is aiming at following the identified areas during its discussions with the
provincial authorities.

According to the proposal, Pakistan may levy a presumptive agriculture income
tax at marketing stage. The purpose is to charge tax at a certain percentage of
the total value of crops such as wheat, cotton and rice.

The proposal is workable and provinces may capture the value of the agriculture
income and levy a presumptive tax at 2% of the total value that will give them
significant revenues, said Ashfaq Tola, a renowned Karachi-based tax expert, who
has done several studies on enhancing provincial revenues.

The total revenue collection from the agriculture sector was less than Rs1
billion in the last financial year. Under the Constitution, income from
agriculture is a provincial subject and many landlords and industrialists
exploit this lacuna in the law and declare their income as agriculture income to
evade taxes.

The provincial governments have not been collecting revenues from agriculture
income, primarily because the bulk of the political, civil and military
bureaucratic leadership has rural connections, according to analysts.

Pakistan has one of the lowest tax-to-GDP ratios in the world, hovering around
9% of the total national output. Efforts to increase the ratio, launched by the
Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) government, are also fading away, as the
Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) is even falling short of its downward revised tax
target of Rs2.345 trillion.

The World Bank said the efforts at increasing tax collection would not spare the
provinces. A well-known reason for a low tax-to-GDP ratio was the extremely poor
tax effort by provinces, it added.

The provincial taxes, on the average, have contributed less the 4% to overall
national tax collection, which is less than half percentage point of the total
national output.

However, this contribution increased to almost 7% after General Sales Tax (GST)
on services was transferred to the province in 2010/11 following the 18th
constitutional amendment. The international lender that is providing policy
advice to federal and provincial governments of Sindh and Punjab believes that
still there is significant scope for even more improvement.

The World Bank has also proposed that the provinces may expand the base of the
GST on services by bringing import of services into the tax net or levying
presumptive tax on informal services.

The imported services in sectors like communication, construction, financial,
computer and telecommunication could be taxed by the provinces, according to
experts.

The international lender has also recommended to the provinces to update the
evaluation of properties by reducing the differential in rates of property tax
for rented and owned properties, and devolving the property tax to city
governments.

It has asked the provinces to strengthen provincial tax administrations by
modernising them to support enforcement and audit and ensure taxpayers'
compliance.

Published in The Express Tribune, May 4th, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Centre must publish data on farmers' income: Ramesh Chand, Niti Aayog

BYLINE: Sandip Das

LENGTH: 375  words


In a bid to effectively deal with the current agriculture crisis, the government
must publish annual data on farmers' income for ensuring that the programmes and
policies are focused towards their welfare, Ramesh Chand, member, Niti Aayog,
said on Sunday.

"Our national accounts statistics by Central Statistical Organisation do not
publish data on farmers' income and if we do not know about the level of their
income, the focus on their welfare would be difficult," Chand said at the
inauguration of the National Conference on Sustainable Agriculture and Farmers
Welfare.

Chand, also a leading agricultural economist, said the crisis in agriculture
sector is mostly compounded by depressed prices of various agricultural
commodities while the output had been impacted by the two successive deficient
monsoon years - 2014 and 2015.

"Since last two years, the agriculture sector is facing peculiar crisis as
despite fall in national foodgrain output, the prices have been subdued for the
most of commodities thus adversely impacting the farmers' income," he noted.

Terming the reports of farmers' suicides as the fallout of decrease in their
income, Chand said that after 2008, when average commodities prices rose by as
high as 30%, the farmers real income grew by around 4%. However, afterwards the
commodities prices crashed since 2012, the farmers' income had been hit thus
deepening the agricultural crisis.

Stating that around 25 lakh farmers annually leave agriculture sector because
'its no-more a remunerative option', however most of these farmers do not sell
or leave their land thus impacting productivity. Chand recommended relaxation in
land lease laws so that people can take up agricultural activities in these
farms which are leased by the farmers.

"According to an assessment, 53% of the farmers would remain in poverty if they
do not get income also from non-agricultural activities," he observed.

Prime Minister Narendra Modi would attend the two-day national conference on
organic farming on Monday where he would officially declared Sikkim as organic
state. According to state government officials, Sikkim has become country's
first fully organic state by converting around 75,000 hectares of agricultural
land into sustainable cultivation.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday

MAP INSIGHTS;
Planning agriculture and fisheries

BYLINE: Manuel A. Alcuaz, Jr.

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 666 words


This article is inspired by two articles written by Mr. Ernie Ordonez published
in the Philippine Daily Inquirer on Jan. 28, 2011 and Feb. 3, 2011 where he
wrote about Five Goals and Eight Strategies which were identified in a small
group discussion.

The five goals were:

     ·    * Increase farmer and fisherfolk incomes.


     ·    * Increase private and public agriculture and fisheries investments.


     ·    * Restore agriculture and fisheries trade surplus.


     ·    * Increase jobs in the agribusiness production supply chain.


     ·    * Increase food security.


The eight strategies were:

     ·    * Organize farmers and fisherfolk.


     ·    * Strengthen and mobilize greater LGU (local government unit) support
          for agriculture and fisheries.


     ·    * Restore integrity and eliminate pervasive corruption.


     ·    * Rationalize the Department of Agriculture (DA) budget.


     ·    * Develop fisheries.


     ·    * Empower rural women.


     ·    * Strengthen credit, guarantee, and insurance.


     ·    * Cushion the impact of and adapt to climate change.


While I am neither a farmer nor a fisherman, back in Cory's administration I did
some consulting work for the Department of Agriculture using Ends-Means Trees.
Unfortunately, most columns do not print diagrams so I will have to use hundreds
of words to make readers imagine the diagram.

Essentially, an Ends-Means Tree is a diagram with the high-level objectives at
the top; with means supporting the objectives below and more detailed means at
lower levels.

In effect, an Ends-Means Tree is a graphic way of using the Why? What? How?
governance discipline that I have earlier written about.

I thought about the five goals and strictly speaking, only two are high level
goals or Whys?

- Increase farmer and fisherfolk incomes.

- Increase food security.

The other three means are Whats? and Hows?

So imagine a diagram with two goals at the top.

Interestingly, there is some conflict between the two. To increase income,
higher prices would help.

On the other hand, food security is for the rest of the population. And high
prices are not part of the security we seek.

In order to increase income, there are three means that have to work together:

- Increase production.

- Increase farm gate prices.

- Reduce costs.

Strangely, these were not among five goals or eight strategies. That is one
advantage of using a diagram; it improves analysis.

Those three means have to work together. Just increasing production can lead to
oversupply that can drastically drive prices down and create a shortage of
harvest, storage, and transport facilities which could ironically result in
lower income for farmers and fishermen.

Increasing Private and Public Investment supports production increase and cost
reduction.

Increasing jobs in the food chain as another goal also supports increase in
farmer and fisherfolk family income since there will be more employment in the
rural areas.

Increase in production supports the restoration of agriculture and fisheries
trade surplus. Both support the objective for increased food security.

The strategy to organize farmers and fishers will help increase income through
cost reduction and higher farm-gate prices.

Strengthening and mobilizing LGU support for agriculture and fisheries will help
reduce costs, increase farm-gate prices, and increase production.

Improving integrity and eliminating corruption will increase investment and help
restore agriculture and fisheries trade surplus. The corrupt previous
administration ignored helping farmers and fishermen in favor of importation
where making money was easier.

Finally, rationalizing DA's budget will help the limited funds help farmers and
fisherfolk better.

Hope you can see the Ends-Means Tree in your mind. You can email me at
malcuaz@gmail.com to request for my diagrams.

The article reflects the personal opinion of the author and does not reflect the
official stand of the Management Association of the Philippines. The author is
president of Systems Sciences Consult, Inc. and member of the MAP National
Issues Committee. Feedback at map@globelines.com.ph For previous articles,
please visit <map.org.ph>.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday

Mini-budget to up inflation by 35pc, ruin agriculture

BYLINE:  SALMAN ABDUHOO

SECTION: Vol. XXV No. 37

LENGTH: 1142  words


The business community and economic experts: ike would further jump by 30 to 35
percent due to this anti-public decision.

The Customs Department has stopped the entry of all consignment at ports and
demanding sales tax, as the items in Chapter 29, 34 and 39, which were earlier
exempted from sales tax, have now been included in the tax net, traders said and
added that after the sales tax imposition the income tax would also be levied on
them.

The 18 percent sales tax has been imposed on zero-rated items while their income
tax has been raised to 7 percent from 6, besides excise duty of 2.5 percent,
which would lead to around 30 to 35 percent inflation for consumer goods, said
Khawaja Khawar Rasheed, a business leader of the FPCCI. He said the government
finally implemented the 15 percent flood surcharge on income of corporates and
individuals initially for the remaining 3 month period of the current fiscal
year.

Experts said the preliminary impressions suggest that the new tax would curb
FY11 earnings growth by 1.5 percent to 19.5 percent from 21 percent earlier. On
individual companies, this new taxation measure would erode profits on an
average by 2 percent, they added. Umer Bin Ayaz, an economy expert, said the
government has also withdrawn sales tax exemptions and implemented 2.5 percent
special excise duty and has increased the applicable tax of sugar. All these
measure are likely to generate additional tax revenue of Rs53b as per official
estimates, along with planned expenditure cuts of around Rs67b.

Jamshaid Iqbal Cheema, an agri expert and Chairman Pakistan Agricultural
Scientists Association said that govt had assured them to impose tax on agri
income but instead of that it has imposed tax on agri inputs, which result into
reduction in yielding of crop. He said when crop production is decreased by 10
percent then its price is jumped by 30 percent.

He said that the taxation on agriculture sector has always been negligible and
the share of federal tax collection from agriculture sector has been only 0.12
percent of GDP in 2003-2004. He pointed out that the low share indicated that
the entire value-added chain in the agriculture sector is nearly tax-exempted.

Noted economist Dr Ashfaq Hassan Khan declared this step of the government as
positive but said that it was too late, which reflected the inefficiency of the
economic managers of the present government. He argued that although
agriculture's share in national income exceeds 23 percent, revenue raised from
the sector is negligible. With limited tax potential of many subsistence
farmers, the land revenue system needs to be replaced by agricultural income tax
for any significant increase in revenues from this sector. Besides these
additional revenue generation measures, the government also announced fiscal
austerity measures which include: Petroleum entitlement, stationary and
travelling allowances to be cut by 50 percent for the remaining part of the
year. A complete freeze on purchase of durable goods and hiring of the human
resource, have also been announced, he said.

He said that initial impressions suggest a negative to neutral impact on the
stock market and an inflationary pressure from the macro view point.
Nevertheless, in the medium to long-term he viewed these measures as positive
for the economy.

The LCCI former president Aftab Vohra said that the trade bodies of the country
have been proposing the imposition of the agricultural income tax for a long
time. He said the industrial sector is paying huge amount of direct taxes
whereas the big landlords are paying nothing. He siaed the fuedals who are
paying nothing should be forced to pay income tax, sales tax and excise duty.

Muzzammil Aslam, an economist, observed that with these measures, the government
is expected to contain the deficit by an incremental Rs120b, including Rs53b
through taxes and Rs67b through curtailed expenditures. LCCI President Shahzad
Ali Malik said that the decision would bring a tsunami of inflation that would
be entering into a new phenomenon. He said that it was very unfortunate that the
"Mini budget" was announced at a time when the government was bridging the
resource gap by printing new notes worth over Rs 2 billion daily.

"As the incomes are stagnant or declining since the last three years and the
average increase in energy tariffs has been very high, even one or two per cent
increase in taxes would create a Dooms Day scenario."

Pakistan Leather Garments Manufacturers and Exporters Association Chairman Fawad
Ijaz Khan has said the recent hike in the excise duty, sales tax, power tariff
and the imposition of surcharge on income tax will shoot up the cost of
production of the leather garments sector.

In a statement, Chairman PLEGMEA stated that we should not have any objection on
the levy of sales tax on local sales of finish items fall under five zero-rated
sectors because the sales tax throughout the world is levied on local sales.

However, under the new presidential ordinance a supplier will not charge sales
tax if he sells his products to manufacturers or exporters.

He stated that a large number of commercial importers and local raw material
suppliers will now have to pay sales tax on the import of leather, chemicals and
accessories of garments. Such importers/suppliers will charge sales tax on their
sales.

Meanwhile, Sindh Chamber of Agriculture President Dr Syed Nadeem Qamar and other
members have strongly condemned the imposition of taxes thorough Presidential
Ordinance and demanded the government to withdraw the ordinance under which the
taxes on income, imports, agriculture and domestic sales have been imposed by
the government.

They observed that the move to withdraw the subsidy on agriculture inputs and
engineering items through the Ordinance would adversely affect the agriculture
sector.

The inputs and item including fertilizers, pesticides, tractors, plant
machinery, equipments, implements and parts are essentially required for
accelerated agriculture development, they said and added that the businessmen
are applying all their efforts to exploit and they do not want to see the
prosperity of agriculture, country and agriculture-friendly government for their
own interests.

The business have already increased the rates of fertilizers with justification,
they said and added that the withdrawal of subsidy will further slow down the
agriculture development which needs to be accelerated to improve the economy of
the country.

The agriculture sector has badly been damaged by floods and received overall
loss of 50 percent, they said and urged that under present circumstances, the
agriculture needs very wisely provision of incentives, but inappropriate,
adverse and unfavourable policies such as withdrawal of subsidy will deteriorate
the progress of agriculture sector and economy of the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 30, 2010 Thursday

Study proposes incentives to farmers for paying agriculture income tax

BYLINE:  RECORDER REPORT

SECTION: Vol. XLVI No. 358

LENGTH: 675  words


A study conducted by the Directorate-General of Internal Audit Inland Revenue
has proposed some concessions/incentives for farmers willing to pay tax on
agricultural income. This will help in promoting compliance by the farming
community.

It is learnt that the directorate has submitted a study on the agricultural
income tax, which is based on ground realities in the country. According to the
report, the government should provide inducement to the prospective taxpayers in
the form of concessions, such as supply of easy credit for purchase of
fertiliser, seeds and required water, etc.

In other words, a congenial environment has to be created for tax collection
from the agriculture sector. Provision of tax remission should be made in case
of 'bad crop' due to recent floods. Any discontentment among the farmers will be
more than offset by the pleasant impact that the tax will otherwise have on the
overall situation in general, and urban population in particular.

The study said that the industrial and service classes have long been clamouring
for such tax, which has so far been resisted by landlords. If the government is
afraid of the loss of its popularity among the rural people, it would be more
than offsetting the favourable response from the urban population, particularly
the industrialists and service class which, though a small segment of the total
population, nonetheless, is very vocal and influential.

The theoretical desirability of agricultural income tax crops up from a number
of considerations. The case for agricultural income tax flows from low
contributions of agriculture to government tax revenue. It is argued that
although agriculture's share in national income exceeds 23 percent, revenue
raised from the sector is, at best, small.

With limited tax potential of many subsistence farmers, the land revenue system
needs to be replaced by agricultural income tax for any significant increase in
revenue from this sector. It is further argued that since the discrimination
against agriculture in the form of low prices has ended or diminished in recent
years, there exists a large untaxed potential which can be tapped by taxing this
sector.

The report said that the justification for agricultural income tax is further
built on criticism of land revenue system as an outmoded, regressive, and price
and income-inelastic system of taxation. By contrast, the progressive rate
structure of agricultural income tax permits heavier taxation of those with
sufficient ability to pay, and exemptions for the poor.

Thus, the system of agricultural income tax is helpful in achieving the most
cherished goals of economic development such as equitable income distribution,
poverty alleviation and resultant better nutrition in the rural areas. It has
also been argued that the income-based tax system would be income and
price-elastic and would rid the economy of costly and politically sensitive
periodic land assessments for increases in government's tax revenue from
agriculture.

About the limitations of agricultural income tax, the report said that in spite
of its theoretical appeal, the imposition of agricultural income tax in Pakistan
seems neither too practicable nor justified on any ground--whether economic,
social or political.

Under the present situation of poor administration, rampant corruption and
favouritism, the successful implementation of a graduated land tax, like the
various land reform attempts, can be seriously doubted. There is no doubt that
various problems in the imposition and collection of agricultural tax will
arise.

But these should not deter the government from delay or dilly-dallying in the
matter. It is feared that the government may face resistance on the part of the
powerful landlord lobby because nobody wants to pay taxes. In order to surmount
the problem, the government may try to publicise, and educate, the farmers in
respect of the advantages of the tax. For this purpose, pamphlets in local
languages may be distributed among the farmers by the provincial governments,
free of cost.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

Our View: Time to crop the subsidies to farmers

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 513 words


The following editorial appeared in the Washington Post:

The flip side of the high food prices that continue to nag at family budgets is
a boom down on the farm, as the people who grow commodities enjoy record prices
for both land and crops. The Agriculture Department projects net farm income of
$94.7 billion in 2011, up almost 20 percent over the previous year and the
second-best year for farm income since 1976. Indeed, the department notes that
the top five earnings years out of the past 30 have occurred since 2004.

Corn and wheat farmers are living large, but most fortunate of all are cotton
farmers. Cotton receipts, the USDA says, are expected to rise by more than
one-third this year, boosted by a 31 percent rise in exports. Cotton is so
lucrative, in fact, that many grain farmers are shifting acreage into the fluffy
white crop, notwithstanding the high prices for corn, wheat and soybeans.

The farm boom reflects a host of factors, from strong demand in emerging markets
such as India and China to a long drought in Australia s wheat-growing regions.
But U.S. government policies, including support for corn-based ethanol and the
Federal Reserve s money-cheapening quantitative easing, also have helped.

In other words, the case for direct federal subsidies of agriculture has never
been weaker. But try telling that to the House Agriculture Committee, whose
Republican chairman and senior Democrat recently wrote to House Budget Committee
Chairman Paul Ryan, R-Wis., pleading with him to spare farmers in his
forthcoming fiscal 2012 budget plan: Some may argue that the current agriculture
economy and farm prices are strong and therefore now would be a good time to cut
our agriculture policies even further, wrote Frank Lucas, R-Okla., and Collin
Peterson, D-Minn., but this conclusion ignores lessons from history. The
agriculture economy is cyclical. The letter implied that the Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program, which helps low-income Americans buy groceries,
might be trimmed instead.

You heard that right: Low-income people who are struggling in the here and now
should be considered for less aid so that middle- and upper-income people (which
is what most farmers are) can be protected against hard times that might come,
someday.

The farm-state legislators have a point. Spending on the farm safety net has
been in decline; it averaged $12.9 billion per year over the past half-decade,
about $5 billion per year less than the 2002-06 average. And agriculture is,
indeed, cyclical. USDA forecasts a further drop in government payments to $10.6
billion in 2011 in part because certain programs don t pay in the fat years.

But direct payments - a $5 billion-a-year handout to grain and cotton farmers
regardless of economic conditions - remain, as does the question of why farmers
should get subsidies at all. After all, the whole economy is cyclical. And when
it s going through a bad time, as it is now, it seems doubly unfair to expect
taxpayers to prop up what are often wealthy producers, much less to expect the
poor to sacrifice nutrition benefits.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2011 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                            December 4, 2006 Monday

What should the priorities be in the reauthorizing of the farm bill?;
Compromise Is 'Essential' for Farm Bills

BYLINE: Rep. Bob Goodlatte

SECTION: THE AGENDA AHEAD

LENGTH: 1005 words


Every five years, Congress writes a farm bill setting the nation's agriculture
policy. Food security is a key component of our national security, and farm
bills are written to assist the nation's producers in meeting challenges such as
fluctuations in price and heavily subsidized foreign competition, and to ensure
that our nation always has an adequate and safe food supply.

Agricultural producers must be able to make a living while meeting America's
food and fiber needs, and we can protect and strengthen rural America with farm
programs that open markets while providing some level of risk protection. Farm
bills are written to keep agriculture strong and to enable farmers to continue
to make a profit on their land.

These farm bills are complex, however, requiring Congress to balance the diverse
interests of production agriculture, trade, conservation, nutrition, research
and rural economic development. Forging such a compromise is never easy, but it
is essential, given the tremendous role that agriculture plays in the U.S.
economy.

There are 2.2 million farms in the United States on 933 million acres of farm
and ranch lands. Approximately 50 million Americans - 17 percent of the
population - live in rural America, and 2 million people, or 1.4 percent of the
nation's work force, are directly involved in farming and ranching. Another 22
million, or 15 percent, are involved in the production, manufacturing, transport
and marketing of the nation's food and fiber.

Last year, the agricultural sector added almost $145 billion to the U.S.
economy.

Another $1.1 trillion is added to the U.S. economy by the manufacturing,
transport and marketing segments.

The Department of Agriculture estimates that net farm income in 2006 will be
approximately $55 billion. U.S. agriculture is one of the few sectors that
exports more than it imports, resulting in a trade surplus of $4.8 billion in
2005.

And if anyone doubts the impact that U.S. agricultural policy has on their
households, consider this: U.S. families spend 8 percent of disposable income on
their household food budget, lower than any other nation. The United Kingdom is
second, spending 13 percent. Others spend one-third to one-half to three-fourths
of their income.

U.S. farm policy costs pennies per meal and accounts for little more than
one-half of 1 percent of the U.S. budget.

The House Agriculture Committee did a good job developing the 2002 farm bill.
Written by a Republican chairman and signed by a Republican president, it was
passed in the depths of a major price recession and provided the authority for
commodity, conservation and agriculture-related programs through fiscal 2007.

This market-oriented legislation provided producers with the necessary tools and
safety net that enabled the U.S. agricultural economy to move forward in world
trade. It addressed farm income in a very forward-looking way, providing
producers with a stable farm income safety net that allows them to do long-range
planning and make the investments necessary to compete in an increasingly global
economy.

The 2002 farm bill made substantial investments in research, so that American
agricultural technology can continue to lead the world. In terms of
conservation, it is worth noting that the 2002 farm bill was the "greenest" farm
bill ever written, providing the largest increase ever in conservation spending:
$18 billion over five years, with a goal of ensuring that our natural resources
will continue to be available for generations to come.

In terms of rural development, the 2002 farm bill included provisions that have
enabled rural areas to make technology improvements and continued to provide
basic services while also preserving the nutrition programs that protect the
needy.

By all accounts, the 2002 farm bill was well-received across the country, but
none of us should have any illusions about the changed budgetary environment
that will accompany the 2007 farm bill debate. When the 2002 farm bill was
written, Congress was able to make substantial improvements in the farm income
safety net and increase conservation spending significantly because there was a
budget surplus and we had additional funds to do so. While farm prices and
market income have improved since then, we are facing a tighter federal budget.
Ranking member Collin Peterson (D-Minn.) and I already are in full agreement
that we will work hand in hand to make sure agriculture is treated fairly in the
budget process.

In addition to the budget pressures, the next farm bill will be affected by
constraints created by our World Trade Organization obligations, calls for
increased spending on conservation and new agriculture sectors seeking financial
assistance. Additional considerations shaping the next farm bill will include
protecting farmers from excessive government regulation and finding
opportunities to further agriculture's role in the expanding renewable fuels
market.

To prepare for a new farm bill, the Agriculture Committee has held 11 field
hearings nationwide, two Washington, D.C., hearings and 10 subcommittee hearings
(eight field hearings and two in Washington) to review farm policy. We heard
from producers, nutrition organizations, conservation groups, research
organizations and agribusinesses. These hearings have set the stage for writing
a new farm bill before the current law expires Sept. 30, 2007.

Americans enjoy the most abundant, least expensive and safest food supply in the
world. This has not come about by accident, however, and the justification for
farm bills has been their role in ensuring price and income protection to
producers, while also providing consumers with an abundance of food and fiber at
reasonable prices.

Writing a farm bill is a long and arduous process. Fortunately, the Agriculture
Committee has a long-standing reputation for being one of the most bipartisan
committees on Capitol Hill. There is every reason to believe this will continue
to be the case.

Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-Va.) is chairman of the House Agriculture Committee.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             August 9, 2011 Tuesday

China: Loan-2082 PRC: Fujian Soil Conservation and Rural Development II Project
in China

LENGTH: 501  words


Country China,People%sRep.of
Loan Number  2082
Project Number 33439- 01
Ordinary Capital Resources USD 80.0 million
Sector/Subsector Agriculture and Natural Resources
Agriculture and Natural Resources/Land-Based Natural Resources Management
Responsible ADB Department/s East and Central Asia Department
East Asia Department
Responsible ADB Division/s Agriculture, Environment, & Natural Resources
Division, ECRD
PRC Resident Mission
PID creation date 15 Nov 2006
Last PID update by project officer 26 Jul 2011
The Project%s goal is to narrow the income disparity between urban and rural
households in fragile environments of Fujian. The purpose of the Project is to
improve and diversify income opportunities of rural households in mountainous
and coastal areas of Fujian.


The project scope comprises three components and include (a) soil conservation
and integrated agriculture; (b) rural infrastructure; and (c) support services
and project management. Following a sector-like approach, subprojects within
components are selected according to the criteria agreed between Fujian
Provincial Government (FPG) and ADB.
The Government recognizes the need to address the widening gap in income and
living standards between the urban and rural population. Serious poverty remains
a major issue in the large number of rural counties and villages, where
agriculture and agriculture-related primary processing remain the only main
livelihood. The prospects of short-term financial gains often lead to
unsustainable land use practices, which, in turn, cause serious land and
environmental degradation. With steadily increasing disparity in income between
the urban and rural population and the mountainous, erosion-prone terrain, the
Fujian Government clearly saw the need to address the challenge to identify and
apply the appropriate technology to arrest the ongoing soil erosion and at the
same time ensure sustainable improvement of incomes and living standard in the
poor rural communities.
The Government%s long-term development goal is "to establish an all-around
well-off society by maintaining steady economic growth and by continuously
improving the people%s living standards." Key agenda of the Government%s reform
program to attain this goal are raising rural incomes, and reducing economic and
social inequalities between rural and urban residents and between progressive
and less progressive regions. To raise rural incomes, the Government%s
agriculture sector strategy focuses on measures to increase farm productivity
and value added, develop underutilized and waste land, diversify crop
production, adopt integrated approaches to farming that are environment
friendly, improve natural resource management, and preseve the environment to
support sustainable agriculture development.

The Project fits into ADB%s Country Strategy and Program (CSP) for 2004-2006 and
the poverty partnership agreement signed in September 2003, which emphasize (i)
following a broad

country :China
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 26, 2007 Thursday

Brown seeks to revise ag subsidies;
Senator's proposal calls for payouts based on revenue instead of crop prices.

BYLINE: By Ben Sutherly Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 271 words


U.S. Sen. Sherrod Brown on Wednesday proposed a bill favoring farm subsidies
based on revenue, not crop prices.

He also called for lower payment caps per farmer.

Under current law, farmers with adjusted gross incomes of up to $2.5 million can
qualify for farm subsidies, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. A
bill backed last week by the House of Representatives' agriculture committee
would lower that cap to $1 million, and also would affect those with adjusted
gross incomes of $500,000 to $1 million who receive less than two-thirds of
their income from farming. Brown called for "significantly lower" payment caps,
saying the $200,000 payment cap proposed by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
was "good."

The centerpiece of Brown's proposal is a "revenue counter cyclical program."
Under the program, payments to farmers would be based on revenue, not crop
prices alone. Brown said such a program would better protect farmers, for
example, in times of drought, when prices might be high but yields are low.

Brown, Ohio's first member of the Senate Agriculture Committee in about 40
years, said his proposal "fixes many holes in the safety net."

The American Farmland Trust and National Corn Growers Association backed Brown's
proposal. But Ben Lilliston of the advocacy group Institute for Agriculture and
Trade Policy in Minneapolis said subsidies based on revenue don't stabilize crop
prices. And they keep prices low, benefiting large agribusinesses, he said.

Both the House and Senate must hammer out final versions of the farm bill, which
are expected to be reconciled in committee before going to the president.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 12, 1991 Friday

Farm income estimates raised

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 340 words


BY OLIVER BERTIN
Agriculture and Food Reporter
The federal Department of Agriculture has raised its estimates of farm
income for 1991, but farmers are, nevertheless, expected to earn far less
than in recent years.

According to the latest figures, Canadian farmers will earn $2.6-
billion in total net income this year, compared with $4.4-billion in 1990
and $4.9-billion the year before.

Total net income is a standard measure used by federal economists to
compare the profitability of Canada's farming community. It includes
revenue from government subsidies and the sale of produce and inventory,
as well as the cost of depreciation and operating the farm.

Federal economists revised their previous estimate of 1991 income
upward by more than $500-million to include two new farm subsidies
introduced this spring by the federal and provincial governments.

These programs are the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan and the Net Income
Stabilization Account, and are generally referred to as GRIP and NISA.

Agriculture Canada expects to raise the 1991 income figures again this
spring when the federal and provincial governments announce their long-
awaited transitional assistance plans.

These plans are designed to act as a bridge between the system of cash
bailouts that Ottawa has used in the past, and the new "safety net"
programs that are being introduced under GRIP and NISA.

As expected, the prairie provincies are expected to suffer the largest
drop in income this year. The worldwide decline in grain prices will cut
realized net farm income in Saskatchewan by 65 per cent to only $266-
million. Alberta income is expected to fall 62 per cent to $279-million,
and Manitoba 37 per cent, to $191-million.

Realized net income is a federal measure that includes depreciation but
not changes in inventory. It can be compared with operating profit.

Saskatchewan farmers are expected to compensate for the income drop by
cleaning out their grain bins and selling whatever inventory they have
available. This, federal economists estimate, will give them an extra
$800-million.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Pakistan: With heavy reliance on federal govt, Sindh keeps agriculture tax
elusive

LENGTH: 653  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, June 15 -- It seems the Sindh government has finally realised that its
pitiful record on the provincial tax collection is hardly sustainable.

While announcing the establishment of a dedicated Tax Reform Unit during the
Sindh budget speech on Friday, Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah said the
provincial government aims to increase its tax receipts from Rs91.3 billion to
Rs200 billion over the next three years.

Estimated provincial tax receipts amounting to Rs107 billion constitute merely
15.9% of the total receipts of the province projected for 2014-15. In other
words, the Sindh government finds itself largely dependent on federal transfers
of money, which constitute as much as 70.5% of the total provincial receipts
that are projected to be Rs672.1 billion in the next fiscal year.

As if the extremely low share of the tax receipts in the overall provincial
receipts was not embarrassing enough, a quick look at the breakdown of Sindh's
tax revenues reveals a sharp tilt towards indirect taxation.

Indirect taxes, which are regressive by nature, form as much as 90.7% of the
total projected provincial tax receipts for 2014-15. Direct taxes, which include
the tax on agriculture income, amount to just Rs9.9 billion, or 9.2%, of the
total provincial tax receipts.

In the absence of resource mobilisation at the provincial level, especially by
means of direct taxes, it is least surprising that the Sindh government
repetitively complains about the 'highly unpredictable' federal transfers every
year.

This begs the question as to why the provincial government is so unconcerned
about increasing its tax revenues through direct taxation.

According to Sindh's former (caretaker) minister for finance Syed Shabbar Zaidi,
the provincial government does not want to collect taxes simply to protect the
vested interests.

"Tax is an urban issue in Pakistan. Its collection is limited to big cities
only," he told The media in a pre-budget interview.

Indeed, the amount collected as the tax on agriculture income, which was imposed
in the province back in 2002, is shockingly low. The provincial government had
initially estimated the tax on agriculture income to be Rs468.6 million in
2013-14, but revised it to Rs426.5 million later on, down by almost 9%. The
budget estimate for the tax on agriculture income in 2014-15 is only Rs512.1
million.

It means the tax target for agriculture income for the next fiscal year comes
around 0.4% of the total projected provincial tax receipts.

Quite tellingly, the amount of Rs512.1 million is considerably lower than the
non-tax receipts of Rs546 million that the government expects to receive in
2014-15 through fees drawn by government's educational institutes, including
secondary and intermediate schools, technical colleges and universities.

Furthermore, a quick review of the estimates of expenditures reveals that the
government has promised agriculture subsidies, which exclude administration
expenses, amounting to a staggering Rs3.1 billion in 2014-15.

With heavy subsidies and near-absence of taxation on the income on agriculture,
no wonder the provincial government is going to rely on indirect taxation by
means of sales tax on services (Rs49 billion), provincial excise tax (Rs3.8
billion), stamps duty (Rs9.8 billion) and motor vehicle taxes (Rs5.1 billion).

"It's been 12 years and the Sindh government has yet to establish an SRB-like,
dedicated body for the collection of the tax on agriculture income," Zaidi said
while referring to the Sindh Revenue Board that is tasked with the sole purpose
of collecting sales tax on services in the province. "Who will tax the income on
agriculture if there is not even a full-time provincial secretary for this
purpose?

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Tax details of Sharif clan not in the FBR directory

LENGTH: 451  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, his wife, two sons and the spouse of one
of them paid Rs16,062,173 as income, farm and agriculture taxes in 2013.

Meanwhile, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif deposited in the national kitty Rs1.2
million as agriculture tax and Rs700,000 as farm (Raiwind) tax in addition to
Rs2,646,401 as income tax.The mother of the prime minister and the Punjab chief
minister disbursed Rs800,000 as agriculture tax, according to the details
provided to media by the sources close to the Sharif family.



The farm and agriculture taxes paid by the federal and provincial legislators
were not reflected in the tax directory released by the Federal Board of Revenue
(FBR) because it incorporated the income tax only.

Shahbaz Sharif, his wife, two sons and the wife of one of them paid Rs14,092,497
in the year 2012 and Rs10,376,788 in the year 2011 as income, agriculture and
farm taxes.

The farm tax, stayed by the Lahore High Court, was imposed two years back by the
Punjab government on large farm houses, which abound in the province and pay no
tax on the sprawling properties.

According to details, Shahbaz Sharif shelled out Rs6,060,680 as taxes -
Rs1,706,250 as income tax; Rs710,627 as farm tax; and Rs3,644,300 as income tax
- in 2013. In the preceding year, these taxes totaled Rs5,816,616. His wife,
Nusrat, disbursed Rs1,596,585 as taxes - Rs884,285 as income tax and Rs712,500
as agriculture tax.

His son, Hamza, who is member of the National Assembly, paid Rs4,383,180 as
income tax. His other son, Suleman, gave Rs3,445,689 as income tax while his
spouse, Zainab, Rs575,681.

According to the statements of assets and liabilities for the year 2012-13
released by the Election Commission of Pakistan the net worth of assets owned by
Nawaz Sharif is Rs1.71 billion. He put the current value of his six agricultural
properties (over 1,700 kanals in Lahore and Sheikhupura at Rs1.08bn and that of
a house in Upper Mall, Lahore, at Rs250m. His wife, Kulsoom Nawaz, owns a
bungalow in Murree worth Rs100m. She owes Rs1.75m to two individuals.

The prime minister owns Abbas and Company, a business venture started with an
amount of Rs10,000. The company's present value is unchanged, but a loan of
Rs84,485 is outstanding against it.

He possesses shares worth Rs33m in nine industrial units. He has received
Rs197.4m remittances from his son Hussain Nawaz. He owns two Mercedes cars, a
Land Cruiser and a tractor. He and his wife have Rs138m balance in 10 bank
accounts.

Shahbaz Sharif declared that the total worth of his assets stands at Rs210.4m.
Hamza stated that the total worth of his assets is Rs213.7 million while his
wife Mehrunissah Hamza owns assets worth Rs2.5 million.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday

With heavy reliance on federal govt, Sindh keeps agriculture tax elusive

LENGTH: 643  words


It seems the Sindh government has finally realised that its pitiful record on
the provincial tax collection is hardly sustainable.

While announcing the establishment of a dedicated Tax Reform Unit during the
Sindh budget speech on Friday, Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah said the
provincial government aims to increase its tax receipts from Rs91.3 billion to
Rs200 billion over the next three years.

Estimated provincial tax receipts amounting to Rs107 billion constitute merely
15.9% of the total receipts of the province projected for 2014-15. In other
words, the Sindh government finds itself largely dependent on federal transfers
of money, which constitute as much as 70.5% of the total provincial receipts
that are projected to be Rs672.1 billion in the next fiscal year.

As if the extremely low share of the tax receipts in the overall provincial
receipts was not embarrassing enough, a quick look at the breakdown of Sindh's
tax revenues reveals a sharp tilt towards indirect taxation.

Indirect taxes, which are regressive by nature, form as much as 90.7% of the
total projected provincial tax receipts for 2014-15. Direct taxes, which include
the tax on agriculture income, amount to just Rs9.9 billion, or 9.2%, of the
total provincial tax receipts.

In the absence of resource mobilisation at the provincial level, especially by
means of direct taxes, it is least surprising that the Sindh government
repetitively complains about the 'highly unpredictable' federal transfers every
year.

This begs the question as to why the provincial government is so unconcerned
about increasing its tax revenues through direct taxation.

According to Sindh's former (caretaker) minister for finance Syed Shabbar Zaidi,
the provincial government does not want to collect taxes simply to protect the
vested interests.

"Tax is an urban issue in Pakistan. Its collection is limited to big cities
only," he told The Express Tribune in a pre-budget interview.

Indeed, the amount collected as the tax on agriculture income, which was imposed
in the province back in 2002, is shockingly low. The provincial government had
initially estimated the tax on agriculture income to be Rs468.6 million in
2013-14, but revised it to Rs426.5 million later on, down by almost 9%. The
budget estimate for the tax on agriculture income in 2014-15 is only Rs512.1
million.

It means the tax target for agriculture income for the next fiscal year comes
around 0.4% of the total projected provincial tax receipts.

Quite tellingly, the amount of Rs512.1 million is considerably lower than the
non-tax receipts of Rs546 million that the government expects to receive in
2014-15 through fees drawn by government's educational institutes, including
secondary and intermediate schools, technical colleges and universities.

Furthermore, a quick review of the estimates of expenditures reveals that the
government has promised agriculture subsidies, which exclude administration
expenses, amounting to a staggering Rs3.1 billion in 2014-15.

With heavy subsidies and near-absence of taxation on the income on agriculture,
no wonder the provincial government is going to rely on indirect taxation by
means of sales tax on services (Rs49 billion), provincial excise tax (Rs3.8
billion), stamps duty (Rs9.8 billion) and motor vehicle taxes (Rs5.1 billion).

"It's been 12 years and the Sindh government has yet to establish an SRB-like,
dedicated body for the collection of the tax on agriculture income," Zaidi said
while referring to the Sindh Revenue Board that is tasked with the sole purpose
of collecting sales tax on services in the province. "Who will tax the income on
agriculture if there is not even a full-time provincial secretary for this
purpose?"

Published in The Express Tribune, June 14th, 2014.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

New agriculture minister vows efforts to boost farm exports '

LENGTH: 258 words


New agriculture minister vowed Monday to develop the country's agriculture
sector by boosting exports.

"Our agriculture industry is facing slow growth as the local market continues to
open its doors while the rise in income of farm households also remains at a
standstill," Kim Jae-soo said in a speech marking his first day on the job as
the minister of agriculture, food and rural affairs.

"Now is when the agriculture industry and our rural communities most need
changes and innovation," he added, according to a copy of his speech released by
the ministry.

The 58-year-old stressed the importance of boosting the overall income of
farmers, which in turn will enhance the overall competitiveness of the
industrial sector, and thus creating what he called a virtuous circle of
increased income and development.

To this end, Kim urged an export-oriented reform.

"I will work to open a new era of exports by transforming the country's
agriculture sector into an export-oriented industry," he said. "The government
will also continue to promote globalization of traditional Korean dishes, which
will lead to a rise in exports, income of farmers and demand for tourism
programs to rural areas that will help revitalize our rural communities."

The new minister also vowed efforts to reform and improve shipping and
distribution networks for farm products to further improve their price
competitiveness.

"We must also ease or remove all unnecessary regulations so that more people and
investment will find their own way to our farming villages," Kim said. (Yonhap)

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

Experts at IEP's seminar express concern over decline in farmers' income

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 136

LENGTH: 462  words


Agriculture experts at a seminar organized here on Saturday by the Institution
of Engineers Pakistan, Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) expressed serious
concern over decline in farmers' income and less use of advanced technology that
was resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty in
rural areas.

World renowned agriculture Shaukat Khan who had been associated with World Bank,
USAID and other international institutions in his key-note addressed cautioned
that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the government's level
towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on country's overall economy.

It was an interactive seminar, presided over by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz
M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi. Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah
Shah (Vice Chancellor City University) also took part in the discussion,
underlying the need of paying greater attention to agriculture to get rid of
poverty.

Shaukat Khan giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for developing
efficient crops' development system. He deplored that currently about 40-year
old tractor and cultivator agriculture machinery is in use, which shows
callousness at the level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce Income inequality and
poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome certain hurdles and
anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern. Government, he said needed to change the mind-set of
just focusing on pro-Urban and pro-rich policies. Agriculture is back-bone of
the economic and it deserved utmost priority in policy-making. He hoped that in
the coming budget prop-agriculture measures would be taken to ensure country's
better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals. IPE, a body of seniors
engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role in the country's
socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

Experts at IEP's seminar express concern over decline in farmers' income

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 136

LENGTH: 462  words


Agriculture experts at a seminar organized here on Saturday by the Institution
of Engineers Pakistan, Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) expressed serious
concern over decline in farmers' income and less use of advanced technology that
was resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty in
rural areas.

World renowned agriculture Shaukat Khan who had been associated with World Bank,
USAID and other international institutions in his key-note addressed cautioned
that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the government's level
towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on country's overall economy.

It was an interactive seminar, presided over by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz
M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi. Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah
Shah (Vice Chancellor City University) also took part in the discussion,
underlying the need of paying greater attention to agriculture to get rid of
poverty.

Shaukat Khan giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for developing
efficient crops' development system. He deplored that currently about 40-year
old tractor and cultivator agriculture machinery is in use, which shows
callousness at the level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce Income inequality and
poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome certain hurdles and
anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern. Government, he said needed to change the mind-set of
just focusing on pro-Urban and pro-rich policies. Agriculture is back-bone of
the economic and it deserved utmost priority in policy-making. He hoped that in
the coming budget prop-agriculture measures would be taken to ensure country's
better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals. IPE, a body of seniors
engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role in the country's
socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 15, 1986

Farmers' incomes down by 43 pc / Ministry of Agriculture figures

BYLINE: By ROSEMARY COLLINS, Agriculture Correspondent

LENGTH: 341 words


Farmers' incomes fell by 43 per cent last year because of the bad weather and
the poor harvest, the Ministry of Agriculture announced yesterday.

The industry's net income of pounds 1,154 million is the lowest in real terms
since the present method of collecting figures began in 1972. In cash terms it
is roughly equal to farmers' income in 1979, and is half the pounds 2,215
million spent by the Government and the Common Market supporting UK agriculture
last year.


'The collapse of British farm income could have dire consequences for both
farmers and the rural economy', Sir Richard Butler, president of the National
Farmers' Union said last night. 'Financial pressures on farming could do to the
countryside what industrial recession has done for the inner cities.'

The sharp drop in income follows exceptionally good 1984 figures, which showed a
35 per cent increase on 1983.

Farm productivity fell last year by 3 per cent, UK self-sufficiency in food by 2
per cent, gross farm output by 5 per cent, and the number of farms dropped by
1.5 per cent.

Farmers' debts to banks rose by 5 per cent in 1985, average weekly earnings for
farm workers rose from pounds 122.59 in 1984 to pounds 131.60, and public
spending on farming rose over 12 months from pounds 1,714 million to pounds
2.215 million, mainly under policies dictated by the Common Market

The biggest single public spending item was the purchase at guaranteed prices of
surplus cereal crops at an estimated cost of pounds 636 million.

Cereal farmers' average net income fell to 45 per cent of the 1982 level in real
terms Dairy and hill livestock farming incomes were 50 per cent down on 1982,
and lowland livestock farmers' income fell to 25 per cent of the 1982 figure.
Only pig and poultry farmers did better with a 10 per cent increase on 1982.

Mr Michael Jopling, the Agriculture Minister, blamed the weather for the
industry's plight. He said that Common Market policies aimed at cutting surplus
output, 'were also contributing factors.'

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 29, 1991 Thursday

MPs seek $1.l-billion in farm aid   Big prairie crop, but prices too low

BYLINE: CP

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


Canadian Press
  OTTAWA
 Farmers need at least $1.1-billion in government financial help because
they didn't make much money on last summer's crop and won't do any better
on this year's, federal opposition farm spokesmen say.

Without any help, thousands of farmers won't be able to stay in
operation long enough to benefit from new farm income support programs
that are supposed to be their salvation, New Democrat MPs Vic Althouse and
Rod Laporte, both of Saskatchewan, told a news conference yesterday.

Maurice Foster, the Liberal farm spokesman, says the government has
rooked farmers by not coming up with the aid after promising financial
help until the new programs start.

Meanwhile, the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, the country's
largest farm group, will tell the Commons agriculture committee today that
grain and oilseed farmers need at least $1-billion in emergency aid soon.

The committee is looking at the income shortfall facing farmers because
of low crop prices.

Farmers should collect some money late this year from the Gross Revenue
Insurance Plan, one of the new farm support programs.

Finance Minister Donald Mazankowski promised earlier this year when he
was still agriculture minister that there would be special funding to help
farmers remain in business during the transition to the new support
programs.

Both programs are in the midst of signing up farmers who will make
contributions to them that will be matched by the federal and provincial
governments.

There has been no word from Mr. Mazankowski, his successor William
McKnight or Minister of State for Grains and Oilseeds Charles Mayer on
that aid despite repeated requests from farm groups.

Meanwhile, the Agriculture Department has said farm income will rise 8
per cent this year.

But farm groups say that is an increase only in comparison to last
year's low income levels and doesn't return farm incomes to the levels of
the late 1980s.

And the increase comes only by including a payment from the support
programs, even though there won't be any money until late in the year.

Prices for wheat, barley, oats, corn, canola and soybeans are at or
near record lows because of a farm subsidies battle between the United
States and the European Community.

Prairie farmers are looking at one of their biggest crops yet. Ontario
farmers face a drought-diminished crop. But the prices for both are among
the lowest in terms of their purchasing power.

"The government asked farmers to live on nothing last year," Mr.
Althouse said. "They can't expect them to do it again."

He said a study by the agriculture committee released earlier this year
found that about 20 per cent of the country's 250,000 farmers are in
financial distress, Mr. Laporte said.

"Surely somebody in this government will eventually have to address
this issue.

"But we have difficulty convincing the ministers there is a problem . .
. they just seem to hope they can keep the issue spinning its wheels and
the problem will go away."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 3, 1991, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Farm ministers won't give in to 'blackmail'

BYLINE: Johanna Powell

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: Kananaskis, Alta.


Provincial agriculture ministers said yesterday  they will not be
''blackmailed'' into participating in the new farm income support program.

The provincial ministers, who met yesterday behind closed doors in preparation
for talks today and tomorrow with federal counterpart Bill McKnight, are
expected to ask him to make a clear distinction between the new farm income
program and ad hoc emergency funding for grain and oilseed farmers in financial
distress.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley said the provincial ministers tend to
think emergency assistance shouldn't be tied to the new program.

Emergency funding ''shouldn't be used to drag provinces into other programs,''
Isley said. It's fine to deliver additional help through the same mechanisms as
the farm income program, ''but to use it as a form of blackmail is rather
unacceptable.''

In April, Ottawa announced changes to the farm income support program revealed
earlier in the year. Financial incentives were offered to provinces to join part
of the support program called the net income stabilization account.

Farmers in provinces joining NISA were promised financial help this year in
return. The farm income program was designed to put $400 million into the farm
sector this year, but that figure depends on provincial participation.

The two-day meeting is McKnight's first with provincial agriculture ministers
since he was named to the portfolio in a cabinet shuffle in April.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Ottawa Bound

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                             March 18, 2016 Friday

Planters feel relieved as Karnataka scraps agriculture income tax

LENGTH: 401  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Bengaluru, March 18 -- In a relief to the beleaguered coffee, tea and rubber
growers in Karnataka, the State government has proposed to abolish the
agriculture income tax with effect from April 1, 2016.


 "There is a long standing demand of growers of coffee, tea, rubber and other
plantation crops to abolish Agricultural Income Tax. I propose to abolish
Agricultural Income Tax with effect from 1st of April 2016," Karnataka Chief
Minister Siddaramaiah said presenting the State Budget for 2016-17 here on
Friday.
 With this, Karnataka, the largest coffee producer, has followed the
neighbouring Tamil Nadu, which had abolished agriculture income tax way back in
2004. Even Kerala has provided a relief to the planters community by exempting
the income tax for a year in 2016-17.
 Karnataka's latest move will provide relief to about two dozen companies such
as Tata Coffee and Bombay Burmah Trading Corporation that operate coffee, tea
and rubber plantations in the State besides thousands of individual coffee
growers. Plantation companies had to pay a 35 per cent tax on their net income
in the State and the total outgo in the State is estimated at around [#x20b9]20
crore.
 "It is a good news for the plantation industry and will give us a boost," said
Baba PS Bedi, Chairman of the Karnataka Planters' Association (KPA). Bedi
further said the proposed move would provide some relief for the plantation
sector that is becoming unviable, reeling under the impact of declining
realisations and rising input costs.
 Though Karnataka had suspended the agriculture income tax for individual
growers way back in 2004 when the coffee prices had touched a 100-year-low of
around 0.40 cents per pound, the growers had to wait for the notification every
year exempting the income tax. "It was a kind of Damocles Sword hanging on our
head. Now, with this budgetary announcement, we need not have to worry at all,"
said N Bose Mandanna, a large grower at Suntikoppa.
 K Kurian, Managing Director of Devon Plantation & Industries Ltd, said the move
would help the plantation companies to re-invest in developing their estates in
the long run.
 Besides providing a higher allocation of [#x20b9]4,344 crore to the agriculture
department, Karnataka is targeting to distribute [#x20b9]11,000 crore in
agriculture loan to 23 lakh farmers in the State. To implement the new crop
insurance scheme during 2016-17, the State has earmarked [#x20b9]675.38 crore.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 25, 2000

Agriculture supremo airs vision for future

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: Future, Pg.21

LENGTH: 413 words


A NEW vision for agricultural support was spelled out yesterday by US
Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman, who frankly admitted the country's Freedom
to Farm Act (Fair) had failed.

The US has in recent years held up the Fair system as the example for the rest
of the world to follow, with degressive payments and a move away from
production-based support.

But Mr Glickman told the 1,100 delegates at forum that the four-year-old system
agreed by the US Congress had provided no more than a quick fix to the troubled
US agricultural sector, rather than provide it with the solutions it needed to
resolve long -standing problems.

He said the industry needed a new system and revealed his vision for a farm
safety net that would see farm support shift from commodity prices to actual
agricultural incomes.

Mr Glickman, who is unlikely to remain in office after this year's US
presidential elections, said government support had to be based on farm incomes
rather than crop prices.

"It is income that allows farmers to pay the bills and buy equipment," he said.

"The commodity system helps many, but there are many farmers who slip through
the net. It also assists in the consolidation of the agricultural industry as
the bigger you are the bigger the payment you get.

"But this is not an effective way of keeping people on the land."

Mr Glickman said the US agricultural subsidy regime, which supports seven basic
crops, had to be reformed as it did not encourage mainstream farmers to branch
out into other types of production.

He also believed conservation was the centrepiece of any new policy, not an
afterthought, as the land had to be respected.

Mr Glickman said ways also had to be found of keeping farmers on the land, as
well as addressing the need for a diversified rural economy that would allow
farmers to continue to supplement their incomes from non-agricultural
activities.

"The new farm programme should go beyond commodities, be focused less on
historic programmes and what bureaucrats believe is best and more on the people
and helping them achieve their dream."

And he took a swipe at European agricultural support, saying it distorted world
trade. The subsidy regime encouraged production that then had to be subsidised
on to world markets by the European Commission. His vision was for a farm policy
that helped rural economies without distorting trade, but aid levels in the US
in the last year were well above those paid out by Europe.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Address widening income gap, FAO urges'Green' initiatives to change differences
between farm and non-farm incomes

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 837 words


in Asia-Pacific

very necessary

The Nation

Initiatives being adopted in the Asia-Pacific to improve the environmental
sustainability of agricultural activity must include ways and means to reduce
the gap between wealthy urban areas and the poorer countryside, the UN Food and
Agriculture Organisation (FAO) has stressed.

In many cases, the failure to address the question of lower farm incomes is at
the heart of a decline in smaller farms and may result in increased urbanisation
and social upheaval.

As countries attempt to consolidate some of the least efficient, small farms
into bigger, more viable farms, policy-makers should ensure that these bigger
farms will comply with tougher environmental regulations that the smaller farms
were unable to meet due to the relatively higher costs of implementation.

The connection between income gaps and the move toward greener farms is made in
an FAO paper prepared for the "32<+>nd<+> FAO Regional Conference for Asia and
the Pacific (APRC)", held in Ulan Bator, Mongolia, from March10-14.

The conference â[#x20ac]" FAO's regional governing body â[#x20ac]" brought
together agriculture ministers as well as other government officials and
representatives from civil society concerned with agriculture, fisheries and
forestry from 41 countries in the region.

A paper, "Meeting farmers' aspirations in the context of green development", was
presented to the APRC delegates. It examines current efforts by some countries
in the Asia-Pacific to address the widening income gap between farm and non-farm
incomes.

The gap is seen as a motivating factor for workers leaving farming for non-farm
employment, or for higher-paying jobs in urban areas.

Countries in the region are experimenting with green development concepts called
Sustainable Production Intensification (SPI) and Climate Smart Agriculture
(CSA), two powerful and complementary approaches that the FAO has developed to
address the challenges facing traditional labour-intensive agriculture.

SPI calls for better use of ecosystem services in agricultural production,
including crop genetic diversity, healthy soils and the adoption of
precision-intensive technologies.

The CSA approach is a way of prioritising SPI options and focuses on building
the needed institutional, policy and financing frameworks to support their
effective implementation.

While these approaches help sustain agricultural output and reduce environmental
degradation, the costs of implementation can be a burden on smaller family farms
that make up the majority of agricultural output in most countries of the
region.

Therefore, ways and means need to be found to help smallholders become more
profitable and greener at the same time, the paper explains.

Urgent action required

Action is needed soon, the paper warns, because smallholder farming has become
an occupation of last resort. "Rural areas have experienced sustained and
massive migration of young and middle-aged farmers," it says.

"Invariably when we ask farmers what they would like their children to do, they
say that their children will not be farmers," said Thierry Facon, an FAO senior
water-management officer and the paper's author.

"They tell us that their children are being educated, they have opportunities,
and, as parents, they want their children to escape farming in its present
condition."

Indeed, from a broader macroeconomic view, the FAO recognises that agriculture's
share of gross domestic product in the Asia-Pacific has #124been rapidly
declining for a number of years.

In response, many countries have used agricultural price supports and other farm
policies to keep people in the sector. This has meant that the sector remains
the dominant source of employment in developing countries despite its low pay.

Still, many farming households are increasingly relying on non-agricultural work
just to make ends meet.

The FAO paper says the Asia-Pacific and its agriculture sector are facing two
"momentous and complex transitions", a structural transformation linked to fast,
if uneven, economic growth, which leaves agricultural incomes stagnant, and a
transition to sustainable agriculture aimed at reversing the unsustainable use
and degradation of the region's limited base of natural resources and increasing
its resilience.

Ultimately, the paper warns that the search for green development must look at
more than just agriculture and natural-resource management.

It must tackle urbanisation policies, patterns of public investment in
infrastructure services, as well as education and development of economic
sectors in rural areas not related to agriculture.

The paper suggests that the "International Year of Family Farming" â[#x20ac]"
which aims to raise the profile and importance of family and smallholder farms
â[#x20ac]" should also focus on how to manage transitions in the region to
include green development based on wider environmental values, while advocating
increased farm incomes to levels similar to other sectors, so the poorest and
most vulnerable people in rural areas will not be disadvantaged.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Tax on agriculture

BYLINE:  MOMMAL MUSHTAQ

SECTION: Vol. XLVI No. 325

LENGTH: 938  words


International financial and monetary institutions and watchdogs of economic and
fiscal policies have been persistently demanding that the government widen the
base of the tax network in Pakistan. This initiative has to be taken
particularly for reducing income disparity and concentration of wealth through
progressive taxation.

However, sadly, the tax is misdirected towards the agriculture sector. Indeed,
it is a political move for providing cover to other huge enterprises evading
tax, as they are out of the national tax-work. As a well-conceived strategy, it
looks like a smart move to foil the government's bid to bring the rich into the
network, with the plea by stakeholders that: "As long as agriculture sector is
not taxed, it will be tyranny and great injustice to levy tax on the real
estate, market and trader enterprises, professional entities such as lawyers,
doctors, money changers and even banks and other undocumented businesses". This
argument is not only unrealistic but also contradictory to the facts and
figures. In fact, the aggressive demand for an imposition of tax on agriculture
is always advanced purely on the preconceived notions developed out of cultural
and social conflict between the rural and urban segments of the country, for
which bias, hostility and archaic antagonism against pre-partitions feudalism is
the only factor.

Although, the majority of the parliamentarians themselves belong to the
agriculture community, yet a few leading muzaraeen, tenants, small peasants and
haris, constituting 65 percent of the total population of Pakistan, have failed
to plead their case in the Parliament and if the proposal of levying a tax on
agriculture forms a part of the next budget, it would neither be a sustainable
financial gain nor supportive to foreign exchange reserves, balance of trade,
and agriculture output, because, it is not economically viable, and is
financially disastrous, generating a politically vital setback to the elected
government that attained power through the support of the affected community -
the agrarians! As highlighted earlier, the essence of taxation, particularly in
developing economies, is usually to address the increasing economic disparity
between various classes and segments of society. However, if agriculture tax is
imposed, it would further widen the gap between the rich-poor and rural-urban.

Furthermore, even under diametrically different definitions of a free market
economy, the nation state is authorised to levy tax only on profit and not on
loss; if so, then, a question arises: "Under which economic principles and on
which crops and areas shall the government propose a tax, to be fetched from the
hapless growers who constitute 95% of the agriculture economy?" Surely, none;
because, no product or commodity can genuinely be taxed, the cost of production
of which is higher than that of the selling price. And there is hardly any crop
that has a cost of production less than that of the selling price in Pakistan,
even if compared with the prices of the same prevalent in the international
market.

The agriculture sector of Pakistan employs almost 41.14% of the total workforce
and their average monthly income is wrongfully estimated at around Rs 7642,
because there are certain groups, the poorest ones, who earn Rs 500 per month.
Reliable statistics further illustrate that per acre income of wheat, cotton,
Basmati paddy and IRRI paddy remains approximately around Rs 6621, each crop. If
we distribute this income on per capita, we reach the depressive conclusions.
Above 73% of the total landholdings is of up to three hectares. The average size
of a household is of nearly seven persons. Hence, per capita of 73% of the
household is nearly Rs 24302 per annum provided such households cultivate wheat
and cotton and take a normal yield, while the minimum wage that the government
had declared in the last budget-2010-11 is Rs 84000 per annum. The data
available at present authenticates that the smaller the farms, the meagre the
income. For instance, farms under 0.5 hectares constitute 20%, under 1 hectare
17% and two hectares 22% of the total farms. Accordingly, 58% of the total
landholding is up to 2 hectares. The share in the monthly income of per
household falling in the first (poorest) 20% gets 4.9% of the total monthly
income, out of the 40.5% share of agriculture, fishing and forestry in the
economy's monthly national income. The third category of households own up to
five hectares, which constitutes 28% of the total cultivable land. The share in
the monthly income of per household in this moderate income group is 7.6%.
However, the richest 20% get 13.49% whose total landholding ranges from 10 to 60
hectares. This data reveals the fact that the richest portion of the agrarian
income group own only 5.4% of the landholdings. Figuratively, less than 6% of
the total landholdings belong to the rich landowners who qualify for taxation.
However, it would be a great injustice for rest of the 94% of the landholders
who hardly can make their both ends meet.

Henceforth, further taxation will substantially reduce their earnings, thus
their standard of living. It must be noted here that 79% of the people who will
be taxed do not even have appropriate shelter facility. Further reducing their
income will be, hence, fatal. In order to protect the vulnerable sections of the
agricultural community, digitalisation of revenue record, as the President of
Pakistan has already ordered, is a right step in the right direction. It will
not only remove much confusion but also the misperception about the agriculture
sector.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 5, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Safety net programs have farm groups split

BYLINE: Bruce Johnstone, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- Saskatchewan farm groups are divided over the direction of future farm
safety net programs, which federal and provincial agriculture ministers agreed
upon in Whistler, B.C., last week.

The Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan, the province's largest
farm organization, generally approved of the policy that emerged from the annual
agriculture ministers meeting, which wrapped up last Friday.

But the Saskatoon-based National Farmers Union said the new blueprint for
Canada's agriculture policy, called Growing Forward, lacks goals that would lead
to higher farm incomes.

Growing Forward would replace the five-year Agricultural Policy Framework (APF),
which expires next year and has been roundly criticized as inadequate by farm
groups and many provinces.

Growing Forward will consist of a number of farm safety net programs, including
AgriInvest, a savings account for producers that would cover small income
declines and support on-farm investments, similar to NISA (Net Income
Stabilization Account).

Other components of the policy include AgriStability, the margin-based income
support program that succeeds the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization
(CAIS) program and AgriRecovery, a new disaster relief program, the details of
which remain to be negotiated.

Glenn Blakely, president of APAS, said the organization, like the Canadian
Federation of Agriculture, supports the overall policy direction of Growing
Forward.

"The devil is in the details, but anything we saw there wasn't anything that we
couldn't agree with," said Blakely, who met with the ag ministers prior to the
Whistler meetings. "We'll have to see what it looks like when they put the nuts
and bolts in place."

Specifically, Blakely said APAS likes the concept of the NISA-type AgriInvest
program and the ministers' commitment to providing disaster relief through the
AgriRecovery program.

Farmers also want to see the new program up and running before the old APF is
put out to pasture, Blakely said. "We want to see a seamless transfer from the
APF to the Growing Forward plan."

Blakely admitted there is still disagreement about the 60-40 split in
federal-provincial cost-sharing of farm safety net programs, and what share of
disaster relief the federal government should bear.

Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Mark Wartman has consistently maintained that
the 60-40 split unfairly burdens Saskatchewan taxpayers, who pay more than five
times the Canadian average for farm safety programs.

Federal Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl conceded the 60-40 split may not be
appropriate for disaster relief programs, but no formula for disaster relief was
agreed upon.

"We realize that, per capita, we do pay more than the other provinces, but at
the same time, can afford to drop the ball on it?" Blakely said. "I don't
believe we can with the ag industry as important as it is."

But Stewart Wells, a Swift Current-area farmer and president of the NFU, said
the federal government seems to be backing away from its pledge to scrap CAIS
and is simply putting new names on old programs.

"It seems like what they're spending all their time on is just changing the
names of the various programs and leaving the rest of the programs basically
intact."

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Daily Yomiuri (Tokyo)

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday

EDITORIAL;
Guaranteeing incomes could save agriculture

SOURCE: Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 629 words


An advisory council of the Agriculture, Forestry and Fisheries Ministry has
compiled an interim report on a basic plan covering food, agriculture and
farming villages that will serve as the government's guideline on agricultural
policy for five years, beginning in fiscal 2005.

The report points the direction drastic reform of Japan's agriculture must take,
but there are many problems to be overcome before it can be implemented.

The major pillar of the plan is the introduction of an income indemnity system
for farmers. The system would guarantee incomes for farm households of set sizes
that are committed to continue farming. It aims to prop up the operation of farm
households as well as to improve the efficiency of the nation's agriculture.

However, in the report, the advisory body sidestepped setting criteria for
selecting those eligible for the system and suggesting ways to secure funds for
the system.

If the government continues to hand out subsidies to all farm households even
after the income indemnity system is introduced, it could be a death knell for
the nation's agricultural industry, which would be unable to survive in the face
of the accelerating liberalization of the global agricultural market.

Before the final report is issued in the spring, the ministry should work with
the council to define the qualifications for receiving income indemnity.

 Old policies no longer feasible


The government has so far protected domestic farmers by levying steep tariffs on
imported agricultural products while distributing subsidies to those growing
rice, wheat and other agricultural products.

However, such policy measures will no longer be effective following developments
in the World Trade Organization's Doha Round of multilateral trade talks and in
Free Trade Agreement talks.

It has apparently become necessary to introduce the income indemnity system to
strengthen the nation's agriculture sector against the liberalization of the
domestic farm market, as well as to maintain and hopefully improve the nation's
food self-support ratio, which has dropped to 40 percent, the lowest among
advanced countries.

The report did stipulate that full-time farm households and regional farming
groups would qualify for the system.

 Opposition to reform strong


However, part-time farmers and agriculture cooperatives, which are unlikely to
be covered by the system, opposed the conclusions of the report. Lawmakers with
vested interests in the agriculture industry are sure to object to them, too.

Bringing these powerful groups around will be key to the introduction of an
effective income indemnity system.

Finding a source of funds for the system also will be a major undertaking.
Currently, agricultural subsidies total about 500 billion yen. Expenses for
public works projects related to agriculture have reached nearly 1 trillion yen
in total. These expenses should be cut to create a fund for the system. But such
subsidies and public works projects come with many strings attached. Strong
opposition is expected from the civil engineering and construction industries.

In a framework agreement reached last month in the current WTO round of the
trade talks, the setting of maximum tariffs in the agricultural field, which
Japan opposes, were postponed. The decision spread optimism throughout the
Japanese agricultural sector that drastic reform measures would not be necessary
in preparing for the liberalization of the agricultural market. This could set
back agricultural reform efforts.

However, the WTO talks are entering a key stage now. If the nation's
agricultural industry is to be saved, reform efforts must be accelerated rather
than slowed down.


(From The Yomiuri Shimbun, Aug. 11)

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 The Yomiuri Shimbun


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 21, 1996 Saturday

Union spurns farm-income survey

BYLINE: Canadian Press; CP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


An Agriculture Canada survey that says farm cash income increased last year is
an attempt to wrap glistening paper around a drab Christmas gift, the National
Farmers Union says.

The survey says the average net cash income for Canada's farmers was $26,396 in
1995, up $2,900 from 1993. Large revenue increases from sales of grains,
oilseeds, hogs and potatoes were responsible for the increase.

"We saw quite an improvement in the farm financial situation of Canadian
farmers," Agriculture Canada spokesman Dave Culver said in releasing the survey
yesterday.

"In general, farm prices were good, the production level yields were fairly
favourable and it was a period of relatively low interest rates."

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale called the survey "basically good
news."

But Darrin Qualman, executive secretary of the NFU, called the use of net cash
income figures misleading because they don't take into account depreciation and
changes in inventory value -- as does net farm income. Net cash income is simply
the total amount farmers earned.

"It's a completely meaningless number," Mr. Qualman said from Saskatoon.

He pointed to Statistics Canada figures that show the total Canadian net farm
income dropped to $2.9-billion in 1995 from $3.6-billion in 1993.

"Everybody else uses net farm income," Mr. Qualman said.

"Net farm income is down substantially over the study period. Rather than report
that, they chose to use net cash income, which is not any sort of indicator of
the income of farm families."

Larry Maguire, president of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association,
doubts the numbers will be as good in 1996-97, as grain prices fall and farmers
begin feeling the effects of the elimination of the Western grain-transportation
subsidy.

"We haven't seen the changes in efficiencies in rail transportation which would
allow farmers to save money," he said from his farm in Elgin, Man.

Agriculture Canada's farm financial survey has been conducted every two years
since 1981. This year's survey involved 12,000 farms.

It found that farms in Quebec, Saskatchewan and Alberta had the highest net
operating income, while those in British Columbia had the lowest at $20,538.

Quebec farmers earned an average of $29,758. But $14,585 came from government
payments, two-thirds of which were provincial.

Potato farmers had the highest net operating income at $88,092. Beef farmers, at
$7,550, had the lowest, reflecting low cattle prices and high feed costs in
1995, the survey said.

The average Canadian farm had a net worth of $538,319 last year, up 12 per cent
from 1993. While net worth rose, so did liabilities.

Farm liabilities totalled $23-billion in 1995, up 8 per cent from 1993. The
increase was due partly to farmers taking advantage of lower interest rates to
borrow money for machinery, land and other investments.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Taxman to take a closer look at farm incomes of over [#x20b9]1 crore

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 15 -- Worried about possible mis-reporting and evasion, income
-tax authorities plan to check the veracity of high agriculture incomes claimed
by assessees in their returns.


 "It has been noticed that several assessees have declared income from
agriculture of more than [#x20b9]1 crore in the income-tax returns filed for
earlier years, especially from assessment years 2011-12 to 2013-14," said the
Central Board of Direct Taxes in a recent letter to field formations.
 According to data with the tax department, 2,746 cases showing agriculture
income of over [#x20b9]1 crore were found between the assessment years 2007-08
and 2015-16. Of these, 1,080 cases are from assessment years 2011-12 to 2013-14.

 Finance Minister Arun Jaitley indicated in Parliament on Tuesday that many
prominent people are being probed for allegedly concealing taxable income as
agricultural earnings.
 The Board noted that agriculture income is used only for rate purposes and in
some high-value cases taxpayers may have filled up the wrong fields in the
income-tax returns.
 It has asked assessing officers to check whether the taxpayer made a data entry
mistake while filling up the return. In cases where the assessment has been
completed, it has asked assessing officers to check the records.
 In cases where scrutiny proceedings under Section 143(3) of the Income-Tax Act
are under way, the CBDT has said that assessing officers must verify the claims
thoroughly.
 It has sought a full report on such claims by March 20 in order to provide the
correct figures to the Patna High Court, where a Public Interest Litigation
(PIL) is pending on the issue.
 In the PIL, concerns have been raised that a few assessees may be passing off
their unaccounted or illegal money asagricultural income, thereby not only
claiming exemptions on such income but also engaging in money laundering, said
the CBDT.
 Agriculture income is exempt from tax, but is used for rate purpose while
computing tax liability if an individual's non-agriculture income is above the
tax threshold.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Taxman to take a closer look at farm incomes of over [#x20b9]1 crore

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 15 -- Worried about possible mis-reporting and evasion, income
-tax authorities plan to check the veracity of high agriculture incomes claimed
by assessees in their returns.


 "It has been noticed that several assessees have declared income from
agriculture of more than [#x20b9]1 crore in the income-tax returns filed for
earlier years, especially from assessment years 2011-12 to 2013-14," said the
Central Board of Direct Taxes in a recent letter to field formations.
 According to data with the tax department, 2,746 cases showing agriculture
income of over [#x20b9]1 crore were found between the assessment years 2007-08
and 2015-16. Of these, 1,080 cases are from assessment years 2011-12 to 2013-14.

 Finance Minister Arun Jaitley indicated in Parliament on Tuesday that many
prominent people are being probed for allegedly concealing taxable income as
agricultural earnings.
 The Board noted that agriculture income is used only for rate purposes and in
some high-value cases taxpayers may have filled up the wrong fields in the
income-tax returns.
 It has asked assessing officers to check whether the taxpayer made a data entry
mistake while filling up the return. In cases where the assessment has been
completed, it has asked assessing officers to check the records.
 In cases where scrutiny proceedings under Section 143(3) of the Income-Tax Act
are under way, the CBDT has said that assessing officers must verify the claims
thoroughly.
 It has sought a full report on such claims by March 20 in order to provide the
correct figures to the Patna High Court, where a Public Interest Litigation
(PIL) is pending on the issue.
 In the PIL, concerns have been raised that a few assessees may be passing off
their unaccounted or illegal money asagricultural income, thereby not only
claiming exemptions on such income but also engaging in money laundering, said
the CBDT.
 Agriculture income is exempt from tax, but is used for rate purpose while
computing tax liability if an individual's non-agriculture income is above the
tax threshold.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                             June 6, 2007 Wednesday

GOVT DROPS PLAN OF GIVING AGRI TAX TO CBR IN FY08

LENGTH: 469 words


KARACHI - Federal government has dropped the idea of transferring the
responsibility of Agricultural Income Tax collection to the Central Board of
Revenue in coming budget, it is learnt. Reliable sources said that federal
government had thoroughly consulted the provincial authorities regarding the
transfer of agri tax collection to CBR. But the plan could not be materialised
due to lack of required mechanism with the CBR and lack of understanding among
the provinces and federal government.

According to sources the provinces have very strong reservations about the
federal government's plan of transferring the agriculture income tax collection
to the CBR,

Meanwhile, the CBR had no proper manpower and system to collect the agriculture
tax at grass root level, as a result the decision to hand over provincial
agriculture tax to CBR could not be taken during recent budgetary meetings
between the federal and provincial governments.

Sources said that the provinces have their separate Board of Revenues which
maintain the land accounts, transfers of land, land policy and collection of
agriculture income and land tax, through "Patwaris" (a low-cadre provincial
official who maintains land record and collects agri tax). Although this system
of agri tax collection has proved useless in raising tax from farmers community
as "Patwaris" are unable to realise this tax from the big land lords, said the
official.

The provinces have not been meeting the target of collection of agricultural
income tax for last many years, as a result of which the federal government
floated the proposal of this tax collection by CBR on the pattern of General
Sales Tax. Federal government has deducted the 2% collection charges on the
collection of GST. This existing practice had been offered by federal government
to provinces for handing over of agriculture tax.

The advisor to Chief Minister on finance M.A Jalil while talking to The Nation
confirmed that federal government has dropped the idea of transferring of
agriculture tax from provinces to CBR for this year. The federal government was
of the opinion that provinces have miserably failed to increase the agricultural
tax revenue. If all the big landlords could be brought into the agri tax net,
the provinces earnings could have increased substantially.

During recent meetings Sindh government was of the view that agricultural tax
was purely provincial subject and federal government had nothing to do with it.
Already provinces had given less provincial Autonomy, the idea of handing over
Agriculture Income tax to Federal authority (CBR) was against the spirit of
provincial autonomy and intervention in it. Sources claimed that in the federal
budget 2008-09 the government might once again make attempt to transfer agri tax
collection from provinces to CBR.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Corporate Taxation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                           Copyright 2007 The Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Govt taking steps to provide relief to farmers: minister

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, Oct. 28 -- Provincial Minister for Agriculture Dr Farrukh Javed on
Wednesday said that Punjab government was taking every possible step to provide
maximum financial relief to farmers. Talking to a delegation of farmers, he said
the government had taken serious step to provide relief and increase agriculture
production, said a handout issued here.

The Minister said that Kisan Package of Rs 100 billion would provide
interest-free loan to 500,000 farmers and help diminish the role of middle-man.
He stated that registration of farmers regarding loans would continue till mid
of November and the government would start distribution of loans soon.

The representative of farmers paid tributes to the Punjab government and
Minister Agriculture for their special efforts regarding agriculture income tax.
He said that government had decided to withhold collection of agriculture income
tax from the farmers. The decision was taken on the complains of farmers across
the Punjab regarding complicated procedure of collection of agriculture income
tax, he said and added that direction in this regard had been issued to all
field officers and Assistant Commissioners of Revenue

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     April 2, 1990, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

OTTAWA OFFERS FARMS $500M: But no deal struck with provinces on national program

BYLINE: John Geddes

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


The federal government has offered $500 million to help struggling farmers but
failed to hammer out a deal with the provinces for a national farm support
program.

The $500 million will shore up farm incomes this year. ''The vast majority'' of
the money is earmarked for beleaguered Prairie grain and oilseed growers,
Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowski told reporters Friday following two days of
meetings with his provincial counterparts.

But exactly when farmers will start receiving cheques depends on how soon Ottawa
reaches agreement on the provinces' contribution to a national program.

Mazankowski asked provincial agriculture ministers to match the federal
contribution, bringing the total package for 1990 to $1 billion.

Alberta Agriculture Minister Ernie Isley said Ottawa should ''take into
consideration things we've already done as a province to assist the industry.''

But Mazankowski told reporters he will consider only new provincial spending to
bolster farm incomes in 1990 as part of his envisioned national program. He
seemed unimpressed with provincial spending so far.

Responding to Saskatchewan's move in last Thursday's provincial budget to offer
farmers low-income loans, Mazankowski said: ''As I see it, it's basically an
interest relief program that amounts to about $20 million a year. Of course, I
would have hoped there would be more and there may well be more.''

ARTIFICIALLY LOW

Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine had asked for $500 million in federal
assistance for his province alone by May 10, in time to help farmers in the
spring seeding.

Farmers are being squeezed between high interest rates and grain prices driven
artificially low by the subsidies war between the U.S. and European Community.
Agriculture Canada is forecasting a net income drop of 85.4% in Saskatchewan
this year. Across Canada, farm incomes are expected to fall 42.9%.

Some provincial ministers were optimistic about the chances of reaching an
agreement with Ottawa. ''I'm sure we'll be able to work out a response with our
federal counterparts,'' Isley said.

''We made a lot of progress in terms of defining the program criteria. )The
provinces( basically wanted some time to reflect on it,'' Mazankowski said,
adding he expects to meet again soon with his provincial counterparts after
returning next week from a trip to Poland.

Along with the $500-million fund, Mazankowski announced:

Changes to the Farm Debt Review Fund designed to give some farmers with debt
problems a chance to stay on the land. Farmers will have access to $10 million
to $15 million more from the fund, Agriculture Canada estimates.

The Canadian Wheat Board will move to encourage banks to extend several billion
in operating loans to farmers this spring.

Agriculture Canada's task force on farm finance has been asked to look for new
ways to help farmers diversify their operations through two existing assistance
programs.

Ottawa has committed $10 million, part of the $500-million income support fund,
to extend an existing program to conserve soil. The funding is contingent on the
provinces also coming up with more money for soil conservation.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowski says cash will go to
Prairie grain and oilseed growers

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           February 7, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Farm income hits record low

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 321  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA (CP) -- The mad cow crisis, a sky-rocketing Canadian dollar and the
effects of a lingering drought will combine to push farm income levels to record
lows in 2003, says the latest federal forecast released Friday.

Final figures aren't yet available, but so far farmers look to be $13.4 million
in the hole across the country once all expenditures, depreciation charges and
income-in-kind are taken into account.

It's the first time realized net income has been in the red since Statistics
Canada began collecting the figures in the 1920s. "It's certainly a crisis we
haven't seen before," federal Agriculture Minister Bob Speller said in Calgary.

"I've been telling cabinet and telling my colleagues that. . . in many parts of
the country farmers are struggling."

Bob Friesen, a hog farmer near Wawanesa, Man., and president of the Canadian
Federation of Agriculture, said some farmers are being pushed to the brink.

"They are very stark numbers," he said. "Certainly it is putting farmers out of
business. There is no question about it."

The forecast was prepared by Agriculture Canada along with Statistics Canada and
the provincial governments.

Quebec and Newfoundland are the only provinces where realized net income is not
expected to decline. That's because the beef industries in those provinces make
up smaller portions of their overall agriculture economy, the report says.

The figures are lowest in Alberta and Saskatchewan where realized net income is
$229.6 million and $465.3 million in the red respectively.

"This is a very, very difficult, tough message," said Saskatchewan Agriculture
Minister Clay Serby. "It's having its impact across the board. There is no
question about it."

Cash receipts are expected to be down eight per cent in the crop sector and 12
per cent in the livestock sector in 2003.

Program payments from the federal and provincial governments are expected to top
nearly $5 billion -- another record.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday

Bringing home the bacon

BYLINE: Matthew Wilde, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Apr. 12--JANESVILLE -- Agriculture isn't immune to the global recession, but a
new government report suggests rural America isn't as sick as the rest of the
economy.

Farmers can expect agriculture exports to decline and domestic demand for farm
products to somewhat weaken in 2009, according to a U.S. Department of
Agriculture Economic Research Report released late last month. The report
indicates lower crop and livestock prices compared to the past few years will
continue, which will ultimately mean less farm income.

Mathew Shane, a USDA economist, said the report was necessary to help farmers
plan for the future. At the same time, he didn't want business owners to panic
thinking rural customers don't have any money to spend.

"We felt is it was our responsibility to give farmers an idea of what to expect
(economically). They are the driving force behind it," Shane said. "There's no
doubt agriculture will be hurt by this (recession). ... But ag is very well
situated after a couple years of record high (crop) prices and income."

In 2007 and 2008, U.S. net farm income equaled $87 billion and $89 billion,
respectively. The report indicates net income could drop by 26 percent this year
to $66 billion. A level similar to the 10-year average.

Iowa farmers depend on exports to prop up prices. The dollar has strengthened
during the economic crisis, thus making U.S. goods more expensive. Agricultural
exports could fall from $117 billion in 2008 to $96 billion this year, the
report said.

John Vossberg of rural Janesville found out the hard way. The president of the
Iowa Pork Producers Association quit raising hogs on own recently and now
contract feeds pigs for United Suppliers in Eldora.

High feed prices, reduced exports, steady domestic demand and a glut of hogs
isn't a good combination, he said.

"I have a low tolerance for red ink," Vossberg said. "The money is just not
there ... worldwide. All pending trade deals are very important to us."

The USDA announced on March 31 it will buy $25 million of pork products for food
programs. The move is meant to boost prices.

The report estimates 45,000 jobs tied to ag exports will be lost this year.
which could have an impact locally. John Deere is a large exporter of
agricultural equipment and one of the largest employers in the Cedar Valley.
Deere officials weren't available for comment.

Economists believe farmers will spend less this year, but won't close their
wallets completely. That will have a ripple effect on Main Street.

Dave Sabers, manager of Spahn and Rose Lumber Company in Jesup, said farmers are
being cautious with their money these day. Orders for new machinery and
livestock buildings aren't breaking any records.

"We're doing just as many quotes on buildings, but they're not pulling the
trigger (to buy) quite as fast," Sabers said. "They want to see what the new
crop will look like first."

Contact Matthew Wilde at (319) 291-1579 or matt.wilde@wcfcourier.com

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090412-OO-Bringing-home-the-bacon-0412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2009 Waterloo Courier


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                           November 22, 2012 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Agriculture improves lifestyles

BYLINE: Andrea Tagamasau

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 322 words


Places where agricultural activities are dominant show that people's lifestyles
have improved and are better off than places where there is an extractive
industry present.

This was said by veteran agricultural researcher Dr Michael Bourke when
presenting his talk on the role of agriculture in a national economy dominated
by gas, petroleum and mineral exports.

Dr Bourke said that with the resource boom in the country agriculture activities
have decreased thus resulting in it contributing only 18 percent to the
country's economy.

"Agricultural activities are estimated to decrease even further to 5 percent or
4 percent in the next ten to twenty years," said Dr Burke.

Dr Burke said that from his research he has found out that oil palm is the most
valuable exporter in the country with its high buying rates however in the rural
areas coffee is the most grown cash crop. He said that with most Papua New
Guineans living in rural areas their only source of income comes from
agricultural activities.

With the bulk of the population being involved in the agriculture sector it
benefits both the formal and informal import sectors.

"Agriculture provides most income for rural people whose typical household
income is around K4000 to K5000 which is a lot to them," said Dr Bourke.

In order to provide a good lifestyle for all Papua New Guineans agriculture is a
sector where the bulk of the country's population is engaged in, however only a
few of the rural population who have access to roads and other basic
infrastructure benefit from this sector.

He reiterated that income mattered and with the good agricultural income that
people had negative factors affecting the country such as high child mortality
rates would decrease.

He later concluded that with agriculture, the production of food for sale and
the export of cash crops can be associated with the decrease in the rate of
child mortality which is solely dependent on one's income.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 18, 2014 Tuesday

Pakistan: Tax details of Sharif clan not in the FBR directory

LENGTH: 486  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 18 -- Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif, his wife, two sons
and the spouse of one of them paid Rs16,062,173 as income, farm and agriculture
taxes in 2013.

Meanwhile, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif deposited in the national kitty Rs1.2
million as agriculture tax and Rs700,000 as farm (Raiwind) tax in addition to
Rs2,646,401 as income tax.The mother of the prime minister and the Punjab chief
minister disbursed Rs800,000 as agriculture tax, according to the details
provided to media by the sources close to the Sharif family.

The farm and agriculture taxes paid by the federal and provincial legislators
were not reflected in the tax directory released by the Federal Board of Revenue
(FBR) because it incorporated the income tax only.

Shahbaz Sharif, his wife, two sons and the wife of one of them paid Rs14,092,497
in the year 2012 and Rs10,376,788 in the year 2011 as income, agriculture and
farm taxes.

The farm tax, stayed by the Lahore High Court, was imposed two years back by the
Punjab government on large farm houses, which abound in the province and pay no
tax on the sprawling properties.

According to details, Shahbaz Sharif shelled out Rs6,060,680 as taxes -
Rs1,706,250 as income tax; Rs710,627 as farm tax; and Rs3,644,300 as income tax
- in 2013. In the preceding year, these taxes totaled Rs5,816,616. His wife,
Nusrat, disbursed Rs1,596,585 as taxes - Rs884,285 as income tax and Rs712,500
as agriculture tax.

His son, Hamza, who is member of the National Assembly, paid Rs4,383,180 as
income tax. His other son, Suleman, gave Rs3,445,689 as income tax while his
spouse, Zainab, Rs575,681.

According to the statements of assets and liabilities for the year 2012-13
released by the Election Commission of Pakistan the net worth of assets owned by
Nawaz Sharif is Rs1.71 billion. He put the current value of his six agricultural
properties (over 1,700 kanals in Lahore and Sheikhupura at Rs1.08bn and that of
a house in Upper Mall, Lahore, at Rs250m. His wife, Kulsoom Nawaz, owns a
bungalow in Murree worth Rs100m. She owes Rs1.75m to two individuals.

The prime minister owns Abbas and Company, a business venture started with an
amount of Rs10,000. The company's present value is unchanged, but a loan of
Rs84,485 is outstanding against it.

He possesses shares worth Rs33m in nine industrial units. He has received
Rs197.4m remittances from his son Hussain Nawaz. He owns two Mercedes cars, a
Land Cruiser and a tractor. He and his wife have Rs138m balance in 10 bank
accounts.

Shahbaz Sharif declared that the total worth of his assets stands at Rs210.4m.
Hamza stated that the total worth of his assets is Rs213.7 million while his
wife Mehrunissah Hamza owns assets worth Rs2.5 million

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday

Average farm incomes rose to EUR 21,500 in 2011, CSO estimates

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 332 words


While the jump of almost 30% on the previous year's EUR 18,000-plus must yet be
confirmed, it suggests incomes have risen in parallel with gains in output
across almost all sectors of farming. Overall goods output and producer prices
rose by 17.1%, or EUR 913m, in 2011.

However, as the IFA points out, these income figures do not take full account of
increased costs pressures on farmers in the same period.

John Bryan, president of the IFA, said the figures confirm the continuing
positive growth of the primary agriculture sector. The improved buoyancy in
agriculture is making a significant contribution to maintaining jobs and small
businesses across the rural and wider domestic economy, he added.

Mr Bryan said: "The CSO's provisional output and income estimates for
agriculture in 2011 reflect the growth in value of the agriculture sector and
its important role in the economic recovery.

"However, it must be remembered that average farm incomes in 2011 will still be
around EUR 21,500. The cost of doing business remains a concern."

He said increased volatility was evident for 2012, with downward pressure in
some commodity areas. Combined with higher production costs, this could put
pressure on incomes.

"Direct payments represented over 70% of national farm income in 2011. This
highlights the importance of retaining the single farm payment and rural
development programmes in the CAP post-2013 to underpin farm incomes, production
and agri-food output. This will be the clear message from IFA as the
negotiations intensify in the next 12 months."

The CSO's second estimate of operating surplus in agriculture in 2011 shows an
annual rise of 32.5%. This follows a 28.7% rise in 2010. The estimate for 2011
is based on the data currently available for the year.

Comparing 2011 against 2010, increases included the following:

*Milk output: 18.6%, or EUR 286m.

*Cattle output: 19.7%, or EUR 294m

*Pigs output: 19.6%, or EUR 64m

*Sheep output: 13.9%, or EUR 23m

*Cereals output: 52.5%, or EUR 102m.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Pakistan: 'Need to improve value-addition at farm level'

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 1 -- Pakistani farmers get 'low returns' for their commodities
due to higher cost of production, experts said Friday, while calling for
interventions to improve value addition at farm level, and creation of
industrial and market linkages.

Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSR), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan while addressing "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition
2015" said that although the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a
satisfactory growth, yet challenges to farmers remain.

Concerted efforts were being made to improve farm level practices and develop
linkages of farmers with markets and Industry. "We are committed to increase the
existing productivity to ensure better returns to farmers," the minister said.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for the growing
young population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote the agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household incomes.

Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) Chairman Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said
that investment in the agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from
the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said, while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by five percent, the income
in urban areas automatically goes up by eight percent. So there is a need for
proper attention towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
livestock.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of the agriculture sector. He said that the US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Pakistan: 'Need to improve value-addition at farm level'

LENGTH: 397  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, March 1 -- Pakistani farmers get 'low returns' for their commodities
due to higher cost of production, experts said Friday, while calling for
interventions to improve value addition at farm level, and creation of
industrial and market linkages.

Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSR), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan while addressing "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition
2015" said that although the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a
satisfactory growth, yet challenges to farmers remain.

Concerted efforts were being made to improve farm level practices and develop
linkages of farmers with markets and Industry. "We are committed to increase the
existing productivity to ensure better returns to farmers," the minister said.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for the growing
young population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote the agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household incomes.

Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) Chairman Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said
that investment in the agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from
the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said, while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by five percent, the income
in urban areas automatically goes up by eight percent. So there is a need for
proper attention towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
livestock.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of the agriculture sector. He said that the US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 14, 2014 Saturday

With heavy reliance on federal govt, Sindh keeps agriculture tax elusive

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


It seems the Sindh government has finally realised that its pitiful record on
the provincial tax collection is hardly sustainable.

While announcing the establishment of a dedicated Tax Reform Unit during the
Sindh budget speech on Friday, Chief Minister Syed Qaim Ali Shah said the
provincial government aims to increase its tax receipts from Rs91.3 billion to
Rs200 billion over the next three years.

Estimated provincial tax receipts amounting to Rs107 billion constitute merely
15.9% of the total receipts of the province projected for 2014-15. In other
words, the Sindh government finds itself largely dependent on federal transfers
of money, which constitute as much as 70.5% of the total provincial receipts
that are projected to be Rs672.1 billion in the next fiscal year.

As if the extremely low share of the tax receipts in the overall provincial
receipts was not embarrassing enough, a quick look at the breakdown of Sindh's
tax revenues reveals a sharp tilt towards indirect taxation.

Indirect taxes, which are regressive by nature, form as much as 90.7% of the
total projected provincial tax receipts for 2014-15. Direct taxes, which include
the tax on agriculture income, amount to just Rs9.9 billion, or 9.2%, of the
total provincial tax receipts.

In the absence of resource mobilisation at the provincial level, especially by
means of direct taxes, it is least surprising that the Sindh government
repetitively complains about the 'highly unpredictable' federal transfers every
year.

This begs the question as to why the provincial government is so unconcerned
about increasing its tax revenues through direct taxation.

According to Sindh's former (caretaker) minister for finance Syed Shabbar Zaidi,
the provincial government does not want to collect taxes simply to protect the
vested interests.

"Tax is an urban issue in Pakistan. Its collection is limited to big cities
only," he told The media in a pre-budget interview.

Indeed, the amount collected as the tax on agriculture income, which was imposed
in the province back in 2002, is shockingly low. The provincial government had
initially estimated the tax on agriculture income to be Rs468.6 million in
2013-14, but revised it to Rs426.5 million later on, down by almost 9%. The
budget estimate for the tax on agriculture income in 2014-15 is only Rs512.1
million.

It means the tax target for agriculture income for the next fiscal year comes
around 0.4% of the total projected provincial tax receipts.

Quite tellingly, the amount of Rs512.1 million is considerably lower than the
non-tax receipts of Rs546 million that the government expects to receive in
2014-15 through fees drawn by government's educational institutes, including
secondary and intermediate schools, technical colleges and universities.

Furthermore, a quick review of the estimates of expenditures reveals that the
government has promised agriculture subsidies, which exclude administration
expenses, amounting to a staggering Rs3.1 billion in 2014-15.

With heavy subsidies and near-absence of taxation on the income on agriculture,
no wonder the provincial government is going to rely on indirect taxation by
means of sales tax on services (Rs49 billion), provincial excise tax (Rs3.8
billion), stamps duty (Rs9.8 billion) and motor vehicle taxes (Rs5.1 billion).

"It's been 12 years and the Sindh government has yet to establish an SRB-like,
dedicated body for the collection of the tax on agriculture income," Zaidi said
while referring to the Sindh Revenue Board that is tasked with the sole purpose
of collecting sales tax on services in the province. "Who will tax the income on
agriculture if there is not even a full-time provincial secretary for this
purpose?"

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Express Tribune

                             June 8, 2011 Wednesday

At odds once again: Centre, provinces at odds over uniform farm tax rate

BYLINE:  Shahbaz Rana

LENGTH: 604  words


The federal government's attempt to introduce a uniform agriculture tax in all
provinces from July could not sail through, as all the provinces including Sindh
opposed the move on Tuesday, burying the controversial issue, at least for the
time being.

Inside sources told The Express Tribune that a meeting between the federal and
provincial governments failed to develop consensus on the issue of aligning the
agriculture and land tax rates. They added the proposal to tax agriculture
income above the ceiling of Rs350,000 also failed to win the provinces' nod. The
provinces also opposed the proposal of giving the right of collection of
agriculture tax to the Federal Board of Revenue.

After the Muttahida Qaumi Movement's constant demand to tax the agriculture
income, the Council of Common Interests - the highest decision-making body
between the Centre and provinces, constituted a committee to resolve the issue
before the presentation of provincial budgets. Federal Finance Minister Dr Abdul
Hafeez Shaikh is the head of the committee with provincial finance ministers as
members. Currently, agriculture tax is levied in all provinces but the
collection is far beyond the potential with different rates.

A provincial finance secretary said on condition of anonymity the federal
government pushed the provinces to address legal lacunas in their respective
agriculture tax laws and set uniform rates. He said the finance minister also
urged provincial representatives to improve tax assessments besides collecting
actual taxes.

Secretary-level talks would now take place after the presentation of provincial
budgets, said the official. Hafeez Shaikh refused to share details, saying only
that "it was basically an information-sharing meeting" - a statement that
ridicules the mandate given by the CCI. The CCI has called for resolving the
issue with consensus.

Sindh Finance Minister Murad Ali Shah was the first to oppose a uniform tax rate
and also the first to leave the meeting. The federal finance minister had
recently said Sindh's income from agriculture tax had drastically reduced to
just Rs150 million from Rs500 million in 2000.

Sources said Balochistan also opposed the attempt to introduce a uniform
agriculture tax across the board. The provincial finance secretary is said to
have informed the committee that due to harsh ground realities, a decade of
drought and now worst-ever floods, the farmers need subsidies instead of new
taxes. The Balochistan government is collecting Rs65 million in agriculture tax
- Rs60 million land tax and Rs5 million income tax.

"The federal government has tabled suggestions on agriculture tax that will be
presented to the chief minister," said Sardar Zulfiqar Khosa, Senior Adviser to
the Punjab CM.

He said the provinces have sought detail from the Federal Board of Revenue about
people who pay tax on agriculture income. He confirmed that the federal
government has asked the provinces that "there should not be any difference in
the rate of agriculture tax." Punjab underlined the need for building on the
existing laws instead of doing something novel, sources said.

"The agriculture tax is not just a matter of political point-scoring by one
province but it is a matter that requires sufficient time before reaching a
conclusion," said Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa Finance Minister Humayun Khan.

He admitted that the provincial agriculture tax collection was not up to the
mark and last year the province bagged Rs1.9 million. To a question, he said it
was premature to give the agriculture tax collection right to the FBR as even
the stage of revising the tax rate has not yet reached.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Tracking income growth of Indian households

BYLINE: Rajesh Shukla, Adite Banerjie

LENGTH: 1002  words


Two and a half decades ago, India's policy makers embarked on a journey that
would lead the country towards economic liberalisation and development in the
belief that it would offer better opportunities for every family to grow its
income and lead more prosperous and fulfilled lives. While the outcomes of that
decision have been measured by economists in terms of GDP growth, there have
been few efforts to look at the impact on Indian households in terms of
well-being. Though consistent and reliable time-series data is difficult to come
by, the ICE 360o Study has been able to mine comparable data over the FY05 to
FY14 period (nearly a decade). Let's consider some of the findings to see how
the economic development story has panned out for households at different rungs
of the socio-economic ladder.

The number of households grew from 219.3 million to 270.1 million during the
decade and the average size of household declined a tad from 5.00 to 4.68
persons. During this period, among other demographics, there has been a dramatic
shift in the occupational structure of households, with a large number of
households no longer dependent on agriculture for their livelihood. The reasons
for this shift are not difficult to find-fragmented and marginal land holdings,
declining agricultural productivity, irregularity and uncertainty of income and
also the creation of alternative, non-farm sources such MNREGA are some of the
major compelling reasons.

Compared to 63.4 million households that earned a living from self-employment
based activities in agriculture in FY05, there were 57.4 million such households
in FY14. Simultaneously, households engaged in manual labour increased sharply
from 71.3 million to 90.3 million. There was also a significant rise in the
number of households that were self-employed in non-agriculture activities: from
37.4 million to 54.8 million.

The biggest impact of this change has been felt in rural India, where the number
of labour households has increased from 55.9 million to 69.5 million. Rural
households that eke out their livelihood from self-employment in
non-agricultural occupations increased from 17.2 million to 24.3 million. Though
there has been a small spurt in the number of salaried households too-thus
pointing to new employment opportunities in rural India-the fact remains that
for the vast majority of Indian households the source of income continues to be
irregular. Income instability continues to be quite the norm.

This further raises the question: how has occupation structure changed in rural
India over the past decade? It comes as no surprise that 97% of all agricultural
labour in India still resides in rural India. In FY14, nearly 41% of households
whose source of income were regular salaries/wages were to be found in rural
India (compared to 39% in FY05). The percentages for self-employed households in
non-agriculture sector were 46% and 44%, respectively. In terms of share of
incremental household income among the group, the share of self-employed, non-
agriculture group in the rural areas was nearly 42%. Similarly, nearly 35% of
incremental income for the salaried earners was cornered by rural households. It
is evident that during the last decade there hasn't been much of a change in
terms of the occupational structure of rural India and it is unlikely that any
major shift is likely to happen in the future. Though there will most likely be
growth in the quantum of income.

When it comes to material well-being of households, income equated to personal
disposable income of National Accounts (NAS) is perhaps the most significant
component. The good news is that during the past decade, in terms of growth in
income, the bottom-of-the-pyramid households at an all-India level-particularly
those engaged in labour-have benefited the most. This group, for instance,
nearly doubled its annual income from R104,458 (at 2013-14 prices) to R202,738
during the ten-year period. Income of rural households engaged in manual labour
jumped from R96,395 to R190,541. Their counterparts in urban areas saw an
increase of household income from R133,711 to R243,463.

How does this translate in terms of growth in personal disposable income across
all Indian households, and are there differences between rural and urban
households? Consider this: the growth rate for labour households was the highest
at 10.51%-the percentages for both rural and urban were at a similar level. The
next highest growth rate was for the self-employed in non-agriculture occupation
category at 7.79% (all-India level), 9.42% (for rural) and 6.92% (for urban).

Let's consider which among the occupation groups has gained the most during the
period. It emerges that in rural India, labour households have been the biggest
gainers. Their share in total incremental income was 34% (or R113,036 in
absolute terms) followed by the self-employed in non-agriculture group whose
share was 21% (or R202,425). In urban India, the biggest gainers were the
salaried whose share in incremental income was 43% (R260,078), followed by the
self-employed in non-agriculture group with 35% (R217,836).

Evidently, the last decade has lifted a large number of households above
grinding poverty. But this is only half the picture. 'Income growth' as an
indicator of well-being can is only one of the many indicators of development.
While better disposable income can help provide for some basic essentials of
good living, for a satisfactory state of well-being, there is an urgent need for
these households to have access to affordable public services like electricity,
water, education and healthcare. Given that the chief wage earners of nearly 40%
of rural households and 23% of urban ones are engaged as manual labour, policy
makers need to focus on how they can help this group to become value-added
service providers and give them a better chance at progress and prosperity.

Shukla is director and CEO, and Banerjie is consultant, People Research on
India's Consumer Economy (ICE 360o)

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

'Need to improve value-addition at farm level'

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


Pakistani farmers get 'low returns' for their commodities due to higher cost of
production, experts said Friday, while calling for interventions to improve
value addition at farm level, and creation of industrial and market linkages.



Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSR), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan while addressing "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition
2015" said that although the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a
satisfactory growth, yet challenges to farmers remain.

Concerted efforts were being made to improve farm level practices and develop
linkages of farmers with markets and Industry. "We are committed to increase the
existing productivity to ensure better returns to farmers," the minister said.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for the growing
young population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote the agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving
household incomes.

Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) Chairman Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said
that investment in the agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from
the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said, while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.


He was of the view that when rural income increases by five percent, the income
in urban areas automatically goes up by eight percent. So there is a need for
proper attention towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
livestock.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of the agriculture sector. He said that the US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 22, 2012 Wednesday

Canada farm income a record high in 2011

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; BUSINESS TICKER / NORTH AMERICA /
AGRICULTURE; Pg. B11

LENGTH: 128 words


Canadian farmers recorded record-high net income in 2011, but their earnings are
likely to slip modestly in 2012, Canada's Agriculture Department says. In 2011,
strong crop and livestock prices, combined with higher government payouts for
flooding in Western Canada more than offset higher operating expenses,
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada said in a report. Net cash income reached
$11.7-billion in 2011. Prices of grains and oilseeds rose in 2011 because of low
worldwide stocks, partly due to a poor 2010 harvest in eastern Europe, the
government department said. 2012 will also be a strong year for farmers, as
income from market sources rises faster than expenses, Agriculture Canada said.
Overall income is forecast to slip in 2012 by 4 per cent to $11.2-billion

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: Agri income tax collection going down every year

LENGTH: 532 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 12 -- The collection of Agricultural Income Tax (AIT), a form of
direct tax, is continuously showing downslide in the province as per budget
documents for financial year 2012-13.

A visible downward trend in collection of Agricultural Income Tax is being seen
in Punjab for last several years. Against the target of Rs927.18 million, the
Punjab government managed to collect just Rs715.45 million during 2011-12. The
target for the next fiscal has been proposed to be Rs720 million just above the
level of the last year's collection.

The Shahbaz government reduced budget estimate of tax receipt for the
Agricultural Income Tax for 2011-12 to Rs927 million from level of 2010-11 which
stood at Rs1.2 billion, showing a significant reduction. Owing to the low
collection of the tax by provincial authorities, its share in direct taxes,
which reduced to 4.04 percent under the Budget Estimate 2011-12 if compared to
share of 6.75 percent in direct taxes recorded in Budget Estimate 2010-11, has
further been reduced to just 2.36 percent in budget estimate of 2012-13.

As per the budget document, the figures clearly show the downward trend in
revenue collection from the agricultural income tax on account of various
factors. One of the reasons of the low collection has been described as
unchanged rate of tax since 2002-2003. The income mode of Agriculture Income Tax
has not been implemented and the base has remained static. In fact, there has
been a decline in the cultivated area liable to the Agriculture Income Tax which
was caused due to division and subdivision of land on account of
inheritance/partition of land and urbanisation.

It is emphasized in budget documents that consensus among provinces should be
developed to harmonise the agriculture income tax. The issue was discussed in
meeting of Council of Common Interests and it was decided to constitute a
committee of finance ministers and agriculture ministers, headed by the federal
finance minister, to firm up recommendations for harmonization of the
agricultural income tax. It is expected that the recommendations would be
finalised on an early date and implemented across the country.

According to the budget documents, Agricultural Income Tax was originally
envisaged as a tax on income from agricultural activities but for the sake of
convenience it was also being collected in the form of a land tax with a fixed
levy per acre.

In its present form, the tax is being levied in two modes; one is the Land Tax
levied on land holdings at fixed rates per acre (separately for irrigated and
non-irrigated cultivated lands); and the other, introduced in the year 2000, is
on agricultural income. All income from agriculture above Rs80,000 per year is
subject to tax and the Agricultural Income Tax is levied on land holdings of
above 121/2 or 25 acres, respectively for irrigated and non-irrigated cultivated
land.

The Agricultural Income Tax is a form of direct tax. As per budget document,
direct taxes are defined as the taxes which target the income of a person. The
common examples of direct taxes are income tax, wealth tax and agriculture
income tax Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 12, 2012 Tuesday

Pakistan: Collection of agri income tax decreasing every year

LENGTH: 532 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 12 -- The collection of Agricultural Income Tax (AIT), a form of
direct tax, is continuously showing downslide in the province as per budget
documents for financial year 2012-13.

A visible downward trend in collection of Agricultural Income Tax is being seen
in Punjab for last several years. Against the target of Rs927.18 million, the
Punjab government managed to collect just Rs715.45 million during 2011-12. The
target for the next fiscal has been proposed to be Rs720 million just above the
level of the last year's collection.

The Shahbaz government reduced budget estimate of tax receipt for the
Agricultural Income Tax for 2011-12 to Rs927 million from level of 2010-11 which
stood at Rs1.2 billion, showing a significant reduction. Owing to the low
collection of the tax by provincial authorities, its share in direct taxes,
which reduced to 4.04 percent under the Budget Estimate 2011-12 if compared to
share of 6.75 percent in direct taxes recorded in Budget Estimate 2010-11, has
further been reduced to just 2.36 percent in budget estimate of 2012-13.

As per the budget document, the figures clearly show the downward trend in
revenue collection from the agricultural income tax on account of various
factors. One of the reasons of the low collection has been described as
unchanged rate of tax since 2002-2003.

The income mode of Agriculture Income Tax has not been implemented and the base
has remained static. In fact, there has been a decline in the cultivated area
liable to the Agriculture Income Tax which was caused due to division and
subdivision of land on account of inheritance/partition of land and
urbanisation.

It is emphasized in budget documents that consensus among provinces should be
developed to harmonise the agriculture income tax. The issue was discussed in
meeting of Council of Common Interests and it was decided to constitute a
committee of finance ministers and agriculture ministers, headed by the federal
finance minister, to firm up recommendations for harmonization of the
agricultural income tax. It is expected that the recommendations would be
finalised on an early date and implemented across the country.

According to the budget documents, Agricultural Income Tax was originally
envisaged as a tax on income from agricultural activities but for the sake of
convenience it was also being collected in the form of a land tax with a fixed
levy per acre.

In its present form, the tax is being levied in two modes; one is the Land Tax
levied on land holdings at fixed rates per acre (separately for irrigated and
non-irrigated cultivated lands); and the other, introduced in the year 2000, is
on agricultural income. All income from agriculture above Rs80,000 per year is
subject to tax and the Agricultural Income Tax is levied on land holdings of
above 121/2 or 25 acres, respectively for irrigated and non-irrigated cultivated
land.

The Agricultural Income Tax is a form of direct tax. As per budget document,
direct taxes are defined as the taxes which target the income of a person. The
common examples of direct taxes are income tax, wealth tax and agriculture
income tax Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 28, 1985

'Big Fall' in farmers' incomes / Comment from Michael Franklin, permanent
secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture

BYLINE: By ROSEMARY COLLINS, Agriculture Correspondent

LENGTH: 378 words


When official figures are published early next year they will show that farmers'
incomes fell by at least 30 per cent during 1985, Sir Michael Franklin,
permanent secretary at the Ministry of Agriculture, predicted yesterday.

He described it as a turbulent year, with a significant drop in income in most
areas, but most marked in Scotland and Northern Ireland. He would not be
surprised if is own forecast had to be modified later, 'perhaps significantly,'
resulting in a still sharper drop in profitability.


If proved correct, his prediction will make 1985 the worst year for the
agriculture industry since 1980. In 1984 total farm income was pounds 1,800
million.

Sir Richard Butler, the retiring president of the National Farmer's Union, said
yesterday that he believed the 1985 figures would be even worse than those for
1980. 'Farm income remains well below the average income for the rest of the
economy and that gap is widening,' he said.

There was a danger that farming was heading into recession. In looking for ways
to control farm output, and thus public expenditure on the industry, neither the
EEC Commission nor the government had paid enough attention to 'the farm income
problem,' Sir Richard said.

Sir Michael Franklin, however, warned farmers that they must become more market
orientated, and less reliant on public subsidy. For some key products, like
grain and milk, a 'stop sign is now obvious,' he told the National Agricultural
Outlook conference yesterday. He thought that the recent decline in land prices
had, however, now stabilised.

A report produced yesterday by a Country Landowners' Association working party
suggests that British farmers cannot expect the government to defend their
interests with the same determination that other European governments look after
their farming interests. It predicts that some land will go out of production,
and that unemployment in rural areas will rise.

Farm incomes will continue to decline, the CLA suggests, as surplus farm produce
and static levels of consumption put pressure on prices and profits. An
increasing share of EEC farm subsidies will be absorbed by the southern
Mediterranean countries in future, and landowners should take steps now to
diversify.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Government decides to stop collection of agriculture tax from farmers: minister

SECTION: Vol. 52 No. 296

LENGTH: 192  words


Punjab Minister for Agriculture Dr Farrukh Javed disclosed here on Wednesday
that the provincial government had decided to stop collection of agriculture
income tax from farmers. The decision was taken on the complaints of farmers
regarding complicated procedure of collection of agriculture income tax and
directives in this regard have been issued to all the field officers and
assistant commissioners of revenue.

He expressed these views while talking to the delegation of farmers. He said the
Punjab government is taking every possible step to provide maximum financial
relief to the farmers. He said the government has taken serious steps to provide
relief and increase of agriculture production.

The minister said that Kisan Package of 100 billion will provide interest-free
loan to 5,00,000 farmers which will help diminish the role of middle man. The
minister stated the registration of farmers regarding loans will continue till
November 15 but the government will start distribution of loans soon. The
minister directed all the field officers to ensure implementation of
notification regarding decision of withholding the agriculture income tax.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture Canada says farm income growing to record levels

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Agriculture Canada says 2015 could be a bumper year for farm incomes.

The department said in its annual outlook that farm incomes reached record
levels in 2015 and will remain above average this year. "Our analysis shows that
2015 and 2016 should be among the most successful years in the history of
Canadian agriculture," said Rodney Myer, director of the economic analysis
division.

"We expect that net cash income in 2015 will reach $15 billion, which is about
six per cent above the record set in 2014."

The report provides a forecast of farm income in the agricultural sector for the
previous and current calendar years and looks ahead 10 years to longer term
trends that could affect the agriculture sector.

Myer said they're expecting a decline to $13.6 billion this year, but he said
that's still historically high. It's 14 per cent higher than the 2010-2014
average. The average net operating income in 2015 is forecast to be $77,287. The
average net worth per farm is expected to hit $2.7 million this year.

"Early in the 2015 growing season, there was significant concern that widespread
dry conditions in Western Canada would result in a short crop and a sharp
decline in farm cash receipts," said Myer.

But "late summer rainfall rejuvenated withered crops."

The outlook said a projected increase in both crop and livestock receipts
contributed to strong income levels. Livestock receipts are expected to increase
two per cent to $26.2 billion in 2015, while crop receipts are expected to have
also increased two per cent to $30.7 billion in 2015.

The outlook also said lower oil prices have significantly reduced on-farm fuel
expenses, while the lower Canadian dollar has improved competitiveness of
agricultural commodities in export markets.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Canadian Press; Crop receipts are forecast to hit $30.7 billion in
2015.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 4, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

ROOT OUT FARM SUBSIDIES EVEN WITHOUT THEM, FARMERS WOULD EARN MORE THAN THE;
AVERAGE AMERICAN

BYLINE: Kevin L. Kliesen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1047 words


Every four years, the press begins to focus on those groups that believe the
political process has either abandoned them or discounted their concerns.  Not
coincidently, these four years parallel our presidential election cycle.  Thus,
it is not surprising to read about the problems facing agriculture and the
ignorance of the federal government about issues indigenous to the farm sector.
A more pertinent consideration, however, is why further governmental assistance
is necessary when the vast majority of the nation's farmers earn incomes
substantially above the average worker.  Beginning with the Agricultural
Adjustment Act of 1933, the federal government has had an activist policy toward
agriculture. Although originally intended to boost farm prices and income,
intervention into agriculture in reality stemmed from a broader context. This
context was based on the ideals of ''Jeffersonian agrarianism'' and something
called the ''agricultural creed.'' In essence, these two pillars of agricultural
public policy rest on the notion that all commerce evolves from agriculture,
that the rural way of life is superior to all others and that a democratic
society is best anchored on a foundation of small, independent farmers. Thus,
given the predominant agrarian history of our country, farming was granted
special protection status.  These issues fail to hold sway with much of today's
largely suburban electorate. Why? The simple fact is that agricultural
employment as a percent of total employment has steadily fallen over the years -
to 2.5 percent in 1991 from about 20 percent in 1933. A similar pattern is found
in farm output as a percent of the nation's total output, which has decreased to
about 1.5 percent from about 11.4 percent in 1933.  Although some may view these
developments as a sign of agriculture's decline, the opposite is true. In fact,
over the post-World War II period, agriculture has been a strong growth
industry. Technological advances such as hybrid crops, more efficient tillage
practices, chemicals and better farm machinery have enabled fewer farmers to
produce more. This has enabled scarce resources to migrate to other sectors,
like manufacturing, services or biotechnology.  Advocates of governmental
involvement in agriculture will argue that the steadily declining share of farm
output as a percentage of non-farm output has translated into a declining level
of farm income relative to non-farm income.  Has this occurred? No.  During much
of the post-war period, median farm income levels averaged only one-half of
non-farm income; not until the late 1960s and early 1970s did median farm income
reach 70 percent of non-farm income on a sustained basis.  Median farm income
has continued to grow, however, so that, by 1990, it was about 6 percent higher
than median non-farm income ($31,589 vs. $29,901).  When one considers such
factors as lower housing costs, consumption of home-produced products and less
crime and congestion you could say that today's farmers are doing much better
than their brethren did several years ago.  Skeptics may point out that measures
of median income do not account for such factors as differing farm sizes.
Clearly, farm size is the overwhelming factor that determines farm income. Not
surprisingly, farms with the largest operations have the largest incomes. Also
not surprising is the fact that small farms tend to have relatively low levels
of income derived from farming operations. These small farms depend on off-farm
income for their survival.  In 1990, operations with sales of less than $40,000
- most of which are rural residences that don't depend on income from crop or
livestock sales - had farm incomes of about $1,300 a year. In contrast, small,
family farms - defined as having sales between $40,000 and $100,000 - had farm
incomes of almost $26,000 a year. These two groups constitute about 85 percent
of all farms, but only about 16 percent of farm production.  When one looks at
the data for the full-time farmer, however, things look a little different. In
fact, the typical family farm - with sales between $100,000 and $250,000 - had
an average net income of over $70,000 in 1990. The large and very large family
farms do quite well also. Farms with sales between $250,000 and $500,000 earned
nearly $160,000 in 1990, while those in the $500,000 to $1 million sales class
earned about $273,000. The very largest farms - those with sales over $1 million
- earned about $1.2 million in 1990.  Although these numbers are just a snapshot
in time, the picture is nonetheless very clear: The degree and extent of
financial distress in agriculture seem to be considerably less than commonly
heard.  The truth is that our family farms will not drown in a sea of financial
despair without government support. Of the roughly $70,000 in income the typical
family farm received in 1990, less than one-quarter - or $15,000 - came from
government support payments. Among the largest farming operations, this share
drops further: The 16,000 largest farms received only 2 percent of their income
from the government in 1990, while those farms with sales between $500,000 and
$1,000,000 derived just over 13 percent of their income from the government.
Clearly, not only is further aid unnecessary, but reducing government income
supports will not impose undue financial burdens upon the average full-time
farmer.  Advocates of the status quo may argue that agriculture's inherent
instability requires continuation of government farm programs. We should not
lose sight of the fact, however, that today's farmer is among the most
productive, hard-working and well-paid in the world - without the assistance of
farm programs, which have reduced our international market share, glutted
markets with excess commodities and increased the consumer's food and tax bills
each year to the tune of billions of dollars.  Although painful in the short
run, the reallocation of scarce resources away from inefficient enterprises -
whether farm or nonfarm - to more productive enterprises is not only in
agriculture's best interest, but is also in the United States' long-term
interest. Competition in the global market place requires it.  Kevin L. Kliesen,
St. Louis County, is an economist.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                     October 1, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Community Capital Management to Invest $50 Million in Fixed Income Investments
Financing Sustainable Agriculture

LENGTH: 234  words


Oct. 2 -- US-based Community Capital Management issued the following news
release:

Community Capital Management, Inc. (CCM), a leading fixed income impact
investing manager, today announced that it will INVEST $50 million over the next
couple of years in fixed income INVESTMENTSfinancing sustainable agriculture.  A
new report on the initiative is available for download at no charge on CCM's
website at www.ccmfixedincome.com.

The 5-page report covers:

* What is sustainable agriculture and how it benefits the environment and
community health;

* Types of fixed income securities that may finance sustainable
agricultural-related initiatives; and

*Examples of CCM's INVESTMENTS supporting sustainable agriculture.

"The sustainable agriculture movement is growing and as a result, impact
investors are increasingly able to add it to a menu of mission choices that
align with their social and FINANCIAL objectives," said Barbara VanScoy, chief
impact investment officer at CCM. "While still relatively new, there are
opportunities for market-rate investors to direct capital to opportunities that
support and nurture a local, sustainable agricultural economy."

To date, CCM has invested over $6.3 billion in community development initiatives
nationwide on behalf of its clients that include foundations, banks, religious
organizations, pension FUNDS, and high net worth investors.

Source: Community Capital Management

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       June 16, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Government to Launch Revamped Agriculture Income Insurance Scheme

LENGTH: 196  words


June 16 -- The Government of India will shortly bring a revamped version of crop
insurance scheme, with the name of 'Agriculture Income Insurance Scheme' to
guarantee a minimum level of income for farmers during a crisis, such as crop
loss and natural disaster.

Union Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said that the government will
unveil Agriculture Income Insurance Scheme in 2016, to guarantee a minimum
income to farmers. Singh was speaking at the two-day national seminar organized
by Madhya Pradesh government to provide final form to the planned new crop
insurance scheme.

He also said that the government will soon disburse fund for Rs 50,000 per
hectare under newly floated 'Traditional Agriculture Development Scheme'. The
government will also grant fund for soil testing to all states.

Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan suggested that a Farmers
Welfare Fund should be formed in case proposed alternative crop insurance scheme
gets delayed.

The state government pays Rs 20-30 billion every year to reduce losses under
crop loss scheme or in other way. The state and central governments would
contribute to the Farmers Welfare Fund, Chouhan added.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Jaipur Edition

Farmers' bodies issue Budget wishlist

SECTION: TIMES NATION | POLITICS & POLICY

LENGTH: 380 words


A number of farmers' organisations, led by Jai Kisan Andolan of Swaraj Abhiyan,
sought on Monday a complete overhaul of the country's agriculture policy so that
it not only increases farm income within a specific time-frame, but also ensures
guaranteed income for farmers.

Ahead of the Union Budget, the organisations released a wishlist, urging the
government to clearly spell out a \x93mechanism for doubling the nominal income
of farmers and all primary producers in the rural sector in three years\x93.
\x93If the government is serious about tackling the long-term crisis in
agriculture through assurance of income to farmers, it should enact a 'Farmers'
Income Guarantee Act'. A bud

getary allocation should be made in 2017-18 to set up a permanent and statutory
'National Farmers' Income Commission' for income assessment of farm households
and implementing the income guarantee, and a fullfledged income security
mechanism from 2018-19,\x93 they said in a statement.

Jai Kisan Andolan, led by Swaraj Abhiyan chief Yogendra Yadav, will present an
alternative budget called 'Krishi Budget (budget for

farming and farmers)' on February 1, the day FM Arun Jaitley presents the Union
Budget, during a in a gathering, called 'Kisan Sansad (farmers' parliament)' at
Jantar Mantar in Delhi.

The organisations have pitched for a 'Remunerative and Universal Price Yield
Assurance (RUPYA)', urging the government to come out with a mechanism where the
prices are remunerative, the benefits should be available to all farmers, and
farmers cov

ered against all forms of crop loss and price deficiency.

Compensation for losses suffered on account of demonetisation, increase in
allocation for agriculture in the Budget, overhaul of the disaster relief
system, and creation of a 'National Disaster Mitigation Fund' are among the
other key demands in the wishlist. They have also demanded scaling up
investments in sustainable agriculture, saying the allocation for the
Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana -which seeks to promote organic farming -needs
to be substantially increased, with a specific component for reviving
traditional crop diversity in all farms. The organisations have sought a review
of the the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, saying the scheme had not yielded
the promised results.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday
                                 Delhi Edition

Farmers' bodies issue Budget wishlist

SECTION: TIMES NATION | POLITICS &AMP; POLICY

LENGTH: 380 words


A number of farmers' organisations, led by Jai Kisan Andolan of Swaraj Abhiyan,
sought on Monday a complete overhaul of the country's agriculture policy so that
it not only increases farm income within a specific time-frame, but also ensures
guaranteed income for farmers.

Ahead of the Union Budget, the organisations released a wishlist, urging the
government to clearly spell out a \x93mechanism for doubling the nominal income
of farmers and all primary producers in the rural sector in three years\x93.
\x93If the government is serious about tackling the long-term crisis in
agriculture through assurance of income to farmers, it should enact a 'Farmers'
Income Guarantee Act'. A bud

getary allocation should be made in 2017-18 to set up a permanent and statutory
'National Farmers' Income Commission' for income assessment of farm households
and implementing the income guarantee, and a fullfledged income security
mechanism from 2018-19,\x93 they said in a statement.

Jai Kisan Andolan, led by Swaraj Abhiyan chief Yogendra Yadav, will present an
alternative budget called 'Krishi Budget (budget for

farming and farmers)' on February 1, the day FM Arun Jaitley presents the Union
Budget, during a in a gathering, called 'Kisan Sansad (farmers' parliament)' at
Jantar Mantar in Delhi.

The organisations have pitched for a 'Remunerative and Universal Price Yield
Assurance (RUPYA)', urging the government to come out with a mechanism where the
prices are remunerative, the benefits should be available to all farmers, and
farmers cov

ered against all forms of crop loss and price deficiency.

Compensation for losses suffered on account of demonetisation, increase in
allocation for agriculture in the Budget, overhaul of the disaster relief
system, and creation of a 'National Disaster Mitigation Fund' are among the
other key demands in the wishlist. They have also demanded scaling up
investments in sustainable agriculture, saying the allocation for the
Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana -which seeks to promote organic farming -needs
to be substantially increased, with a specific component for reviving
traditional crop diversity in all farms. The organisations have sought a review
of the the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, saying the scheme had not yielded
the promised results.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 24, 2009 Monday

Call to protect organic farmers from cuts

BYLINE: SEÁN MacCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 390 words


AS THE Department of Agriculture announced a major review of the organic farming
scheme here, the largest organic farming group has said smaller farmers should
escape the cuts to agriculture spending.

The 1,000 member Irish Organic Farmers and Growers Association said cuts, if
essential, should be informed by a vision for the future shape of rural Ireland.

The association said it  believes that the growing economic consequences of
climate change, peak oil and environmental regulation will make both smaller
holdings and organic farming more and more viable in the future.

Government policy should aim to work with these broader global trends to ensure
a vibrant rural economy in the coming years. In this respect, cutbacks to
environmental schemes like Reps (Rural Environmental Protection Scheme) and to
supports for the organic sector seem particularly unwise,  the association said
in a statement.

The potential role of agriculture in the economy should be taken into account
before making cuts, the association said.

Agriculture can play an important role in rebalancing the economy away from an
excessive dependence on multinational investment and the property sector,  it
said.

Any cutbacks in spending on agriculture to be structured so as to protect small
farmers. The current proposals in the McCarthy report for a reduction in Reps
and the Disadvantaged Area Scheme will result in a serious loss of income for
many smaller farmers with low incomes,  the statement continued.

If savings are required from the sector they could perhaps be achieved by
capping the amount that any individual farmer can receive under the Single Farm
Payment at say EUR 50,000 and redistributing the money saved to support the
current Reps scheme,  it said.

Association head Kate Carmody said the economic crisis provided a real
opportunity to develop a new vision for agriculture in Ireland.

We must rebalance our economy in a more sustainable way and agriculture can play
a key role in that particularly by focusing on areas of growing consumer demand
such as organics,  she said . . . The current plan to cut Reps will result in a
serious loss of income for many smaller farmers with low incomes,  she said.
Minister for Food Trevor Sargent said public submissions on organic farming
should be sent to organics@agriculture.gov.ie by September 4th.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             August 24, 2009 Monday

Call to protect organic farmers from cuts

BYLINE: SEÁN MacCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: IRELAND; Regional News; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 390 words


AS THE Department of Agriculture announced a major review of the organic farming
scheme here, the largest organic farming group has said smaller farmers should
escape the cuts to agriculture spending.

The 1,000 member Irish Organic Farmers and Growers Association said cuts, if
essential, should be informed by a vision for the future shape of rural Ireland.

The association said it  believes that the growing economic consequences of
climate change, peak oil and environmental regulation will make both smaller
holdings and organic farming more and more viable in the future.

Government policy should aim to work with these broader global trends to ensure
a vibrant rural economy in the coming years. In this respect, cutbacks to
environmental schemes like Reps (Rural Environmental Protection Scheme) and to
supports for the organic sector seem particularly unwise,  the association said
in a statement.

The potential role of agriculture in the economy should be taken into account
before making cuts, the association said.

Agriculture can play an important role in rebalancing the economy away from an
excessive dependence on multinational investment and the property sector,  it
said.

Any cutbacks in spending on agriculture to be structured so as to protect small
farmers. The current proposals in the McCarthy report for a reduction in Reps
and the Disadvantaged Area Scheme will result in a serious loss of income for
many smaller farmers with low incomes,  the statement continued.

If savings are required from the sector they could perhaps be achieved by
capping the amount that any individual farmer can receive under the Single Farm
Payment at say EUR 50,000 and redistributing the money saved to support the
current Reps scheme,  it said.

Association head Kate Carmody said the economic crisis provided a real
opportunity to develop a new vision for agriculture in Ireland.

We must rebalance our economy in a more sustainable way and agriculture can play
a key role in that particularly by focusing on areas of growing consumer demand
such as organics,  she said . . . The current plan to cut Reps will result in a
serious loss of income for many smaller farmers with low incomes,  she said.
Minister for Food Trevor Sargent said public submissions on organic farming
should be sent to organics@agriculture.gov.ie by September 4th.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            January 18, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Easter on a trek

BYLINE: The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 142  words


Federal Agriculture Parliamentary Secretary Wayne Easter wants to talk to
farmers in person.

Easter started travelling across Canada on Monday so he can discuss farm income
issues with farmers.

His trek ends Jan 29.

"By working together, we can find lasting solutions to the farm income problem
in Canada, and help ensure the future of Canadian agriculture is as successful
and accomplished as its past," Easter said in a press release.

Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell said Easter's findings will be part of a
report to be considered at a national Ministers of Agriculture conference
scheduled for later this year.

"Farmers from across Canada have faced numerous challenges recently, and
addressing farm income means understanding what factors are affecting the
agriculture industry and determining the best ways for the industry to respond,"
Mitchell said.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            January 31, 2017 Tuesday
                                Kolkata Edition

Farmers' bodies issue Budget wish list

SECTION: TIMES NATION | POLITICS & POLITICS

LENGTH: 380 words


A number of farmers' organisations, led by Jai Kisan Andolan of Swaraj Abhiyan,
sought on Monday a complete overhaul of the country's agriculture policy so that
it not only increases farm income within a specific time-frame, but also ensures
guaranteed income for farmers.

Ahead of the Union Budget, the organisations released a wishlist, urging the
government to clearly spell out a \x93mechanism for doubling the nominal income
of farmers and all primary producers in the rural sector in three years\x93.
\x93If the government is serious about tackling the long-term crisis in
agriculture through assurance of income to farmers, it should enact a 'Farmers'
Income Guarantee Act'. A bud

getary allocation should be made in 2017-18 to set up a permanent and statutory
'National Farmers' Income Commission' for income assessment of farm households
and implementing the income guarantee, and a fullfledged income security
mechanism from 2018-19,\x93 they said in a statement.

Jai Kisan Andolan, led by Swaraj Abhiyan chief Yogendra Yadav, will present an
alternative budget called 'Krishi Budget (budget for

farming and farmers)' on February 1, the day FM Arun Jaitley presents the Union
Budget, during a in a gathering, called 'Kisan Sansad (farmers' parliament)' at
Jantar Mantar in Delhi.

The organisations have pitched for a 'Remunerative and Universal Price Yield
Assurance (RUPYA)', urging the government to come out with a mechanism where the
prices are remunerative, the benefits should be available to all farmers, and
farmers cov

ered against all forms of crop loss and price deficiency.

Compensation for losses suffered on account of demonetisation, increase in
allocation for agriculture in the Budget, overhaul of the disaster relief
system, and creation of a 'National Disaster Mitigation Fund' are among the
other key demands in the wishlist. They have also demanded scaling up
investments in sustainable agriculture, saying the allocation for the
Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana -which seeks to promote organic farming -needs
to be substantially increased, with a specific component for reviving
traditional crop diversity in all farms. The organisations have sought a review
of the the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, saying the scheme had not yielded
the promised results.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The News International

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

'Need to improve value-addition at farm level'

BYLINE: Israr Khan

SECTION: Vol. 25 No. 4

LENGTH: 359  words


Pakistani farmers get 'low returns' for their commodities due to higher cost of
production, experts said Friday, while calling for interventions to improve
value addition at farm level, and creation of industrial and market linkages.

Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSR), Sikandar Hayat
Khan Bosan while addressing "Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition
2015" said that although the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a
satisfactory growth, yet challenges to farmers remain.

Concerted efforts were being made to improve farm level practices and develop
linkages of farmers with markets and Industry. "We are committed to increase the
existing productivity to ensure better returns to farmers," the minister said.

The government would provide required infrastructure support to agroprocessors
with the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for the growing
young population, he said. The minister however highlighted the importance of
developing new products and technologies to promote the agriculture sector.

He said that as per the government policies, the rural youth will be supported
in acquiring new skills for setting agrobased businesses for improving household
incomes.

Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC) Chairman Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said
that investment in the agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from
the country.

"One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in
eradication of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors," he
said, while giving a detailed presentation on state of agriculture in Pakistan.

He was of the view that when rural income increases by five percent, the income
in urban areas automatically goes up by eight percent. So there is a need for
proper attention towards the development of agriculture sector, particularly
livestock.

In his address to the conference, Mission Director, USAID Pakistan, Gregory
Gottlieb said that his country was committed to work with Pakistan for the
promotion of the agriculture sector. He said that the US has been looking for
opportunities to help make Pakistan's future bright.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The News International
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Corkman (Ireland)

                               September 26, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Investment in agriculture delivers export growth and job creation, IFA president
tells Oireachtas committee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 400 words


Addressing the Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform
today (Thurs), IFA President John Bryan said the clear message from the farming
sector is that Government support for farmers provides a sustainable stimulus
for the Irish economy, which will drive export growth and job creation.

He said, "Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets,
there has been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013.
This comes at a time when Ireland is experiencing a general fall in
manufacturing exports".

John Bryan said underpinning this growth is a primary agriculture sector that is
delivering a high quality, sustainable raw material to the food sector.
Agriculture contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is of
particular importance in the rural economy.

"However, farming remains a low-income sector, and the importance of farm
schemes to farm income and production must not be forgotten. A combination of
dreadful weather conditions which continued into spring 2013, soaring input
costs and the resulting fodder crisis impacted heavily on profitability and
output at farm level."

Recently published figures by Teagasc's National Farm Survey estimate that
average family farm in 2012 fell by 15% compared to 2011. Many farmers have come
under severe cashflow problems as a result.

In addition, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts, and cuts to
farm schemes in particular, is challenging the viability of thousands of low-
income family farms. Cuts to farm schemes impact directly on farm income and
have a negative knock-on effect on production decisions on-farm. Total funding
for the agriculture budget has been reduced by a greater percentage than any
other major Government department. Since 2008, total funding for agriculture has
been cut by 41.2%, compared to an average reduction across all Government
departments of 12.6%.

The facts are that the proportionate spend on the agriculture since 2004 has
fallen by 25% (from 3.04% in 2004 of the total national budget to 2.26% in 2013)
Furthermore within the agriculture budget, farm schemes have been targeted for
disproportionate cuts. Total expenditure on farm schemes between 2011 and 2013
has fallen by 18% or (EURO)119m. This compares to a reduction in expenditure of
8%, or (EURO)60m across all other budgetary headings within the Agriculture
budget.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CMN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Kerryman (Ireland)

                               September 25, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Investment in agriculture delivers export growth and job creation, IFA president
tells Oireachtas committee

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 76

LENGTH: 400 words


Addressing the Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure and Reform
today (Thurs), IFA President John Bryan said the clear message from the farming
sector is that Government support for farmers provides a sustainable stimulus
for the Irish economy, which will drive export growth and job creation.

He said, "Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets,
there has been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013.
This comes at a time when Ireland is experiencing a general fall in
manufacturing exports".

John Bryan said underpinning this growth is a primary agriculture sector that is
delivering a high quality, sustainable raw material to the food sector.
Agriculture contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is of
particular importance in the rural economy.

"However, farming remains a low-income sector, and the importance of farm
schemes to farm income and production must not be forgotten. A combination of
dreadful weather conditions which continued into spring 2013, soaring input
costs and the resulting fodder crisis impacted heavily on profitability and
output at farm level."

Recently published figures by Teagasc's National Farm Survey estimate that
average family farm in 2012 fell by 15% compared to 2011. Many farmers have come
under severe cashflow problems as a result.

In addition, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts, and cuts to
farm schemes in particular, is challenging the viability of thousands of low-
income family farms. Cuts to farm schemes impact directly on farm income and
have a negative knock-on effect on production decisions on-farm. Total funding
for the agriculture budget has been reduced by a greater percentage than any
other major Government department. Since 2008, total funding for agriculture has
been cut by 41.2%, compared to an average reduction across all Government
departments of 12.6%.

The facts are that the proportionate spend on the agriculture since 2004 has
fallen by 25% (from 3.04% in 2004 of the total national budget to 2.26% in 2013)
Furthermore within the agriculture budget, farm schemes have been targeted for
disproportionate cuts. Total expenditure on farm schemes between 2011 and 2013
has fallen by 18% or (EURO)119m. This compares to a reduction in expenditure of
8%, or (EURO)60m across all other budgetary headings within the Agriculture
budget.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KMN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    December 21, 1996 Saturday Final Edition

Union disputes farm income report: Agriculture Canada says net cash has
increased

SOURCE: Canadian Press

BYLINE: Jim Morris

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


An Agriculture Canada survey that says farm income rose in 1995 is an attempt to
wrap glistening paper around a drab Christmas gift, says the National Farmers
Union.

The survey says the average net cash income for Canada's farmers was $26,396 in
1995, up $2,900 from 1993. Large revenue increases from sales of grains,
oilseeds, hogs and potatoes were responsible for the rise.

"We saw quite an improvement in the farm financial situation of Canadian
farmers," Agriculture Canada spokesman Dave Culver said in releasing the survey
yesterday.

"In general, farm prices were good, the production level yields were fairly
favorable and it was a period of relatively low interest rates."

Federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale called the survey "bascially good
news."

But Darrin Qualman, NFU executive secretary, called the use of net cash income
figures misleading because they don't take into account depreciation and changes
in inventory value -- as does net farm income. Net cash income is simply the
total amount farmers earned.

"It's a completely meaningless number," Mr. Qualman said from Saskatoon.

He pointed to Statistics Canada figures that show the total Canadian farm net
income dropping to $2.9 billion in 1995 from $3.6 billion in 1993, a 24 per cent
reduction.

"Everybody else uses net farm income," Mr. Qualman said.

"Net farm income is down substantially over the study period. Rather than report
that, they chose to use net cash income, which is not any sort of indicator of
the income of farm families."

Larry Maguire, president of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers Association,
doubts the numbers will be as good for 1996-97 as grain prices fall and farmers
begin feeling the affects of the elimination of the western grain transporation
subsidy.

"We haven't seen the changes in efficiencies in rail transportation which would
allow farmers to save money," he said from his farm at Elgin, Man.

Highest

Agriculture Canada's farm financial survey has been conducted every two years
since 1981. This year's survey involved 12,000 farms.

It found Quebec, Saskatchewan and Alberta farms had the highest net operating
income while those in British Columbia were the lowest at $20,538.

Quebec farmers earned an average $29,758. But $14,585 came from government
payment programs, two-thirds of which were provincial.

Potato farmers had the highest net operating income of $88,092. Beef farmers, at
$7,550, had the lowest, reflecting low cattles prices and high feed costs in
1995, the survey said.

The average Canadian farm had a net worth of $538,319 in 1995, up 12 per cent
from 1993.

Total farm liabilities were $23 billion in 1995, up eight per cent from 1993.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: CP; Dale Culver of Agriculture Canada says report shows
improvement.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1996 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 25, 2000

Top economist says slump will go on

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: Finance, Pg.21

LENGTH: 335 words


THE agricultural depression that has swept the world looks likely to continue
and could well get deeper in the short term, America's chief agricultural
economist warned yesterday.

Keith Collins, of the US Department of Agriculture, warned of a 20% crash in
farm incomes in his country this year to just over GBP 30billion - the lowest
level since 1986.

And he said the US government was likely to plough in another GBP 10billion in
emergency aid over the coming 12 months as farm incomes were expected to remain
"very weak".

Ths US gave its farmers GBP 15billion in assistance last year to cover the
shortfall in incomes caused by the crash in world commodity prices. The latest
GBP 297million was paid out last week to the nation's oilseed producers.
Dairymen previously had GBP 203million in aid and sheep producers GBP 63million.

The aid packages are in stark contrast to the UK situation, where Prime Minister
Tony Blair has said it is up to the industry to resolve its own difficulties.
But with 2million farmers in the US and a huge agricultural pressure lobby, the
government is often forced to act.

Mr Collins said the federal assistance had ensured that an economic crisis on US
farms had not materialised.

But his forecast of continuing difficulties on the agricultural commodity
markets will do nothing to boost flagging confidence elsewhere in the world,
which still looks on the US as the global indicator for the agricultural
economy.

Mr Collins told the forum that the downturn in the US agricultural economy had
been a severe, with many commodity prices at 30-year lows.

But on the brighter side, he said global economies were improving and the
balance sheets for America's farmers remained strong as they had helped
themselves through the difficulties by delaying equipment purchases and paying
off debts.

He said the outlook for livestock and poultry was more encouraging than for
crops.

US cattle prices are expected to increase 5% because of a fall in animal
numbers.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            March 26, 2016 Saturday

Leveraging agriculture for nutrition

LENGTH: 1180 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, March 26 -- "The agriculture sector and wider agri-food system are
considered to be central to sustained progress in reducing under-nutrition and
yet not enough is known about how to unleash this potential", argued some
eminent economists from the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI)
and the Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO). Stuart Gillespie, Mara van den
Bold, Judith Hodge and Anna Herforth, for example, recently undertook some case
studies to establish their points of how agriculture could become nerve-centre
for nutrition - not by producing food alone but also by promoting
nutrition-sensitive food. Possibly we can hardly contest their views since, in
many cases, malnutrition accompanies massive food production. The Asian enigma,
embracing surplus food and under-nutrition, is alleged to have gripped this
region and we need to look into the matter more seriously than before. It is in
this context that we will draw upon their research - occasionally paraphrased -
done in some Asian and African countries to get insights.

Overall, the researchers found that the notion of nutrition itself differed
significantly among stakeholders. Some considered nutrition outcomes to refer to
child growth or micronutrient status, while others perceived improved food
access and diets to be primary nutrition outcomes. Many stakeholders are of the
view that stunting and child nutrition are primarily health issues under the
purview of the Ministry of Health, not directly affected by agriculture. Take
the following observation: "As one interviewee stated, nutrition is perceived to
be a concept outside agriculture and its (agriculture's) indicators can't check
for reductions in stunting, rather they will check on number of households
without food or with food diversification. In all countries, we found a common
perception that as agriculture provides food and income, it is not only relevant
for nutrition, but potentially sufficient for good nutrition. In three South
Asian countries, nearly two-thirds of interviewees perceived agriculture as
mainly affecting nutrition through the production (and hence increased
availability) of food. Agriculture was also identified as a key source of income
for producers and agricultural workers. The impact of agricultural policies on
prices was highlighted, both for farmers' income as well as for improving
consumers' purchasing power and potentially food consumption. Only 1 in 5 South
Asian respondents mentioned other pathways through which agriculture can impact
nutrition, such as through women's empowerment and/or control over resources. In
India, the persistence of high malnutrition rates - despite economic growth and
investments in the agricultural sector, and the country's achievements in
agricultural production - is finally allowing more space for nutrition in policy
discussions." In Bangladesh, despite the tendency (as reported by several
respondents) to focus primarily on rice and wheat production, the government and
several other organisations have now started to recognise the importance of
diversifying diets and making agriculture more nutrition-sensitive although this
agenda still seems to be driven by development partners. A smaller number of
interviewees emphasised that nutrition is gaining prominence. Women's
empowerment in agriculture was discussed in most countries though to a much
lesser extent than food production. Empowering and targeting women will have an
effect on the nutritional status of children. When women control resources, they
are more likely to use it for family consumption and that will improve the
nutritional outcomes. Apart from income, empowerment was discussed in terms of
promoting adoption of labour-saving technologies and more equitable
labour-sharing. The notion that agriculture as a major employer of poor rural
women (many of whom are mothers of young children) generates other non-food
pathways to nutrition is not commonly understood among, or highlighted by,
stakeholders in both regions. One interviewee in Pakistan suggested that most
aspects of the food system are controlled by men, which is why nutrition does
not receive priority (men understand money; women understand nutrition), and
that agricultural extension systems are heavily dominated by men, compromising
important interactions with women around agriculture and nutrition. Many
respondents discussed income generation being seen as a bona fide pathway to
improved nutrition. At the same time, market orientation was often discussed as
almost an either/or choice with increasing production of nutrient-rich foods.
Agricultural policies were thought to prioritise market access, value addition
and commercialisation of agriculture. Perceptions of the kind of evidence
available and needed fell into two types: experimental research evidence, and
basic data showing evidence of problems. On the research side, some responses
pointed to a desire to identify a universal single mechanism on how agriculture
affects nutrition and to be able to predict percentage point reductions in
stunting from certain actions. This viewpoint, emphasised by health sector
respondents in eastern Africa, is informed by direct interventions that have a
predictable, universal biological effect. There was a desire to disentangle and
identify the effects of food production/diversification, income generation, and
women's empowerment: "We don't know exactly which one affects. Is it the income,
the diversity, the women empowerment or the value chain that affects nutritional
outcomes? We don't have much evidence (NGO representative, Ethiopia)." On the
other hand, many stakeholders recognised context dependence, for example,
calling for production choices based on nutritional deficiencies in a given
area. For filling this gap one may may draw upon evidence from a set of case
studies in South Asia (India, Bangladesh and Pakistan) and eastern Africa
(Ethiopia, Uganda and Kenya). In synthesising results across countries, while
recognising important nuance and detail, the researchers conclude by
highlighting the following four key issues to be addressed: First, it is to
improve knowledge and perception of under-nutrition and its links to agriculture
, on the part of agricultural policymakers and programme managers. Second,
system-wide incentives are to be generated for decisions and actions to become
more pro-nutrition. Third, transparent systems of accountability have to be
developed for nutrition relevant action throughout the agriculture sector,
through linking timely and actionable data and evidence with incentives. And
fourth, leadership and capacities at different levels have to be cultivated and
strengthened, underpinned by adequate financing. Abdul Bayes is a Professor of
Economics at Jahangirnagar University. abdulbayes@yahoo.com abdulbayes@yahoo.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 24, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: Income tax on agriculture

LENGTH: 369  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 24 -- The Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) on Saturday filed with
the Senate Secretariat a draft bill for a constitutional amendment to impose the
income tax on agriculture.

The MQM parliamentary party leader in the Senate, Tahir Hussain Mashhadi,
submitted the draft bill to the Senate Secretariat here. The proposed piece of
legislation is aimed at amending an article of the Constitution to bring the
agriculture income under the tax net.

Explaining the objective of the initiative, the legislator contended that
agriculture income over Rs600,000 should be taxed and this would generate
revenue of Rs200 billion per annum.

However, parliamentary sources claimed that the MQM would find it very
difficult, almost impossible, to convince all political groups having
representation in parliament to support the proposed piece of legislation, as
these were massively influenced by powerful agriculturists.

"The proposed bill is a part of our proposal to help the government generate
revenue instead of burdening the common man with more and more taxes," the MQM
legislator maintained. The lawmaker was of the view that the rich in the
agriculture sector should contribute to the national kitty by paying the income
tax, which would help broaden the tax base.

The MQM has already filed an ambitious land reforms draft bill with parliament,
hoping to get support of all the parliamentary parties, which have landlords and
big agriculturists as its members, having a significant representation in not
only the two-chamber parliament but also provincial legislatures.

"Our legislators are mostly from the lower middle and middle class families that
shows our party believes in empowering the common man instead of looking towards
powerful landlords, industrialists and capitalists," Senator Mashhadi
maintained.

The MQM legislator also filed an adjournment motion with the Senate Secretariat,
seeking suspension of the routine business of the House to debate the issue of
sacking of thousands of KESC employee Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          December 11, 1985 Wednesday

Farm incomes better than figures indicate

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY  OLIVER BERTIN
  The Globe and Mail
   OTTAWA
   Federal economists are expecting 1986 to be a flat year for Canadian
 farmers, with a continuation of the financial crisis that has plagued the
 industry since about 1981.

But a second look shows that the farm income picture is far better than
 the official estimates indicate.

First, farm incomes will be substantially higher across Canada than the
 economists claim.

And a province-by-province breakdown shows that farmers in Ontario can
 expect net incomes to increase by a remarkable 32 per cent. Seven other
 provinces can expect improvements that are several times greater than the
 rate of inflation.

According to rough figures calculated Monday by Wayne Jones, a senior
 economist with the federal Department of Agriculture, farm incomes will
 rise an average 6.5 per cent in 1986.

This compares with the official figure of 1.6 per cent released by
 federal Agriculture Minister John Wise at the Canadian Agricultural
 Outlook Conference in the capital on Monday.

Mr. Jones was partly responsible for the "official" estimates released
 that day.

He revised his figures to reflect a $300-million cash injection into
 the farm economy. This sum appeared on the farm balance sheet - to the
 surprise of the Agriculture Department officials - last Friday when
 Statistics Canada revised its estimate of grain production on the
 Prairies.

The federal agency said the prairie grain crop was substantially better
 than earlier believed.

The surprise announcement sent Mr. Jones and other Agriculture
 Department economists back to their computers during the weekend.

But Mr. Jones said his department did not revise the official estimate
 "because we did not have time" before Monday's conference.

The Government will release the new income estimates early next year
 after they have been approved.

Mr. Jones' new figures indicate that Manitoba incomes will rise a
 healthy 14 per cent, not 7 per cent as the initial figures showed. And the
 decline in Saskatchewan and Alberta will be only half the expected level.

A separate analysis of the original figures shows the danger inherent
 in manipulating statistics.

The federal economists predicted a 1.6 per cent increase in average
 incomes next year. But this simple average hides the true situation.

In fact, eight provinces will do substantially better in 1986 than in
 1985, and two provinces will do substantially worse.

The unfortunate provinces are Saskatchewan and Alberta, where realized
 net incomes are expected to drop 34 per cent and 20 per cent,
 respectively.

These figures do not include the cash injection that resulted from
 Statscan's revision of the crop estimates.

By comparison, farm income in Ontario is expected to rise 32 per cent.
 The other provinces will show increases of 11 to 16 per cent.

These figures will encourage farmers in Central Canada, but George
 Brinkman, an agricultural economist at the University of Guelph, noted
 that, after inflation is taken into account, 1986 incomes will be less
 than 70 per cent as high as those in 1973.

Dr. Brian Perkins, a senior Agriculture Department official, said later
 that prospects for a significant improvement in farm incomes are weak even
 in the medium term.

Canada depends on export markets for more than half its food sales, and
 the world market is depressed by surplus production of many foods and an
 incipient trade war between some countries.

The most immediate farm problem, Dr. Perkins said, is the declining
 ability of farmers to service their debt because they are faced with
 depressed incomes, large debt loads and high interest rates.

The federal Farm Credit Corp. reports that the number of accounts in
 arrears is up 20 per cent this year, and the dollar amount of funds in
 arrears is up 50 per cent.

Farm cash flow has not kept up with the cost of servicing the debt and
 this has caused real crises.

Dr. Perkins said the average farmer must divert 45 per cent of his cash
 flow to service debt. This compares with 22 per cent in 1973.

He added that annual investment has fallen 16 per cent in recent years,
 leading to a substantial depreciation in the value of farm assets and in
 productivity.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            October 20, 2015 Tuesday

NITI Aayog working on agri-land lease law for farm income

BYLINE: Jyotika Sood

LENGTH: 447  words


New Delhi: With increasing incidents of suicide and growing debt among farmers
in the country, government's think tank - NITI Aayog - has found a solution that
can provide regular income for farmers i.e. agriculture land leasing. NITI Aayog
has formed an expert committee that would be working to formulate a model law.

The 10-member committee, headed by former commissioner for Agricultural Costs
and Prices (CACP) and director of Council for Social Development (CSD) Dr T
Haque, would submit its report by December. The committee has also been asked to
suggest amendments to liberalise land leasing for agriculture efficiency,
equity, occupational diversification and rapid rural transformation. It has
already held the first round of talks with chief secretaries of seven states who
are also committee members.

Talking to dna, an official from the NITI Aayog said on condition of anonymity:
"The focus right now is on agriculture land leasing for farming only, but we
could also look at leasing land for industrial purpose. With land acquisition
becoming difficult due to stiff political opposition and farmer resistance, land
leasing could be one of the best ways forward."

"NITI Aayog vice-chairman Arvind Panagariya also thinks so," he says adding that
"Small-scale farming is becoming unviable and with at least leasing farmland,
farmers can get assured income. Since everything would be in black and white, it
would help them to reserve their rights. BJP state governments too seem to like
the idea."

However, committee chairman Dr T Haque, said, "Agriculture land leasing will
help in three ways: improving productivity, will access to credit and crop
insurance to lease holders and better utilisation of land and labour."

With this, farmers can get regular income and the risk would be on the lease
holder. There are various mechanisms to assure that agriculture land is used for
farming only. "There could be a ceiling on the land that a person can take on
lease. It would be a simple model frame work facilitating state governments."
Land being a state subject, it's the prerogative of state governments to decide
on whether to allow leasing agriculture land by farmers or not. At present,
there are wide variations in agriculture land leasing.

Move meant to provide regular income to farmers

NITI Aayog has hit upon an idea that can ensure a regular income to farmers:
agriculture land-leasing. The government's think-tank has formed an expert
committee that would be working to formulate a model agriculture land-leasing
law. "The focus right now is on agriculture land leasing for farming only, but
we could also look at leasing land for industrial purpose," an official said.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Enhanced farm production only way to contain food inflation: Radha Mohan Singh

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 361 words


NEW DELHI: Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said it wouldn't be possible
to contain inflationary tendency in food prices without ensuring enhanced
agricultural production.

"With reduction in the size of land for agriculture due to rapid urbanisation,
India firmly believes that with shrinking resources, enhancement in productivity
and production can only be achieved through research in this sector," Singh
said, addressing a G-20 Agriculture Ministers Meeting in Istanbul, Turkey.

In his speech, the minister focused on issues such as food security, price
volatility, reducing food waste and losses.

Singh urged the Group of 20 nations to take up initiatives to reduce food waste
and losses. "An implementation plan for reducing food waste needs to be in place
for which the concerns of the low-income and developing countries and not alone
of G-20 countries should be kept in view. We should strive for research on
produce storage and handling protocols, scale up investment in agriculture
-linked industry and jointly develop a Centre of Excellence in post-harvest and
market-linked supply chain," he said.

Agriculture and allied sectors in India account for 17.2% of gross domestic
product and 14% of exports. Almost half the population is dependent on
agriculture as the prime source of income. "India, therefore, has to keep the
momentum of growth of agriculture to achieve targeted growth of its economy and
meeting the increasing and diverse demand of food," said Singh.

On various initiatives launched, Singh said the government is committed to
promoting organic farming that improves soil health and leads to better-quality
crops. "From the current financial year, 'Parampragat Krishi Vikas Yojna', a new
scheme to develop organic clusters and make available chemical free inputs to
farmers, will be implemented," he said. The Centre has launched a programme,
Gokul Mission, to improve cattle progeny so as to improve milk yields and income
of farmers. For achieving food and nutrition security and increasing incomes of
fish farmers, the country has also embarked on the path of bringing about a blue
revolution, he added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Addis Fortune

                               February 24, 2015

Urban Agriculture - Worthy, but Not Trendy

BYLINE: Habtamu Lemma

LENGTH: 1109 words


During the past 15 years, studies have shown that urban agriculture should be
recognised as an integral and permanent element of the urban socio-economic and
ecological system. It forms an important part of the livelihood strategies of
large numbers of urban poor.

In many countries, rapid urbanisation is accompanied by increasing urban
poverty, food insecurity and mal-nutrition. As a result, in many cities, the
number of people involved in urban agriculture tends to increase with ongoing
urbanisation, rather than decreasing, as had been previously assumed.

Another factor is the growing urban demand for perishable products, including
vegetables, meat and eggs, coupled with the comparative advantages of production
close to the markets, and the availability of productive resources, including
urban organic wastes, wastewater, and vacant public land.

More than 75pc of the total population growth is located in urban areas, and
between 1990 and 2010, the world urban population has topped rural population,
rising from 42pc to 51pc. It is estimated that, by 2030, urban populations will
be at least twice that of rural populations.

Urbanisation is occurring faster in developing countries. The urban population
has doubled in low-income food deficit countries, in Africa and China, compared
to a 20pc increase in Europe and a 30pc increase in North America. Urbanisation
and urban agglomeration have seen a shift of poverty from rural to urban areas,
often concentrated in squatter and slum areas.

Among the causes of dietary shift in the urbanisation process is the existence
of price differentials compared to rural areas. Urbanisation is important in the
development of modern food systems and the impact of this on diets. Urban people
adopt new eating habits, consuming higher amounts of animal protein, and eating
a higher proportion of their food away from home.

Populations around the world are growing and becoming predominately urban,
fueling the need to re-examine how urban spaces are developed and urban
inhabitants are fed. One remedy that is increasingly being considered as a
solution to inadequate food access in cities is urban agriculture. As a
practice, urban agriculture is beneficial in both post-industrial and developing
cities because it touches on the three pillars of sustainability: economics,
society and the environment.

Historically, as well as currently, economic and food security are two of the
most common reasons for participation in urban agriculture. Urban agriculture
not only provides a source of healthy sustenance that might otherwise be
lacking, it can also contribute to a household's income, offset food
expenditures and create jobs. Social facets are another reason for populations
to engage in urban agriculture.

Urban agriculture plays a significant role in both food and nutrition security
for African urban households, and land availability and urban livestock are
critical factors in enabling it to sustain that role. The nutritional benefits
of urban livestock-keeping outweigh any health risks involved, which can be
managed.

It is established that urban agriculture is a good way to alleviate hunger.
Small, mixed crop-livestock backyard farms appear to be the backbone of cities'
urban farming systems, ensuring food and nutrition security for those households
and, to an extent, the city itself. They also recycle nutrients in the city
ecosystem, reducing waste and pollution, thus contributing to sustainability.

The growth of urbanisation causes serious losses in the availability of
productive agricultural land. However, hundreds of millions of urban dwellers
rely on urban agriculture for part of their food consumption or income as they
sell high-value crops or non-food crops or raise livestock for sale. A range of
studies in urban centres in East Africa during the 1990s showed 17pc to 36pc of
the population growing crops and/or keeping livestock. Studies in Ethiopia,
including Addis Ababa, Adama, Mekele and Hawasa, also showed the great
contribution of urban agriculture to food security, job creation and
environmental protection.

Even though urban agriculture is a viable activity to complement food supplies
from rural areas to towns and is a means of income for many urban poor, its
contribution has been underestimated. Urban and peri-urban agriculture has a
significant role in food and nutrition security in most low-income nations,
although in many cities it is more difficult for the urban poor to get access to
the land needed for agriculture. In this regard, there is a need to incorporate
urban and peri-urban agriculture in national land policy.

This will restrict the loss of agricultural land to urban expansion and promote
more intensive production for land that remains in agriculture. In a way,
therefore, societies that are better able to manage their resources now will be
better able to capture this food and agro related market growth and promote its
development in the future.

Like many developing countries, Ethiopia has a high rate of urbanisation,
averaging about 4.3pc per annum. About 30pc of this population is concentrated
in the capital and primary city, Addis Abeba. This population growth rate is
also accompanied by growing numbers of the urban poor and malnourished, due
primarily to the high rate of unemployment.

The Addis Abeba Master Plan recognizes that urban farming was making a positive
contribution to food security and nutrition. The City's government has
recognised urban agriculture as one of the important tools to end poverty. To
this effect, it has recognized the existence and continuation of urban farming
within and around the City; accepted urban agriculture as an integral component
of the City's Master Plan; and established the Department of Urban Agriculture
at both city and sub-city levels.

However, studies have identified that lack of institutional supports for urban
agriculture; lack of integration of urban agriculture into city land use and
zoning plans; and lack of coordination among the public agencies constrain the
sustained growth and development of urban agriculture.

Governmental recognition of urban agriculture may be a good start, but
streamlining the understanding in urban master plans and national land policies,
and putting in place technical and legal support in relation to land access and
security should also obtain sufficient attention. So should be building the
capacity of urban and peri-urban agriculture offices.

A well-supported urban agriculture can indeed bring considerable benefits,
including food/nutrition security, income/ employment creation and environmental
protection, to expanding urban centers.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           September 3, 2009 Thursday

Planning Commission committed for fast-track agriculture development

LENGTH: 433  words


Chairman Planning Commission of Pakistan, Sardar Aseff Ahmed Ali said on
Wednesday that the Commission was committed to helping fast track development of
agriculture sector on modern lines.

He was speaking at a workshop on Innovative Development Strategies organized by
Pakistan Agriculture Research Council with support from the World Bank and Food
and Agriculture Organization here.

Secretary Ministry of Food and Agriculture, Zia-ur-Rehman was also present on
the occasion. He stressed the need for conducting research to put the
agriculture on the progressive path, saying that the government would provide
all out support and incentives for conducting agriculture research to enhance
productivity and export of agriculture produce.

He said that the government, in the federal budget for 2009-10 had allocated a
huge amount for the development of agriculture sector. He said that the
agriculture sector has been neglected since long and that is why people move
towards urban areas and industrialization instead of investing in agriculture.

He lamented that despite being among top countries producing agriculture yields,
Pakistan's agriculture exports were very low. He said that levying tax on
agriculture sector was totally provincial subject and said that the federal
government should let the provinces collect these revenues.

Speaking on the occasion, Chairman PARC Zafar Altaf said that Pakistan was
lagging behind in agriculture productivity, saying that Chinese farmers have
been producing much more yield from per acre land than farmers in Pakistan.

He stressed the need for formulating longstanding policies, with particular
focus on research to ensure sustainable development of agriculture sector.
Earlier, in her detailed presentation on "The Terms of Trade (ToTs) for
Pakistan's Agriculture and Agriculture Income Tax," Safiya Aftab, an agriculture
expert stressed the need for working on a fair pricing structure for agriculture
products.

She highlighted the issues of agriculture tax and said that some serious
research was needed on imposition of an agriculture income tax while saying that
although agriculture tax would enhance government's revenues but it would not
have poverty inducing effects.

Another expert, Idrees Khawaja said that Public Private Partnership (PPP) has
not delivered due to inadequate research prior to launching the project, heavily
weighted by public sector considerations and ineffective planning.  Khalid Riaz,
another expert from private sector gave a detailed briefing on "An Analysis of
Pakistan's Revealed Comparative Advantage in Agriculture Products."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 28, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Farmers see profits drying up;
 Georgia loses $ 739 million;
 Dry2k: The drought in Georgia

BYLINE: Jingle Davis, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 398 words

The ongoing drought continues to wilt Georgia's farm profits, especially in
rural Mitchell County, where farmers already have suffered an estimated $ 30
million in crop losses so far this year --- more than anywhere else in the
state.

Farmers statewide are in the hole $ 739 million, University of Georgia economic
experts estimate in a new report. They looked at damage to nine summer crops ---
cotton, corn, hay, tobacco, peanuts, pastures, pecans, silage and soybeans ---
grown mostly in South Georgia counties like Mitchell.

"Our number one crop is cotton, and that will have the greatest economic impact,
even though we will produce some cotton this year," said Rad Yager, the Mitchell
County extension agent. "But our dry-land corn is a disaster."

Every aspect of agriculture, including fruits, vegetables and ornamentals, has
suffered this year, said John C. McKissick, one of the UGA agricultural
economists who wrote the report.

"This year, because we had drought from the very beginning of the growing
season, you're starting from a loss right off the bat," he said. "We lost so
much of the crops because farmers planted and nothing came up. Or it came up,
but was very spotty."

Other recent droughts struck in the middle or at the end of the growing season,
McKissick said, when farmers could recover better.

The estimates were based on emergency declaration surveys the U.S. Department of
Agriculture used to designate all of Georgia's 159 counties as disaster areas.

Other counties where major losses are projected include Early County, $ 20. 22
million; Sumter County, $ 20.17 million; Colquitt County, $ 19.06 million; and
Dooly County, $ 16.48 million.

In Mitchell, a county of about 21,000 residents where agriculture is the
economic mainstay, farm income usually tops $ 160 million annually, Yager said.
"So this year, we have a projected loss of almost 20 percent of our gross
income," he said.

After three straight years of drought, Yager said, some farmers in his county
have decided to retire early or switch occupations. But most are hanging on.
"These last three years haven't been profitable, but farmers are just eternally
optimistic," he said. "It's just in their nature to have faith that the land
will bring them a profit."

> ON THE WEB: "Estimating Drought 2000's Cost on Georgia's Agriculture and Rural
Economy" www.agecon.uga.edu

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Corn is harvested Thursday on a farm in Baker County, near Albany, but many
farmers are looking at barren fields this year. Every aspect of agriculture is
suffering from the drought, and farm families are facing huge losses, experts
say. / BRAD HAIRE / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Strahl facing lots of problems

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Farming; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 655  words


To understand the challenges ahead, newly minted Agriculture Minister Chuck
Strahl needs to look no further than the new farm-income forecasts released this
week by his own department.

Posted with no fanfare or advance notice on the federal Agriculture Department's
Web site, the numbers are sobering, even for an industry that has become
accustomed to dropping returns.

Nationally, realized net farm income averaged almost $2.3 billion a year from
2000 to 2004. In 2005, realized net income dipped to $1.9 billion despite record
high farm-program payments of $4.9 billion.

For 2006, economists and statisticians expect farm-support payments from
government will decline to about $4.2 billion, still the fourth-highest on
record. The reduction is due mainly to the termination of special assistance
programs for the cattle industry as BSE problems diminish.

Realized net income is expected to drop much more dramatically, due mainly to
increasing operating expenses.

Nationally, realized net income is forecast at only $875 million for 2006, a
drop of 54 per cent from last year and a drop of 62 per cent from the previous
five-year average.

The picture varies from province to province, depending upon the type of
agriculture.

In Strahl's home province of British Columbia, realized net farm income for 2006
is projected to be $233 million, about on par with last year and a whopping 54
per cent above the 2000-2004 average.

Strahl's Fraser Valley constituency is dominated by dairy and poultry operations
where income levels are relatively stable.

Although he has no farm background, Strahl will no doubt appreciate the value of
supply management in maintaining the financial health of that sector.

In Quebec, where supply management is even more dominant, 2006 realized net
income is forecast at $655 million. That's down from 2005, but above the
average.

Things aren't so rosy in Ontario. Realized net income for 2006 is projected to
droop to $117 million, more than 60 per cent below average. Alberta is also well
below average at $247 million.

The forecast drops into negative territory in P.E.I. (-$17 million), Manitoba
(-$195 million) and Saskatchewan (-$203 million). Program payments are projected
to total over half a billion in Manitoba and over one-billion dollars in
Saskatchewan this year, and yet it won't be enough to bring producers up to
break even.

Strahl's first official function as agriculture minister was to provide payment
details for the previously announced $755 million that will flow to grain and
oilseed producers across the country.

The payment was set to go out at the end of January and then a decision was made
to increase the first instalment from the program so that producers get more
money sooner.

The payment is based on net average grain sales from 2000 to 2004. The payment
factor for the first instalment was going to be 5.81 per cent.

That has been increased to 7.47 per cent.

A producer with $100,000 in net average grain sales will receive $7,470.

While increasing the payment level is a good idea, it does create some potential
problems.

There's more danger that the program will go over its $755-million spending cap.

Alternatively, there may be such a tiny amount to distribute in a final payment
that the cheques this fall may look like a joke.

The dismal farm-income forecasts have already factored in the $755 million.

One of the Conservative Party's election promises was an additional $500 million
a year for farm safety nets.

Trouble is, it would take an additional billion dollars just to get Canadian
farm income back to the level of 2005, a level that everyone agrees was
inadequate.

Strahl will be besieged by farm groups providing advice.

Often that advice will be contradictory.

However, if he can find ways to improve the incomes within primary agriculture,
he'll have a lot of supporters.

- Kevin Hursh is a consulting agrologist and farmer based in Saskatoon. He can
be reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Economic Times (E-Paper Edition)

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday
                                Kolkata Edition

Agri Department has a Roadmap for New Govt

BYLINE: MADHVI SALLY NEW DELHI

SECTION: COMMODITIES

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: Stresses on food security,sustainability & increase in farm income in
coming yrs


Unshackle the markets by promoting pledge finance or removing trade barriers is
what the agriculture department is said to have pointed in a presentation to the
Cabinet Secretary on Wednesday.The presentation which was made in a run up to
the government formation next week also pointed that low cost credit to
farmers,direct cash transfers,expansion of irrigation reach and addressing soil
fertility was the way forward for the Indian farmer.Giving a broad line on the
agriculture department achievement since the past five years and how it looks to
move ahead,Agriculture secretary Ashish Bahuguna is said to have slated that the
aim of the department was to ensure food security,sustainability and see an
increase in farm income in the coming years.The major shortcomings according to
the departments' presentation remained undue focus on fine cereals,restrictive
markets,large yield gap and limited research and development breakthrough.Trade
restriction,unviable size of land holding and over dependence on agriculture
were also the key issues which had not been addressed by an iron fist.In the
presentation,the agriculture department has said that it was time to address
issues on land consolidation,repeal of land ceiling and economics of leasing or
contract farming.Apart from it revisiting the Agriculture Produce Marketing
Committee Act which regulates the mandis in the country and projecting
agriculture through end-to-end value chains with the help of aggregators were
others proposals to liberate the current market.Official's privy to the
presentation told ETthat it was felt that direct cash transfer on unit area
basis instead of fertiliser subsidy should be implemented to address soil
fertility issue.Further,farmers could be given incentive for adoption of
resource conservation technology.With over two third of the 44 million hectare
arable land rain fed in the country,Bahuguna in his presentation highlighted
that increasing irrigation coverage and water use efficiently was required.A
shift to direct cash transfer on unit area basis and promoting pulses and
perishable in public distribution schemes and mid days meals was also imperative
to ensure remunerative prices to farmers.Bearing the maximum risk of poor
weather and volatile markets,introduction of innovative insurance products on
optional basis and improving and increasing risk cover for farmers could be able
to mitigate or reduce risk for farmers felt the department.Even with major
achievements of ensuring self-sufficiency in food grain production,the
agriculture department is slated to have said that the major failure was that
the country had one of the highest malnutrition problem in the world.The farm
incomes were still far below nonfarm income and high prices especially for
perishable items remained.For a Better Harvest AGRI DEPARTMENT said major
shortcomings were undue focus on fine cereals,restrictive markets,large yield
gap & limited R&D breakthrough DEPARTMENT SAID it is time to address issues on
land consolidation,repeal of land ceiling and economics of leasing or contract
farming IT IS felt that direct cash transfer on unit area basis instead of
fertiliser subsidy should be implemented to address soil fertility issue THE
FARM incomes were still far below non-farm income and high prices especially for
perishable items remained

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                          September 25, 2010 Saturday

MPs not paying agriculture tax'

LENGTH: 229  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The members of the Senate, National Assembly and the Provincial Assemblies
earning substantial agriculture income are not paying a single penny in the
national exchequer in the shape of their personal taxation since assessment year
2000-01 when the tax was converted from land-based to income-based.  This was
stated by Pakistani UK national solicitor Shahid Jami while addressing a press
conference at Lahore Press Club on Friday. He lamented after the recent floods
the government is contemplating levying further taxes to increase the resources
for rehabilitation of flood hit areas and population and the burden of taxation
would be borne by the common men. He alleged influential civil-military
bureaucrats, politicians and greedy businessmen are not paying while the all the
burden is being put on the poor masses. There is dire need to review the
agriculture income tax and imposed it properly to generate resources. All the
four provinces have enacted agricultural income tax laws and from assessment
year 2000-01 the agriculture income tax has been made income based instead of
earlier mode of land based. However, none of the provincial government is either
enforcing the levy and collection of income based agricultural income tax or the
big landlords mostly sitting in the assemblies are voluntarily paying the same
by filing their agriculture income tax returns.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 2, 1985, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

3 PER CENT INCREASE IN FOOD PRICES IS FORECAST

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 248 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - There was good news for grocery shoppers this week from the
Agriculture Department, which said food price increases will stay close to 3 per
cent this year.

But the news for farmers at a quarterly agriculture outlook briefing was far
from rosy.

Net farm income for 1985 is expected to remain in the $3.6-billion range, down
15 per cent from last year. Net farm income in 1986 may fall below $3 billion.

Healthy supplies of pork and chicken will keep meat prices down and there will
be plenty of big turkeys for Thanksgiving and Christmas, the department said.

Apples will be abundant, as will storable vegetables like carrots, potatoes,
tomatoes and onions. There will be small increases in dairy product prices.

Agriculture Department officials said farmers' cash receipts were down by 2 per
cent this year while their operating costs were still rising.

While federal and provincial relief programs will take some of the sting out of
losses caused by this summer's Prairie drought, the shortages of grain will cut
into farm income more sharply next year.

The drought is expected to cut $1.1 billion from the value of the Prairie grain
crop while damp weather, which has delayed harvesting in northern Saskatchewan
and Manitoba, could further reduce farm income.

The drought, plus lower world grain prices, will shave Canada's agricultural
trade surplus to $2.2 billion in 1985 from $4 billion for the past three years.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Farm income may be worse

BYLINE: Angela Hall, The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 655  words


A new forecast suggests Sask-atchewan farmers are set to reap the worst net farm
income in the country in 2005.

Low world grain and oilseed prices and rising costs for fertilizer, machinery
and fuel could contribute to a realized net farm income in Saskatchewan of
negative $486 million, lower than the negative $166 million currently forecast
for 2004, according to the report released Thursday by Agriculture Canada.

Crop receipts will also suffer in 2005 due to a severe summer frost in
Saskatchewan and Manitoba that downgraded quality.

"It's safe to say that the situation in Saskatchewan in 2005 is pretty
difficult," said Rodney Myer, head of Agriculture Canada's crop unit, farm
income and program analysis, though he couldn't say this is the worst outlook
the province has recorded.

Saskatchewan farmers and producer groups have been warning for months that farm
finances are dire, with a handful of rural municipalities declaring themselves
economic disasters late last year.

Terry Hildebrandt, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan, said the bleak numbers point to the need for a cash injection to
ensure farmers get another crop in the ground, as well as for a long-term shift
to "strategic spending" on agriculture that will encourage production.

"There's several -- that I know of -- good, still stable (farm) operations just
throwing up an auction sale and getting out while they can," he said.

"I've got guys phoning me that have farmed 35 years, 40 years that are
re-mortgaging the farm to pay their input costs back."

Meanwhile, realized net income -- which includes depreciation -- is forecast to
improve in Alberta to almost $1.15 billion in 2005, attributed in part to the
anticipated start of a recovery in the cattle industry.

Livestock receipts are predicted to increase 12 per cent nationally in 2005, a
response to the planned reopening of the U.S. border to some live Canadian
cattle in March.

"We expect exports will re-establish slowly for the first few months and will
pick up in the second half of the year," said Myer.

The forecast was made before the U.S. Department of Agriculture decided not to
accept beef from older cattle next month. Myer said that should not change the
figures substantially but prices for older cattle will remain low.

Nationally, realized net farm income is predicted to improve by in 2004 to $1.6
billion, from negative $28 million in 2003. The forecast suggests realized net
income will decline in 2005 $1.05 billion.

A major contributor to the improvement in income for 2004 is that government
program payments are expected to reach a new record of $4.9 billion, said Myer.
Program payments are forecast to decline to $4 billion in 2005, which would
still the third-highest on record.

Hal Cushon, an assistant deputy minister of Saskatchewan Agriculture, said the
figures should fuel the province's argument that changes need to be made to the
Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, a national farm safety net.
Both the NDP and opposition Saskatchewan Party are arguing that the deposit
farmers are required to make to participate in the program should be dropped.

Cushon said the provinces are also anticipating a report from Wayne Easter,
parliamentary secretary for Agriculture Canada, who consulted with farmers last
month about the farm income crisis.

Stewart Wells, president of the National Farmers Union and a Saskatchewan
farmer, said his organization has long been warning governments of declining net
farm incomes.

"There's never been so much money in the food supply system and there's never
been so little of it getting back to the farm."

Agriculture Canada cautioned that the forecast was prepared assuming an average
exchange rate of 80 cents US for 2005. It also assumes the border will reopen to
younger live cattle in March, and that the current duty on Canadian hogs
exported to the U.S. will remain in place throughout 2005.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Niagara This Week

                           October 14, 2010 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

RURAL MATTERS: Growing concern

BYLINE: Bette Jean Crews, Ontario Federation of Agriculture

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 433  words


Did you know Ontario's agriculture sector supports 164,000 jobs with over $7
billion in wages and salaries? A full $3.4 billion in government tax revenues
are collected as a result of the economic activity generated by the farm output
sector. This helps pay for health care, schools and infrastructure. Farm outputs
contributed $22 billion in gross economic stimulus to Ontario in 2009.

Unfortunately, those impressive numbers - and the related impact on the
provincial GDP - are in jeopardy.

The Ontario Agriculture Sustainability Coalition commissioned a survey called
the Economic Contribution of the Ontario Farm Sector and Economic Impact of a
Reduction in Farm Income. The study determined the economic contribution of
Ontario's farm sector and the impact of a reduction in farm income, while
focusing on the connection between farming and Ontario's GDP.

Net farm income in Ontario slid from $287 million on average from 2004 to 2008,
to negative $50 million in 2009. This resulted in 4,000 jobs lost in the
short-term. Long-term implications are much more severe. OASC is developing
practical solutions to manage farm income fluctuation to avoid these impacts on
Ontario's economy.

One message that OASC has been strongly advocating rang clear throughout the
findings in the study: agriculture matters to the province of Ontario, and it's
time to get serious about the future of farming.

Governments rely on a healthy farming sector for tax revenue. The decrease in
net farm income in 2009 resulted in a tax revenue loss of $82 million. The
outlook for 2010 is even worse: a farm income loss of $500 million is projected,
which will negatively impact Ontario's GDP by $3 billion in the long term, along
with a $450 million decrease in tax revenues. While this study does contain a
lot of data, the bottom line is that agriculture is big business that Ontario
cannot afford to lose.

Through OASC, Ontario farms have expressed concern about the financial health
and stability of the farm sector as well as our future ability to grow our food
locally while contributing to the economic well-being of the province.

The Ontario agriculture sector is in need of critical investment programming to
not only maintain jobs across the province, but to adequately support Ontario's
economy. The Ontario Federation of Agriculture is working with OASC to implement
risk management programs that will assist in maintaining a viable farm sector.
It's time to implement real solutions in collaboration with our federal and
provincial governments to drive the economy and contribute to a successful
future for farming.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                          November 10, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Net farm income sets U.S. record

BYLINE: ART HOVEY, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 755 words


In Nebraska, officials expect the numbers to improve by 15%.

The news arrives with enough force to blow off the barn doors.

Net farm income will rise 25 percent to $73.7 billion and set a new record
nationally in 2004, the U.S. Department of Agriculture predicted Tuesday.

Although no state-by-state numbers are available from USDA's Economic Research
Service, Bruce Johnson expects Nebraska's net farm income to improve by as much
as 15 percent and to better its previous, 1996 record by as much as $300
million.

Johnson, an agricultural economist at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, said
the raw economic power of 2004 looms even larger when analysts stop to consider
the back-to-back implications. Last year had ranked just behind 1996 in net farm
income in the state.

"What we've seen is two years that have come together that are absolutely off
the chart," Johnson said.

Timely rains falling on most of the state's corn and soybean fields, strong
demand for beef throughout the year, rising prices for pork, a weak dollar to
stimulate exports - the agricultural economic news is good almost without
exception.

According to USDA, this is only the fourth time that both crop and livestock
values have increased at the same time since 1990.

As a two-year spike, the values could rise as much as $50.1 billion by the end
of 2004. Nationally, that represents two record-setting years in a row for net
farm income.

Back at the state level, "it just totally shot up, and it was both because of
crops and livestock in 2003," Johnson said. "And now, along comes 2004, and it's
up even higher."

As recently as 2002, net farm income in a state plagued by drought was at $567
million. Johnson's sights are set as high as $3.7 billion this year.

The vitality of the agricultural marketplace is underscored by the fact that
2004 payments to Nebraska farmers from the federal government will probably
range from $500 million to $650 million, he said.

That's down substantially from the billion-dollar totals that marked times of
weaker grain prices earlier in the decade.

Viewed from still another perspective, Nebraska trailed only California and
Texas in total net farm income in 2003. And agricultural income accounted for
5.9 percent of all state personal income, Johnson said.

That compares to less than 1 percent in California and Texas, and suggests that
agriculture pumps far more energy into the overall economy here than elsewhere.

Johnson said net farm income could account for as much as 7.5 percent of all
personal income in Nebraska this year.

State Agriculture Director Merlyn Carlson said drought circumstances and
depleted reservoirs in western Nebraska might be the only dark spots in an
otherwise bright picture."I would say that maybe this year has been the best
year for many," Carlson said, "but it's been the worst year for some."

In the west, "they did not have the early rains and they did not have the
opportunity for irrigation water," Carlson added.

With that said, he still sees a ripple effect coming for Main Street "and
hopefully, it will help in tax revenue."

He was not surprised to hear about muscular performances from both grain and
livestock. "We're driven by demand from both sides. Demand has been unparalleled
for meats even after the BSE (mad-cow disease) scare."

Food, feed and industrial uses for corn and soybeans are also surging, Carlson
said.

Tina Barrett, Lincoln-based executive director of the Nebraska Farm Business
Association, said members of that record-keeping organization are probably also
looking at record performances in many cases.

She cited "a ton of people who are saying these are the best yields they've ever
raised. And we had excellent prices this spring."Many producers in her group
locked in those better prices before they gave way to big forecasts for 2004
bushels, she said.

Ag economist Johnson said farmers and ranchers will probably pass on some of
their good fortune to the retail sector. But they'll be realistic at the same
time.

"Yes, they will do some replacements of key inputs in a year like this. And
delayed buying decisions, they may go ahead and purchase. But they're not going
to go crazy. They're not going to run to the malls and buy out everything."

That's because they're not going to forget how recently they were living much
closer to the line that separates poverty and prosperity.

"These kinds of years have to come along once in a while," Johnson said of the
current abundance, "or we'd really get discouraged."

Reach Art Hovey at (402) 523-4949 or ahovey@alltel.net.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: color graph of value of farm sector production, SHEILA STORY Lincoln
Journal Star, Source: Economic Research Service/USDA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           September 10, 2012 Monday

Agrarian development

BYLINE: Kamarul Yunus

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 660 words


THE agriculture sector remains the mainstay of our economy, making up 12 per
cent of the country's Gross Domestic Product.

Its contributions since the 1970s may have seen a decline, with the labour force
engaged in the sector decreasing from about one-half of total workers to less
than one-eighth at present. But agriculture is still a major focus of
development plans.

Efforts are underway to transform agriculture into a modern, dynamic and
competitive sector, providing employment, raising rural incomes and ensuring
national security.

Testimony to this effort is the inclusion of the sector as part of the National
Key Economic Areas (NKEA) under the Government's Economic Transformation
Programme (ETP), initiated since 2010.

Rice production, which has gone through the so-called Green Revolution of the
1960s and 1970s, has declined steadily during the second half of the 20th
Century. One main reason is the loss of farm labour to urban manufacturing jobs.

Consequently, the government has taken measures to raise our self-sufficiency in
rice, largely by implementing programmes to consolidate smallholdings and to
increase labour productivity through group farming schemes.

The Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-based Industry has been entrusted with the
responsibility of developing the agro-food sector as a competitive entity and a
significant contributor to national income.

Established since 1951 under several forms and names, the Ministry's vision is
to be at the forefront in agriculture transformation, in line with the National
Agriculture Plan.

Excluding industrial crops such as palm oil and rubber, the agriculture sector
contributed RM20.2 billion or about four per cent of our gross national income
(GNI) in 2009, with a compounded annual growth rate between 2005 and 2009 of
10.7 per cent.

The growing global demand for agricultural products, which include livestock and
aquaculture, provides great potential to expand the sector's contribution to GNI
and elevate rural incomes.

Focus will be given to potential subsectors that can propel Malaysia to compete
internationally.

In this regard, 16 entry point projects and 11 business opportunities have been
identified to be developed. These are expected to generate a gross national
income of RM21.44 billion and provide 74,600 jobs, mainly in rural areas by
2020.

For palm oil and rubber, eight entry point projects have been identified for
immediate development: 1. Accelerate the replanting of oil palm 2. Improve fresh
fruit bunch yield 3. Improve workers' productivity in plantations and estates 4.
Increase oil extraction 5. Developing biogas facilities at palm oil mills 6.
Developing oleo derivatives 7. Commercialise second generation biofuels and 8.
Expedite growth of food and health-based downstream segments.

Palm oil currently accounts for RM53 billion in gross national income which is
expected to reach RM178 billion by 2020. In achieving this, an additional 41,000
jobs will be created, of which 40 per cent will be high-skilled jobs earning
average monthly incomes of RM6,000.

In the private sector, Sime Darby Group (through its subsidiary Sime Darby
Plantation) is one of the leading Malaysian companies that is participating
aggressively in the country's agriculture sector, mainly in the palm oil
industry.

Sime Darby Plantation is one of the world's largest listed palm oil companies,
producing about 2.4 million tonnes or six per cent of the world's crude palm oil
output annually.

It has a total planted area of more than 682,616ha in Malaysia and Indonesia, of
which 519,620ha are planted with oil palm. It also has a total of 200 estates
and 64 oil mills in both countries.

Its business is present in 15 countries, encompassing the manufacture and
distribution of oils and fats products to biodiesels, oleochemicals, and
nutraceuticals.

Sime Darby Plantation also produces and markets a range of fast-moving consumer
goods, including cooking oil, juices and cooking sauces.

( END )

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Malaysian. Together.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 30, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LARGER CROPS CREDITED IN FARM INCOME BOOST

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 294 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Cash receipts from larger crops this year are boosting net
farm income more sharply than had been expected, the Agriculture Department said
Tuesday.  The department's Economic Research Service said that nationally, net
farm income could rise more than 10 percent this year to between $48 billion and
$53 billion, $1 billion more than forecast in July. Last year's net income was
around $44 billion, and the record was $47 billion in 1987.  Economists said
cash receipts from the sale of crops and livestock are expected to rise $2
billion to $10 billion this year, more than offsetting a decline in direct
government payments to farmers. Total expenses are likely to go up 3 percent to
6 percent, largely because of more land being brought into crop production.  As
used by the agency, net farm income includes the value of agricultural
production whether sold or stored on the farm, and allowances for family
dwellings and other adjustments, minus total operating expenses.  In another
method of accounting, the report said this year's net cash income ''could fall
from last year's record $60 billion.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Govt should focus on developing a equitable tax system: ICCI

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 124

LENGTH: 339  words


Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI) has stressed that government
should focus on developing a fair and equitable tax system bring agricultural
sector into the tax net in the forthcoming budget.

According to press release Sheikh Pervez Ahmed, Acting President of ICCI said
that this sector was contributing over one-fifth to the domestic output but was
generating less than 0.1% of the total tax revenue due to which country's
revenue and fiscal deficits were on the rise and Pakistan's tax revenue
collection was one of the lowest in the region.

He said agriculture sector was playing a major role in generating business  and
economic activities and providing jobs to majority of rural population, but was
paying negligible amount to the tax revenue which was not justified.

He said after the 18thconstitutional amendment, agriculture sector was devolved
to the provinces and provincial governments were expected to take strong
measures to bring agriculture income into the tax net.

However, the unwillingness of the provinces to tax agriculture income has made
the country dependent on foreign borrowings, which would jeopardize the future
of our coming generations.

He said the current government enjoyed two third majorities in the parliament
and was in a good position to enact laws to bring agriculture income into the
tax net.

Sheikh Pervez Ahmed said that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country.

He said instead of generating more revenue for the country, the prevailing tax
system was stifling the economic growth, promoting inefficiency and widening the
gap between the rich and the poor.

He said government should also simplify the current complex tax system, lower
tax rates and levy tax on agriculture income that would help in generating
trillions of rupees as tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Messenger

                              May 3, 2016 Tuesday

Govt should focus on developing a equitable tax system: ICCI

SECTION: Vol. 08 No. 124

LENGTH: 339  words


Islamabad Chamber of Commerce and Industry (ICCI) has stressed that government
should focus on developing a fair and equitable tax system bring agricultural
sector into the tax net in the forthcoming budget.

According to press release Sheikh Pervez Ahmed, Acting President of ICCI said
that this sector was contributing over one-fifth to the domestic output but was
generating less than 0.1% of the total tax revenue due to which country's
revenue and fiscal deficits were on the rise and Pakistan's tax revenue
collection was one of the lowest in the region.

He said agriculture sector was playing a major role in generating business  and
economic activities and providing jobs to majority of rural population, but was
paying negligible amount to the tax revenue which was not justified.

He said after the 18thconstitutional amendment, agriculture sector was devolved
to the provinces and provincial governments were expected to take strong
measures to bring agriculture income into the tax net.

However, the unwillingness of the provinces to tax agriculture income has made
the country dependent on foreign borrowings, which would jeopardize the future
of our coming generations.

He said the current government enjoyed two third majorities in the parliament
and was in a good position to enact laws to bring agriculture income into the
tax net.

Sheikh Pervez Ahmed said that the current taxation system was unfair and
inequitable as it heavily taxed the industrial sector whereas the services and
agriculture sectors were enjoying many tax exemptions despite the fact that they
were making significant contribution to the GDP of the country.

He said instead of generating more revenue for the country, the prevailing tax
system was stifling the economic growth, promoting inefficiency and widening the
gap between the rich and the poor.

He said government should also simplify the current complex tax system, lower
tax rates and levy tax on agriculture income that would help in generating
trillions of rupees as tax revenue for the country.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 The Messenger
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

Government plans to increase potato, rice production

BYLINE: Martin Ssebuyira -1

LENGTH: 362  words


Currently, agriculture is growing at a rate of 2.9 per cent compared to the
population growth of 3.2 per cent thereby posing challenges of food insecurity
and low income to farmers

"Currently, agriculture is growing at a rate of 2.9 per cent compared to the
population growth of 3.2 per cent thereby posing challenges of food insecurity
and low income to farmers," Tress Buchanayandi, Minister of Agriculture, noted
at the launching of an action plan to intensify the production of rice and Irish
potatoes.

NecessaryGovernment has identified the two crops as those that can contribute to
improved household incomes, livelihoods, food and nutrition.

He said the two have become both food and cash crops thus the need to intensify
their production.

"This necessitates a plan to intensify those foods that do not pose food
insecurity challenges and can earn a farmer reasonable income," the minister
added.

Strengthen capacityThis was in a speech read for him by the state minister, Prof
Zerubabel Nyiira.

This will be done through capacity strengthening relevant institutions and
policy processes.

The minister revealed that government had signed a $5m (Shs12.5b) contract to
kick-start the project, which is called Policy Action for Sustainable
Intensification of Ugandan Cropping Systems (Pasic).

It will strengthen the capacity for agricultural intensification in two zones:
the south western highlands for Irish potatoes, and the Lake Kyoga plains in
eastern Uganda for rice.

"Population pressure is high, farm sizes are small (less than two hectares), and
the options to put new land into production are rather limited, which makes
traditional farming no longer sustainable," he added.

About the projectThe four-year project will be managed by International
Institute of Tropical Agriculture (IITA), in searching for solutions for hunger,
malnutrition, and poverty.It will work in partnership with Ministry of
Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries, as the lead agency guiding public
agricultural development efforts in the country; the Economic Policy Research
Centre (EPRC), the leading policy think-tank in Uganda, and the International
Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI).

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                 Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.Syndigate.info
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                   January 25, 1999 Monday NATIONAL EDITIONS

Agriculture Canada foresaw farm income crisis

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C02, Agriculture

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Notes prepared for a new agriculture minister in 1997 predicted the current farm

 income crisis. A copy of a briefing book for Lyle Vanclief, obtained through
the Access to Information Act, said: 'There is a high probability of reduced
farm incomes over the next couple of years and pressure being put on to upgrade
safety net funding.'  That warning is buried among 500 pages of reports and
briefing memos compiled by Agriculture Department officials to bring their new
boss up to speed on issues left unresolved by his predecessor, Ralph Goodale,
before the 1997 general election. The forecasters at Agriculture Canada were
close to the mark. Farm income is expected to drop 20% in 1998, to about $2.7
billion, from the $3.2 billion the country's approximately 276,000 farmers made
in 1997. Now a potential $1.5-billion, short-term aid package is a month away
from being completed. Farmers and political foes say that money is long overdue
- especially since the minister was aware of a looming cash crunch from the
moment he took the job.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business; Brief

                    Copyright 1999 Financial Post DataGroup,
                    A division of The National Post Company
                              All rights reserved.


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2016 Mergent, Inc., All Rights Reserved
                       Mergent Private Chinese Companies

                                December 2, 2016

            NANJING AGRICULTURE MECHANIZATION INSTITUTE, MINISTRY OF
                                  AGRICULTURE


                           NANJING,  Jiang Su 210014

ADDRESS:
100, LIUYING, NANJING, JIANGSU, P.R.CHINA

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (25) 84346001
FAX: (25) 84432672

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

EMPLOYEES:  0
FEMALE EMPLOYEES:  0
ENGINEERS:  0
ANNUAL AVERAGE NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES:  0

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
DIRECTORS:

     ·    Yi Zhongyi, Director


* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
NANJING AGRICULTURE MECHANIZATION INSTITUTE, MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE was
established in JIANGSU. It was registered as a State-Run. Main products include:
Rice transplanter; Combine harvester; Combined dri.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
SIC CODES:
3523 - Farm machinery and equipment

PRODUCT NAME:  Combine harvester
Combined dri
Rice transplanter

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2005

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *



                               ASSETS/LIABILITIES



                    Thousands of CNY (Chinese Yuan Renminbi)

Account Payable                                      0
Account Receivable                                   0
Accumulated Depreciation                             0
Average Amount of Current Assets                     0
Collective Capital                                   0
Construction                                         0
Corporation Capital                                  0
Current Assets Total                                 0
Current Liabilities                                  0
Current Year Depreciation                            0
Fixed Assets Total                                   0
Foreign Capital                                      0
Intangible Assets                                    0
Inventory                                            0
Long-term Investment                                 0
Net Book Value of Fixed Assets                       0
Owners Equity                                        0
Paid up Capital                                      0
Property                                             0
Property Insurance                                   0
Reg Capital                                          0
Short-term Investment                                0
State Capital                                        0
Total Assets                                         0
Total Liabilities                                    0
Total Long-term Liabilities                          0

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *



                                INCOME/EXPENSES



                    Thousands of CNY (Chinese Yuan Renminbi)

Advertising expenses                                 0
Corporate Tax payable                                0
Cost of Fixed Assets                                 0
Cost of Fixed Assets used for                        0
operations
Cost of sales                                        0
Export Sales                                         0
Finance Charges                                      0
Finished Goods                                       0
Foreign Earnings                                     0
Gross Profit                                         0
HK/Macau/Taiwan Capital                              0
Interest Expenses                                    0
Investment Income                                    0
Labor Insurance                                      0
Management expenses                                  0
Net income from other businesses                     0
Net Loss                                             0
Net profit before Tax                                0
Office expenses                                      0
Operating Income                                     0
Operating Profit                                     0
Other business revenues                              0
Other Incomes                                        0
Purchase VAT                                         0
Research and Development                             0
Retirement and Medical Insurance                     0
Salary payment for core business                     0
Sales tax and additions                              0
Sales Value                                          0
Sales VAT                                            0
Sales/Revenue                                        0
Social Welfare contribution for core                 0
business
Staff training and education                         0
Tax                                                  0
Total Profit/Loss                                    0
Total Revenue for the year                           0
Total Salary for the year                            0
Total Social Welfare Contribution                    0
Value Added Tax                                      0
Value of New Products                                0
Wholesale Retail                                     0

CROSS REFERENCE: NANJING AGRICULTURE MECHANIZATION INSTITUTE

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 26, 1990, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

WESTERN FARMS FACE GRIM YEAR: Drastic drops in income forecast

BYLINE: Johanna Powell

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 612 words


  Canadian farmers face their worst year in two decades as they head into the
1990 spring planting season.

High interest rates, low commodity prices and international challenges to
Canada's supply management programs are forcing farmers off their land or into
debt.

The economic malaise comes while government support programs are being
eliminated and grain prices are considered artificially low, the result of a
subsidy war between the U.S. and the European Community.

The situation is ''the grimmest since 1969-70,'' according to University of
Saskatchewan agricultural economist Jim Leibfried.

Agriculture Canada is forecasting net farm income in Saskatchewan will drop by
85.4% this year to $177.2 million. It foresees net income drops of 78.1% in
Manitoba and 65.9% in Alberta. Across Canada, net income is expected to fall by
42.9% in 1990.

''It's economic war against our people,'' Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine
said.

UNFAVORABLE WEATHER

''When you have those kinds of prices and you have 14 or 15% interest rates, and
you back that up with some weather conditions that have not been favorable,
you've got yourself a severe population loss, towns and villages dying, farmers
and businesses leaving.''

At least 25% of Saskatchewan's 67,000 farmers are in financial trouble and the
province leads the country in farm bankruptcies, the Farm Land Security Board
estimates.

Western Canada's farmers are recovering from two consecutive years of drought.
There are still some areas of the Prairies where soil moisture levels are low
and drought remains a threat.

And this past week, the Soviet Union announced it had signed a US$1-billion
(C$1.18-billion) grain deal with the U.S. However, Canadian Wheat Board
officials said they were confident the deal will not affect a hoped-for Canadian
grain deal with the Soviets.

Devine puts the blame for the decline squarely on U.S. and European governments
for subsidizing their farmers. For example, he says Europeans are paid $700 a
metric ton for wheat while Canadian farmers only receive $150.

''You can't give up on rural Canada,'' said Devine, who is meeting with Canadian
bankers for help. He wants the banking industry to help persuade foreign
countries to stop the subsidies.

''They're hurting the food industry and the agricultural industry. And all our
investments from Canadian financial institutions in rural Canada are hurt
because of the cheating going on in Europe,'' Devine said.

He said Canada must also get an agreement at the General Agreement on Tariffs &
Trade talks in Geneva so that ''the Americans and, particularly, the Europeans''
will stop subsidies.

David Thomson, chairman of the agriculture committee of the Canadian Bankers'
Association, said there is no easy made-in-Canada solution for the international
trade war problem but committee members plan to travel to Saskatchewan to hear
from interest groups.

Federal Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowski has responded to the problems with
a review of the country's entire agriculture-food business. But Mazankowski
admits long-term solutions that are being examined by a series of task forces
cannot address the problems in time for spring planting.

Mazankowski will meet his provincial agriculture counterparts March 30 to work
on an emergency farm aid program. The program could be announced before the
middle of April.

Agriculture Canada is also predicting net income drops of 13.1% for Ontario and
7.7% for Quebec. Only the four Atlantic provinces are expected to have an
increase in net income, with New Brunswick expected to have the largest increase
at 11.2%.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     December 30, 2014 Tuesday 9:00 AM GMT

Soil: the sustainable alternative to oil income in Africa;
Agriculture has the potential to generate significant revenue for Africa,
offering more sustainable and equitable development than oil provides

BYLINE: Richard Munang and Robert Mgendi in Nairobi

SECTION: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT PROFESSIONALS NETWORK

LENGTH: 855 words


The 2014 Africa Progress Panel report presents the two faces of Africa: robust
economic growth and continuing poverty. But the report suggests Africa could
change this duality by asking: how can resources make a positive impact on
development? While impressive headline growth figures are reported, incomes do
not trickle down to improve livelihoods of the majority of the population.

Diversifying sources of growth, to include a strengthened agriculture sector
that works with nature and not against it, will go a long way to improving
livelihoods, considering that the sector currently employs about 60% of Africa's
labour force, most of it rural. Going forward, it's imperative to look at
whether relying on oil or soil could provide the most feasible pathway to
enhance food security and job creation for the youth, currently at 200 million
and rising to 400 million by 2040.

Oil: from curse to blessing

With 60% of Africa's workforce directly dependent on agriculture for survival -
and growing poverty and food insecurity according to the World Bank - it is
where the food is grown that should be the focus. Africa's soil should be its
next "oil" in a changing climate.

The continent had a food import bill of over $35bn in 2011 (excluding fish) and
imports of food exceed exports by 30%. In addition, growing urban populations
and the middle class are demanding more nutritious, varied and processed food,
creating opportunities for income generation from agriculture.

Going forward, African agriculture and agribusiness is estimated to be worth
$1tn by 2030. Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) in African agriculture is
projected to grow from less than $10bn in 2010 to more than $45bn in 2020. This
demonstrates the potential of agriculture to generate significant income for
Africa. In addition, considering that existing oil and mineral reserves will run
out, but Africa's soil and its ecosystems, including rivers and forests, will
remain, agriculture offers a sustainable source of income. Oil revenue should be
reinvested into agriculture to ensure food production and employment creation
well into the future.

Farming must be sustainable, not industrial

Intensified conventional agriculture, that focuses on expanding production only,
rather than ensuring the resilience of the entire food system, will have a
negative impact on smallholders as well as the environment.

Conventional approaches such as deforestation and overuse of fertilisers to
increase yield undermine the ecosystem that food production depends on. Less
damaging approaches are necessary to safeguard future food security.
Ecosystem-based adaptation (EBA) approaches offer an alternative. For example,
maize rotated with soybean increases yields by 5-20% more than continuous maize
monocultures. Rotating peas with wheat increases soil nitrogen levels by 6-14
kg/ha, and with this, an 8% increase in wheat yields.

Sustainable farming approaches are easily adaptable in most rural communities,
since they involve traditional agricultural practices. A recent United Nations
Environment Programme (UNEP) publication shows how it is possible to invest in
EBA with case studies from eight African countries. Also work done by NGOs
Futures Agriculture and Canadian Foodgrains Bank provide examples of EBA-driven
agriculture in Africa.

The new frontier

Some regional-level practical action is already under way, as manifested by the
Maputo and Malabo declarations, and should be applauded. At the national level,
governments should incentivise private sector involvement in EBA-driven
agriculture to bring in capital and enhance competitiveness. Key policy areas to
consider are land tenure, asset ownership, tax incentives and special economic
zones. In addition, as a longterm measure, governments should invest in
educational programmes about the potential of EBA-driven agriculture.

Reinvesting natural resource revenues into EBA-driven agriculture is imperative
to leapfrog Africa into a world where, in the words of Nelson Mandela, there is
work, bread, water and salt for all.

Richard Munang is Africa regional climate change programme co-ordinator and
Robert Mgendi is the Africa regional office ecosystem-based adaptation officer
at the                                            United Nations Environment
Programme                     .                     Follow @MTingem on Twitter.

Read more stories like this:

· Six innovations revolutionising farming

· How to inspire a generation of farming entrepreneurs

· Can 'agroecology' bring food security to Latin America?

· Advertising feature: It's all about the mothers

Join the community of global development professionals and experts.
Become a GDPN member                                          to get more
stories like this direct to your inbox

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

IEP-RIC holds pre-budget seminar on agriculture

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, May 23 -- Agriculture experts at a pre-budget seminar on agriculture,
organised by Institution of Engineers Pakistan, Rawalpindi-Islamabad Centre
(IEP-RIC), called for paying greater attention to improving the living
conditions of farmers' community.

They expressed serious concern over decline in farmers' income and less use of
advanced technology that was resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops
and increasing poverty in rural areas.

The seminar was presided over by IEP-RIC Chairman Hafiz Ehsanul Haq Qazi, said a
statement released on Sunday. World-renowned agriculture expert Shaukat Khan,
who had been associated with the World Bank, USAID and other international
institutions, in his keynote address, cautioned that the non-seriousness and
disintegrated approach at the government's level towards agriculture could bring
disastrous impact on country's overall economy.

Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Dr Attaullah Shah also took part in the
discussion, underlying the need of paying greater attention to agriculture to
get rid of poverty.

Shaukat Khan, giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide income
gap among bread earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extent in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground, hence failing to achieve their
stipulated objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for
developing efficient crops' development system. He deplored that currently about
40-year old tractor and cultivator agriculture machinery is in use, which shows
callousness on part of the policymakers.

He called for short and long-term measures to reduce income inequality and
poverty in rural regions. He said the government could overcome certain hurdles
and anomalies by adopting development plan at union council level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern, Khan said, adding that the government needs to change
the mind-set of focusing on pro-urban and pro-rich policies.

He said agriculture is backbone of the economic and it deserved utmost priority
in policymaking. Khan hoped that in the coming budget, proper agriculture
measures would be taken to ensure country's better future.

IPE-RIC Chairman Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
"Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals. IPE, a body of senior
engineers, wish to play its positive and constructive role in the country's
socio-economic development," he added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             June 5, 2013 Wednesday

Agriculture income tax complicated issue: Sartaj

BYLINE:  ABDUL RASHEED AZAD

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 155

LENGTH: 754  words


Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PML-N) supports imposition of Agriculture Income
Tax (AIT) and reforms in the existing laws to improve documentation and increase
provincial revenue collection. A key member of PML-N's economic team Sartaj Aziz
told Business Recorder on Tuesday that agriculture income tax was entirely a
provincial subject and the issue should be referred to the Council of Common
Interest (CCI) to make the tax more comprehensive.

He said that imposition of AIT would help generate about Rs 20 billion per annum
but the issue was very complicated as agriculture sector heavily depended on
weather conditions and the revenue collection from this sector was not certain.
He claimed that in Punjab about Rs 1 billion was being collected annually on
account of AIT, but in other provinces there was no collection. "Imposition of
agriculture tax is a part of PML-N's manifesto and the party has proposed that
50 percent of revenue generated through AIT must be spent in the district from
where it is collected," he said adding that the objective of this proposal was
to increase spending on agricultural development.

A senior official of the Ministry of National Food Security and Research said
that in 2012 an initiative was taken on the issue, when legislators brought the
issue to the parliament during the budget debate but later no steps were taken
in this regard. He said that three provinces of the country had so far not made
any significant legislation on AIT.

According to declarations before the Election Commission of Pakistan (ECP),
majority of the rich landlords, especially in Punjab and Sindh, do not pay any
personal tax. The Punjab Agricultural Income Tax Act 1997, which was land based,
was amended in 2001 to income based. The amendment stipulated that the tax would
be land or income based depending on whichever is higher. The rates provided in
the First Schedule to this Act stipulated that if ownership is up to 12.5 acres
there will be no tax, where it is more than 12.5 but less than 25 acres, tax
would be levied at the rate of Rs 150 per acre and land beyond 25 acres would be
taxed at the rate of Rs 250 per acre.

The 2001 amendment allowed exemption from tax of income up to Rs 80,000; rate of
tax where income does not exceed Rs 100,000 is 5 percent of total income; where
income exceeds Rs 100,000 but does not exceed Rs 200,000 tax would be payable at
Rs 5,000 plus 7.5 percent of amount exceeding Rs 100,000; where income exceeds
Rs 200,000 but not Rs 300,000, it is Rs 12,500 plus 10 percent of amount
exceeding Rs 200,000 and in the last slab where total income exceeds Rs 300,000
it is Rs 22,500 plus 15 percent of the amount exceeding Rs 300,000.

Agri-Forum Pakistan Chairman Ibrahim Mughal while opposing AIT said that the
sector was already paying around 22 different taxes ranging from General Sales
Tax (GST) to market tax. A senior official of the Federal Board of Revenue on
the condition of anonymity said that the government was deducting income tax
from his income before paying him monthly salary and still he was paying tax on
the purchase of each item. He added that the government needed to impose AIT.

The sector is contributing an estimated Rs 240 billion to the national kitty in
the shape of different taxes imposed on agriculture including General Sales Tax
(GST), which is imposed on almost all the necessary farm inputs like seeds,
pesticides, farm machinery, electricity and diesel.

Only collection of GST from the farm inputs is providing the government about Rs
100 billion. Further, farmers with above 12.5 acres of land holdings are also
paying income tax at a flat rate of Rs 50 per acre in Rabi crop season, Rs 80
per acre on kharif crops and Rs 150 per acre on orchids. Re1 is imposed as Cess
on per 40kg of sugarcane (keeping in view Pakistan's annual cane production of
60 million tons the government is collecting about 1.6 billion in shape of cane
Cess), cotton seed and cotton seed oil taxes are also imposed on the farmers.
Farmers are also paying tehsil, district and provincial taxes which include
Mandi tax, abyana, malya road tax and a 10 percent commission to Arhatis.

"We need to regularise our agriculture markets first and after that we should
impose direct taxes on the farm products as middleman or Arhatis are charging
the growers 10 percent commission," said former Agriculture Development
Commissioner (ADC) of Pakistan. The regularisation of market places by the
government would help generate billions of rupees in form of taxes, he added.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Walshe lashes Finance stance

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 363 words


IFA president Padraig Walshe has accused the Department of Finance of being in
denial on the farm income crisis.

Mr Walshe was speaking ahead of a meeting today of the Farming Pillar of Social
Partnership. He said the only response the IFA had received to date on proposals
identifying savings in the agriculture budget had been from the Department of
Finance.

He said this response reflected a lack of awareness of the seriousness of the
farm income crisis and the role that the productive agriculture sector played in
the economy.

In IFA's submission to the Government in response to the Bord Snip report, the
organisation identified savings of EUR439m between 2010 and 2012, which they
claim can be realised while maintaining funding for vital farm schemes.

IFA President Padraig Walshe called on the Taoiseach and the Minister for
Agriculture to strongly defend farmingagainst the ill-informed policy direction
of the Department of Finance.

"The Irish farming and food industry needs particular support from the
Government at this time. The economic cycle in agriculture will improve and the
sector will not be found wanting in putting its shoulder to the wheel to find
new and innovative ways of driving exports and creating jobs," Mr Walshe said.

However, the IFA president questioned whether the Minister for Agriculture was
communicating the seriousness of the income crisis in farming to the Department
of Finance.

"Farm incomes have already been disproportionately and inequitably cut by
Government in the last year, including a 14pc reduction in Disadvantaged Areas
Payments, the closure of REPS 4 and a 17pc cut in payment rates, an 8pc
reduction in the Forestry Premium, the suspension of entry to Early Retirement
and Installation Aid Schemes and a halving of the payment rate for the Suckler
Cow Scheme," Mr Walshe said.

"Collectively, these cuts will amount to EUR100m, mainly from low-income
farmers, many of whose incomes will drop by up to 40pc as a consequence," he
claimed.

"Overall, the Government cuts already imposed will reduce total farm Incomes by
5pc next year and represent a cut of more than 20pc in Government support for
vital farm schemes."

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                            February 1, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

CRISIS ON OUR FARMS;
r Total income has collapsed by more than 50% in less than a year ; r Sector is
hit by rising cost of feed, bad weather and currency blips

BYLINE: LINDA STEWART

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 613 words


THOUSANDS of farmers in Northern Ireland could be forced out of business because
of a collapse in their personal income. Last year was the worst for agriculture
in recent memory with shocking figures revealing total farm income has plummeted
by more than 50% across the sector.

The Ulster Farmers Union says the "horrendous" income figures from the
Department of Agriculture confirm farmers' worst fears. Farmers said they were
hit by a toxic combination of poor weather, rising feed costs and a
strengthening of sterling against the euro. The shock statistics revealed that
total income from farming in Northern Ireland decreased from £290m in 2011 to
£143m in 2012.

Farmers say large retailers must increase the prices they pay, arguing that in
many cases the agricultural sector is getting paid less for food than it costs
to produce.

"It could be argued that the income estimates published today merely confirm
what everyone in the farming community already knows - that 2012 was an
exceptionally difficult year for farmers. However, the sheer scale of the fall
in incomes is both shocking and deeply concerning," Agriculture Minister
Michelle O'Neill said.

"During 2012, a number of factors converged to produce what can only be
described as a toxic combination.

"On top of poor weather conditions throughout much of the growing season, we had
a rise in feed costs and a strengthening of sterling against the euro which both
adversely affected Single Farm Payment receipts and held back producer prices.

"As painful as these events have been, we have to accept that world cereal
harvests, local weather conditions and exchange rate movements are factors which
fall completely outside our control. It is imperative that we continue to build
an industry that has the strength and resilience to withstand such set-backs,"
she added. UFU president Harry Sinclair said the scale of the collapse in farm
incomes will leave many families questioning whether the food supply chain can
ever deliver a sustainable income for them. "Since the middle of last year the
UFU have been highlighting just how bad the situation is for farmers, with costs
increasing, farmgate prices falling and bad weather compounding an already
difficult situation, and yet retailers and processors have refused to respond to
the developing crisis," he said. "The implication for the economy and jobs is
stark."

Mr Sinclair pointed out that with £292m of EU farm support more than double the
farm income figure for 2012, EU support is imperative.

"Anyone who thinks that we can rely on the market alone to solve the industry's
problems is seriously deluded," he said.

UUP agriculture spokeswoman Jo-Anne Dobson accused the Department of Agriculture
of a cavalier indifference to farmers. "Whilst the minister confirms her concern
and disappointment, she must share responsibility for this drastic drop in farm
incomes.

"Her department continues to take actions which only heap added pressure onto an
industry already at breaking point."

CASE STUDY: DERMOT MORGAN Apple grower, Co Armagh Dermot Morgan of Morgan
Brothers said harvests were down by as much as 50% - or even more in some places
affected by frost. He estimates his yields to have been in the region of eight
tonnes per hectare as compared to a normal year of 12t/ha, or a bumper year of
15. Meanwhile the price of fertiliser has doubled or even trebled, although he
is trying to make use of soil analysis to distribute it more efficiently.
"You're grateful to get what you can to cover your costs - some of the orchards
wouldn't even have covered the production costs," he said. "I wouldn't like to
get another bad year. It would be a major financial drain."

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2013 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

IEP-RIC holds pre-budget seminar on agriculture

SECTION: Vol. 21 No. 144

LENGTH: 484  words


Agriculture experts at a pre-budget seminar on agriculture organized here by
Institution of Engineers Pakistan, Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) called
for paying greater attention to improving the living conditions of farmers'
community.

They expressed serious concern over decline in farmers' income and less use of
advanced technology that was resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops
and growing poverty in rural areas.

World renowned agriculture expert Shaukat Khan who had been associated with
World Bank, USAID and other international institutions in his key-note addressed
cautioned that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on
country's overall economy.

It seminar, presided over by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq
Qazi, said a news release issued here on Sunday.

Prominent engineers Arjumand Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice
Chancellor City University) also took part in the discussion, underlying the
need of paying greater attention to agriculture to get rid of poverty.

Shaukat Khan giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives.

He also called for better use of modern technology for developing efficient
crops' development system. He deplored that currently about 40-year old tractor
and cultivator agriculture machinery is in use, which shows callousness at the
level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce Income inequality and
poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome certain hurdles and
anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern. Government, he said needed to change the mind-set of
just focusing on pro-Urban and pro-rich policies.

Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved utmost priority in
policy-making. He hoped that in the coming budget prop-agriculture measures
would be taken to ensure country's better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.

Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals. IPE, a body of seniors
engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role in the country's
socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 7, 2005 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Little Guys Are O.K.

BYLINE: By Bruce Gardner.

Bruce Gardner, dean of the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources at the
University of Maryland, is the author of ''American Agriculture in the 20th
Century: How It Flourished and What It Cost.''

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Editorial Desk; Down on the Farm; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 945 words

DATELINE: COLLEGE PARK, Md.


THE increasing size and industrialization of American farms have been decried as
responsible for depopulating the countryside and causing economic and social
ills. President Bush's proposed budget has encouraged the belief that help is on
the way, in the form of more stringent limits on farm program payments. The
plan, under which payments to some producers would drop by 5 percent and the
current $360,000 annual ceiling on payments would drop to $250,000, has earned
praise from rural populists, who see it as a step to reduce the subsidization of
large as compared to small farms.

However, two questions must be raised: Will the limits on payments really help
small farms? And, more fundamentally, is it a good idea to subsidize large farms
less than small ones?

To answer these questions fairly, one must consider some surprising news: small
farms are actually surviving and even flourishing to an extent no one guessed 20
or 30 years ago.

The United States had 6 million farms in 1944, and by 1970 that number had
declined to 3 million, a rate of loss of almost 3 percent each year. If the
pattern had held, we would have just over a million farms today. Instead we have
2.1 million, and the rate of decline has slowed to a trickle, with today's total
essentially the same as that of 1990.

What made this moderation of the trend possible? In large part, the integration
of the farm and nonfarm labor markets. Yes, all the improvements over the last
75 years in rural transportation, communications and education first led to an
accelerated movement of people from farm to city. But a more recent trend has
seen many people commuting to nonfarm jobs while they remain living on the farm.
According to the Agriculture Department, nonfarm jobs now account for more than
90 percent of farm households' incomes.

In many cases, one family member focuses on the farming enterprise while others
-- spouses, siblings, grown children -- work off the farm. In other situations,
no one works full-time at farming -- the operation is a side job for the entire
family, in some cases a refuge from urban stresses. While complete statistics
are hard to come by, the data indicate that these arrangements are proving
viable to an extent far greater than was thought possible 30 years ago.

Government statistics show that the rise of these nontraditional farms has been
accompanied by a marked improvement in the economic condition of the
agricultural population. Until the 1960's, farm household incomes remained
stubbornly below those of nonfarm households, averaging about 60 percent of the
nonfarm average. But, beginning in the 1960's, relative farm incomes began to
rise -- and by 1990 they had achieved income parity with the rest of Americans.
The Agriculture Department's latest estimate, for 2003, is that farm households
had average incomes 15 percent higher than average nonfarm levels.

Federal figures show that both large farms and small ones are increasing as a
fraction of all farms, with the proportion of mid-size farms decreasing. This
would lead one to expect a rise in income inequality among farm households, with
the middle-sized farmers falling behind. So perhaps the biggest surprise is that
incomes are actually becoming more equal.

Consider the relative net income of farmers classified by the Agriculture
Department as at the bottom fifth in terms of gross sales and government
subsidies. In 1950 they made about a third less than did the average farm
household. But by the mid-1990's, those farmers in the bottom fifth were within
10 percent of the national average. Similarly, in 1950 the top 5 percent of
farmers had two and a half times the average farm household's income; this
figure was reduced to one and a third times as much by the mid-1990's.

So how should this good news change our thinking about the proposed changes in
federal payments? First, the new limits are unlikely to give any significant
boost to small farms. Large farms will likely go on producing just as much as
they are producing now, because these payments are almost entirely fixed per
farm, and do not vary with the amount the farm produces. So the market
conditions facing small farms will not improve. On the other hand, if large
farms produce less of the bulk program crops that are subject to the limits
(cotton and rice are the main ones affected), they will produce something else
on their land, and that something else may well be the high-value crops that are
more prevalent on today's small farms than on large ones.

As to the question of whether it is good policy to promote small farms, the main
reasons advocates give are that small farming makes rural areas more vital by
resulting in more people per square mile, and that small farms are closer to the
bucolic ideal so many of us grew up with. While that traditional farming image
has as much appeal in agriculture as in many other endeavors, and while I share
the sentiment, I have to side with those who question the wisdom of using
taxpayer dollars to subsidize it. Large farms simply produce commodities at
lower cost, and shouldn't be thought the worse for it. After all, special
subsidies for smaller stores in country towns would help them compete with
Wal-Mart, too, but even the chain's greatest enemies haven't suggested such a
policy.

The promising trends in terms of farm numbers, increasing incomes and decreasing
inequality don't mean there are no economic problems in American agriculture.
But they do mean that the industrialization of agriculture has not crowded out
small, specialized farm operations. Even in the age of Monsanto and Cargill,
there is still a role for Mom and Pop.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 April 8, 1998

CAP reforms will 'threaten' farm incomes

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.18

LENGTH: 437 words


SCOTTISH farm incomes will plummet if proposed reforms to the much criticised
Common Agricultural Policy go through unchanged, the Scottish NFU said last
night.

President George Lyon and union economist Scott Walker painted a gloomy picture
at a briefing in Edinburgh on the Agenda 2000 plans that are set to overhaul
European agricultural support.

Mr Lyon said the package put forward by Farm Commissioner Franz Fischler did not
go far enough to meet future demands, nor did it fully compensate farmers for
the reductions there will undoubtedly be in their incomes.

Mr Fischler wants to cut beef support by 30%, dairy by 15% and cereal support by
20%, in an attempt to meet the next round of World Trade Organisation talks,
which start next year.

But, said Mr Lyon, the proposals fell well short of the likely demands, and are
likely to lead to another reform package within a matter of years.

He backed the idea of each farmer being given an index-linked cash settle- ment
annually to do with as they wished in much the same way as the US pays its
farmers.

The American Freedom to Farm system gives farmers gradually diminishing amounts
over a certain period after which state handouts stop.

The NFU of England and Wales is pressing for this system to be intro- duced in
Europe - a stance now apparently shared by the Scottish union's hierachy.

The Scottish union has a number of concerns on the current reform package, not
least of which is the plan to hand over control of part of the agricultural
budget to each member state.

This could lead to widespread market distortions and cause problems within the
single market.

There would also not be enough money within these so-called "national envelopes"
to pay farmers the full compensation in the beef and dairy regimes to which they
are entitled.

Also of concern is the proposed modulation of farm support through a new tax.

Farmers receiving between 100,000 and 200,000ecu would face a 20% charge and
those getting over 200,000 a 25% penalty.

Vice-president Peter Chapman said there could only be losers if this option is
adopted. It would also bring in the principle of capping support - a move the
union was strongly against.

The reform package also contains a plan to reduce direct farm payments if there
are insufficient employee numbers on farms.

The labour number would be determined by Government, but those farmers who
exceed the required staffing level will not receive any extra support.

Any cash saved would either be handed back to Europe or given out through
agri-environment schemes - another area of concern for union bosses.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1998 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Agriculture department has a roadmap for the new government

BYLINE: Madhvi Sally

SECTION: AGRICULTURE

LENGTH: 507 words


NEW DELHI: Unshackle the markets by promoting pledge finance or removing trade
barriers is what the agriculture department is said to have pointed in a
presentation to the Cabinet Secretary on Wednesday. The presentation which was
made in a run up to the government formation next week also pointed that low
cost credit to farmers, direct cash transfers, expansion of irrigation reach and
addressing soil fertility was the way forward for the Indian farmer.

Giving a broad line on the agriculture department achievement since the past
five years and how it looks to move ahead, Agriculture secretary Ashish Bahuguna
is said to have slated that the aim of the department was to ensure food
security, sustainability and see an increase in farm income in the coming years.
The major shortcomings according to the departments' presentation remained undue
focus on fine cereals, restrictive markets, large yield gap and limited research
and development breakthrough.

Trade restriction, unviable size of land holding and over dependence on
agriculture were also the key issues which had not been addressed by an iron
fist. In the presentation, the agriculture department has said that it was time
to address issues on land consolidation, repeal of land ceiling and economics of
leasing or contract farming. Apart from it revisiting the Agriculture Produce
Marketing Committee Act which regulates the mandis in the country and projecting
agriculture through end-to-end value chains with the help of aggregators were
others proposals to liberate the current market.

Official's privy to the presentation told ETthat it was felt that direct cash
transfer on unit area basis instead of fertiliser subsidy should be implemented
to address soil fertility issue. Further, farmers could be given incentive for
adoption of resource conservation technology. With over two third of the 44
million hectare arable land rain fed in the country, Bahuguna in his
presentation highlighted that increasing irrigation coverage and water use
efficiently was required.

A shift to direct cash transfer on unit area basis and promoting pulses and
perishable in public distribution schemes and mid days meals was also imperative
to ensure remunerative prices to farmers. Bearing the maximum risk of poor
weather and volatile markets, introduction of innovative insurance products on
optional basis and improving and increasing risk cover for farmers could be able
to mitigate or reduce risk for farmers felt the department.

Even with major achievements of ensuring self-sufficiency in food grain
production, the agriculture department is slated to have said that the major
failure was that the country had one of the highest malnutrition problem in the
world. The farm incomes were still far below nonfarm income and high prices
especially for perishable items remained. In the presentation the department
highlighted that even with over exploitation of natural resources we were still
import dependent particularly for edible oil and pulses.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily Pakistan Today

                             May 19, 2016 Thursday

Farmers express concern over decline in income

LENGTH: 323 words

DATELINE: New York



 ISLAMABAD: Agriculture experts at a pre-budget seminar on agriculture organised
by the Institution of Engineers Pakistan Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC)
expressed serious concerns over decline in farmers' income and less use of
advanced technology.





 World renowned agriculture expert Shaukat Khan in his key-note cautioned that
the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the government level towards
agriculture could bring disastrous impact on country's overall economy.



 The seminar was presided over by the Chairman IEP-RIC Hafiz Ehsanul Haq Qazi.



 Shaukat Khan giving a detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extent in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
land.



 He regretted that agriculture related institutions at public and private
sectors talked much, but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their
stipulated objectives. He also called for a better use of modern technology for
developing efficient crops' development system.



 He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce income inequality and
poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome certain hurdles and
anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's level.



 Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern. Government, he said needed to change the mind-set of
focusing on pro-urban and pro-rich policies. Agriculture is the back-bone of the
economy and it deserved utmost priority in policy-making. He hoped that in the
coming budget proper measures would be taken to ensure country's better future.



 Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant
institutions..

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            February 13, 2015 Friday

The right price

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Feb. 13 -- Nepal's economy remains predominantly agricultural, with about
33 percent of the country's national income still derived from agriculture and
its allied activities, which also absorb nearby 66 percent of the work force.
Fish farming, dairy farming, vegetable production, and animal husbandry are
being developed and considerable employment being generated for rural youth.
Agriculture has been a net earner of foreign exchange and produces like lentils,
cardamom, tea, coffee, ginger, garlic, spices, and flowers are increasingly
being exported. These primary export items account for about 29 percent of
exports at present. The country has attempted commercialisation and
modernisation of its production system in some pocket areas, but there is a lot
to be done yet in this regard. Against the growing population, per capita food
availability has been eroding, along with current holdings of cultivated land.
Thirty districts out of 75 encounter food deficits. During shortages, poor
families can hardly hedge against shocks such as droughts, floods, and prolonged
illness.

In this regard, an agricultural price policy becomes extremely significant,
since the successful implementation of planned projects is largely dependent on
the government's control of prices. Nepal has been exercising various measures
that influence the level of farm prices and consequently, the income of
producers. These measures are generally adopted to determine prices of farm
products, such as food grains, rape seeds, sugarcane, and milk, rather than
commodities such as fruits, vegetables, eggs, and meats. The objective is to
improve agricultural incomes as a sequel to increasing production and
productivity. In developed countries like the US, Canada, and in Europe, where
farm incomes badly lag behind non-farm incomes, the main objective of the
pricing policy is to raise farm incomes so as to bring them in line with the
income levels of the rest of the country. In poor countries like Nepal, over
production is not the problem. The objective of a support price policy,
therefore, should be to increase agricultural production as well as productivity
by creating economic incentives for farmers.

Keeping farmers afloat

Price support policies, especially for non-perishable commodities, are practiced
by almost all governments of the world to keep national economic growth sound.
When producers produce more than the need, the government should liable to
procure this surplus so that production will not fall in succeeding years due to
uncertainty of the surplus selling in the markets. This however, is very
expensive on the part of the government and it also exerts pressure on the
national budget. But it is important for farmers' incomes and also for the
development and growth of agriculture. The government's price should have a fair
profit margin at the cost of agricultural products such as food grains and raw
materials as they enter the costs of living and the price of manufactured
commodities, either in internal or foreign markets.

Take the example of India. Before 1947, India was importing food grains. In
1957, the government formed a food grains enquiry committee, which strongly
recommended the setting up of a food grains stabilisation organisation. It also
recommended the building up of buffer stock, licencing of wholesale traders, and
fixing minimum and maximum price levels. Now, India has an Agricultural Price
Commi-ssion (APC), which sets a balanced and integrated price structure in the
perspective of the overall needs of the country and with due regard to the
interest of producers as well as consumers.

Regarding farm produce price, Nepali farmers always demand sustainable prices
for their products. Hence, the government had fixed minimum procurement prices
for paddy and other crops, but these were not implemented well and failed to
become established policy. Presently, sugarcane producers are demanding a
sustainable procurement price for their produce, but this has not been fulfilled
by the concerned authority. Thus, agriculture, it seems, has been unable to
become a profitable and prestigious occupation in the country.

Efficient agriculture

Past experiences clearly show that a recession in agriculture automatically
leads to a general recession in the country. Many economists have realised that
"the rate at which farmers who have settled into traditional agriculture accept
a new factor of production depends upon its profit with due allowance for risk
and uncertainty, and in this respect the response is similar to that in modern
agriculture. Harmful prices policies always impair the efficiency of agriculture
". A sound pricing policy would help to achieve self sufficiency in food grains,
oil production, and also help increase the export potential of agricultural
products. It would also help raise the economic level of producers, traders,
agro-industrialists, and the national economy as a whole. If agricultural prices
are kept within narrow limits, more than half the inflation battle will have
been won.

Nepal needs to modernise agriculture to boost production and productivity, with
significant industrial bases, where people can access employment and reduce
poverty levels. This can be possible through a 'National Agricultural Price
Commission' for the formulation and effective implementation of an agricultural
price policy. This needs great commitment from the government, responsible and
development-oriented politicians, policymakers, farmers, and also the media to
highlight the importance of agricultural development and growth.

Jha is an agricultural economist and former Managing Director of National Seed
Company Limited

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday

'Agriculture will deliver Uganda to middle income status'

BYLINE: Jonathan Adengo

LENGTH: 339  words


Economists and agricultural experts have said agriculture will deliver the
country to middle income status if its potential is well harnessed

KAMPALA. Economists and agricultural experts have said agriculture will deliver
the country to middle income status if its potential is well harnessed. This was
at the fifth National Agriculture and Food Security Forum held in Kampala on
Tuesday.

Ms Sarah Sewanyana, the executive director of the Economic Policy and Research
Centre (EPRC), said there is need to think how best to help Operation Wealth
Creation (OWC) programme achieve the best in the agricultural sector. In his
Budget speech, Finance minister Matia Kasaija revealed that agriculture is key
to creating wealth and employment. He said the 2014 Population and Housing
Census indicated that household reliance on subsistence farming had risen to 69
per cent from 68 per cent between 2002 and 2014. Gen Julius Oketta, the deputy
chairman OWC, while speaking at the forum, said agriculture is the cornerstone
to achieving the long term vision of transforming the country from low income to
middle income status by 2020. To that effect, Mr Kasaija announced an increase
in the agricultural sector's budget by Shs343.46b to Shs823.42b, a 65 per cent
increase. Gen Oketta said the increase in the Budget allocation is in line with
the government policy to ensure wealth creation and employment through
supporting agricultural productivity to transform the agricultural sector. "If
we are to realise this, there is need for growth in this sector to surpass the
population growth rate which currently stands at three per cent to avoid food
shortage," he said. He cited the United Nations projecting global population to
reach 9.7 billion and sub-Saharan Africa 1.7 billion by 2050 creating
opportunity for exports. About OWC Operation Wealth Creation was established by
President Museveni in July 2013 with a view to eradicate poverty and facilitate
growth of households' income, mainly through agriculture.
jadengo@ug.nationmedia.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2016 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

What about ease of doing farming?

LENGTH: 1090  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Dec. 11 -- The ministry of agriculture was renamed recently as the
ministry of agriculture and farmers' welfare. A welcome step and, perhaps, the
Centre will devote better attention to farmers' welfare and not just agriculture
.


 Notwithstanding the international dimensions or vagaries of weather, the plight
of farmers is often reflected in supply constraints faced by key industries and
muted consumer confidence due to low disposable income.
 Without making doing farming attractive, ease of doing business will be futile.
The Make in India programme has made commendable progress on the latter, and
provides useful lessons for the former. It has five interlinked objectives:
facilitate investment; foster innovation; enhance skill development; protect
intellectual property; and build infrastructure. All these could be applied to
usher reforms across the agrarian value chain.
 Like any other business, investments could be attracted in agriculture if it
offers reasonable and predictable returns. It also has small, medium and large
investors, with each category looking for a different kind of support, like
other businesses.
 Subsidies have hitherto been provided for availing credit, procurement of
inputs and output price support, etc. to farmers as a homogenous class.
 However, we are increasingly realising that subsidies are effective only when
targeted properly and provided in the form of direct cash support, without any
preconditions. This learning should be used in agriculture by providing unlinked
direct income support to small farmers. This will give them adequate assurance
and flexibility to practice agriculture.
 Also, while populist measures such as loan waivers might benefit a small
proportion of farmers in the short term, it promotes delinquency amongst
formerly genuine farmers and dissuades financial institutions to provide credit.

 Instead, income support and 'graduation' programmes being run by several civil
society organisations such as J-PAL must be supported on a large scale, for
making farmers self-sufficient, and manage income fluctuations.
 While the Centre and State governments have developed several schemes for crop
insurance, measuring soil quality, their coverage and implementation remain
patchy. Large scale coverage and time-bound implementation is the key to inspire
confidence amongst the farming community.
 Research and innovation is as important in agriculture as in any other
industry. The Indian Council of Agriculture Research conducts research on
climate resilient agriculture, expert systems on crop management, State specific
technological interventions for higher agricultural growth, productive seed
varieties, and nutrient management.
 Perhaps, it has not been able to reach to the masses and enable
commercialisation. It has recently launched the Agrinnovate India initiative to
bridge this gap.
 The Make in India programme has used innovative mechanisms such as digital
technology to link lab to market, and this is the need of hour in agriculture
sector as well. There is no reason why farmers should not benefit from the
digital revolution for enhancing farm productivity and enable agriculture
growth.
 Another area of innovation is sustainable agriculture. This includes use of
non-renewable energy resources, and balanced use of organic crops and high yield
varieties of seeds, which needs to be promoted through an effective
communication strategy.
 The Make in India programme lays emphasis on skilling for industrial use. Equal
emphasis, with the same vigour, is required to promote skill development in
agriculture and allied services such as dairy management. A spill-over effect
will be reduced migration to cities.
 The government has already launched mKisan SMS portal to provide information,
advice and services relating to agriculture practices. Periodic evaluation and
monitoring is necessary to ensure its effectiveness.
 There is also scope to learn from other countries. For instance, the iCow
mobile service in Kenya assists small-scale farmers to maximise their returns by
facilitating optimal animal healthcare and nutrition. Similar programmes could
be launched in India through the PPP mode.
 It is absolutely essential to protect and preserve traditional knowledge and
practices to ensure sustainable development of agriculture. Protection of plant
breeders' rights and new plant varieties is important.
 Intellectual property rights (IPR) and technology are mutually reinforcing and
promotion of one results in development of other. We will not be in a position
to launch another Green Revolution without a strong and effective IPR regime.
 A strong IPR regime is essential as mega-regional agreements such as the
Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade and
Investment Partnership (TTIP) are expected to promote the interests of member
countries on agriculture and IP, to the detriment of excluded countries such as
India. Further, our agriculture interests are up for a toss at the ensuing WTO
Ministerial in Nairobi.
 Like any other business, infrastructure is essential for the development of
agriculture as well. At a time when 'plug-and-play' infrastructure is essential
to attract industry, why can we not envisage similar facilities for agriculture
promotion? Agriculture parks with requisite electricity connection, irrigation,
road networks and warehousing facilities, could be built to attract investments.

 While the government has initiated steps to set up an online national
agriculture market, the initiative should be completed in a time bound manner.
 Farmers will need to be educated to benefit from such online market facilities.
Policy and practice reforms in food procurement, warehousing and marketing are
long pending, and the government must show seriousness. Mere legislative changes
will do no good sans implementation.
 The Make in India programme has brought ease of doing business in national
discourse and promoted competition among states. We need to understand that
agriculture is also a kind of business and deserves similar attention. It
supports half the workforce which can neither be overlooked nor be fully
accommodated in manufacturing.
 There is thus an urgent need for 'ease of doing farming' initiative to bring
agriculture back into policy discourse at the Centre and States. Competition
among States to promote agriculture will not only do long-term good for the
economy, but will also ensure real success of Make in India.
 The writer is the secretary general of CUTS International

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Philippines Daily Inquirer

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Gov't urged to take into account incomes of farmers, fishers

BYLINE:  Ernesto M. OrdoA±ez

LENGTH: 735  words


For inclusive growth to make sense, one needs to take into account the incomes
of farmer and fisherfolk, apart from production (or "gross value added"), which
is the basis of traditional measurement. We cannot improve what we do not
measure. Therefore, we must measure a farmer's current income, its sources and
bottlenecks. Only then can we identify the most strategic and effective actions
to take.

During the Arangkada Forum in 2012, when an Alyansa Agrikultura leader asked
President Aquino what he would do differently from his predecessors in the area
of agriculture, the President said he would emphasize the increase of farmers'
income.

Unfortunately, during a March 8 presentation, the Department of Agriculture (DA)
identified only three sector outcomes: Increased productivity in Agriculture and
Fishery; increased forward linkages to the industry and services sector; and
increased sector resilience to climate change.

The increase of farmers' income was not mentioned, but only implied. What then
is the new approach we are recommending? The DA should depart from a primarily
commodity approach to a farmer-income emphasis with an inclusive growth goal.

Rice

For example, instead of just focusing on rice production to achieve
self-sufficiency, the DA's rice program should also look at a rice farmer's
income.

If a farmer relied on rice alone, he would never get out of poverty. According
to PhilRice Executive Director Eufemio Erasco (044-4560111), a rice farmer's
average income ranges from P25,000 to P30,000 per planting season, or P50,000 to
P60,000 a year.

This is below the P80,000 annual rural poverty threshold.

We commend Agriculture Secretary Proceso Alcala and PhilRice's Erasco for
focusing on the rice farmer, not just the product.

Their Palayamanan program advocates low investment, high-yielding activities,
such as growing mushrooms through the use of rice straw waste. From this
activity can come a vermiculture opportunity.

Erasco says that the two activities may yield an additional annual income of
P200,000. Between the planting seasons are 125 days of idle time. This can be
used to plant crops like mungbeans, which will give an additional P25,000.

Not only will there be an additional annual income of P225,000 a year,
underemployed labor may also be tapped. Organic, rather than chemical,
fertilizer can be applied. Most importantly, the rice farmer can finally break
out of the poverty trap.

Coconut

Another example is the commodity-oriented Philippine Coconut Authority (PCA).

The PCA should expand its mandate of increasing coconut production to include
the improvement of coconut farmers' income.

The annual P20,000 yield for a coconut hectare can be significantly improved
through inter-cropping. Rolando Dy (02-6342819) states that intercropping cacao
or coffee can yield a net annual income of P97,000 or P100,000, respectively.

PCA's John Domagtoy (09054177013) says that the P50,000 investment from
beekeeping can yield an annual income of P24,000 in the first year, P42,000 in
the second year, and P60,000 in the third year, and onwards. This is because a
coconut yield increases by 30 percent due to bee cross-pollination.

The emphasis of improving income should also be done on a household backyard
basis. Agriculture Undersecretary Dante de Lima and National Soybean Production
Coordinator Rosemarie Aquino (0915-4622438) have shown that a kilo of soybeans
worth P50 can yield 25 kilos in three months.

When processed, this yields 200 liters of soy milk at P46 a liter and 12.5 kilos
of soy vegimeat at P140 a kilo. Thus, this P50 investment may yield a return of
P10,950. All this may be done in a farmer's backyard!

Paradigm change

Just as we should add inclusive growth to the economic production paradigm, we
should also focus on increasing the income of farmers. Using commodity road maps
to achieve inclusive growth are severely limited because they do not take into
account potential increased incomes through added farmer activities.

The multicrop and multiactivity farm approach should supplement the commodity
approach if we are to raise farm incomes. Therefore, we should stop measuring
agriculture purely on commodity production and add the critical aspect of
understanding and measuring farmer incomes.

Then we can solve difficulties and unleash opportunities so that farmers'
incomes are raised beyond the poverty level and inclusive growth may be finally
attained.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Philippines Daily Inquirer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  News Letter

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday

Crisis as farm incomes crash

LENGTH: 367  words


Farmers' representatives claim "horrendous" new government figures show farm
incomes decimated by over 50 per cent during 2012.

Describing the situation as "one of the worst years for Northern Ireland farm
incomes since the turn of the century," the Ulster Farmers Union (UFU) has said
the implications for the industry's 50,000 jobs is stark.

Released on Thursday by the Department of Agriculture, the figures highlight a
collapse in earnings regarded by some commentators as among the worst in the
country's history.

UFU president Harry Sinclair said many farmers were seriously considering
whether the food supply chain can deliver a sustainable income for them.

He said the food producers were "being taken for granted" by those setting the
prices for produce and added: "Since the middle of last year the UFU have been
highlighting just how bad the situation is for farmers, with costs increasing,
farmgate prices falling and bad weather compounding an already difficult
situation, and yet retailers and processors have refused to respond to the
developing crisis."

For the period in question total income from farming in Northern Ireland
decreased by 50.6 per cent (52.2 per cent in real terms) to £143 million.

This figure takes account of all revenue streams into agriculture - farmgate
returns plus EU subsidies - and the costs incurred by farmers. Total turnover
for agriculture last year amounted to £1.7 billion.

Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill expressed her concern and disappointment
at the fall in farmgate incomes.

"It could be argued that the income estimates published today merely confirm
what everyone in the farming community already knows - that 2012 was an
exceptionally difficult year for farmers. However, the sheer scale of the fall
in incomes is both shocking and deeply concerning," she said.

"During 2012, a number of factors converged to produce what can only be
described as a toxic combination. On top of poor weather conditions throughout
much of the growing season, we had a rise in feed costs and a strengthening of
sterling against the euro which both adversely affected Single Farm Payment
receipts and held back producer prices."

See full story in Friday's News Letter

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: INNL tablet


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Diversify income sources of small, marginal farmers: NABARD chief

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: BHUBANESWAR


BHUBANESWAR, Feb. 18 -- With agrarian crisis steadily deepening, efforts should
be made to diversify income sources of small farmers which would ensure their
livelihood security, said Harsh Kumar Bhanwala, Chairman of the National Bank
for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD), here on Wednesday.


 Delivering Nabakrushna Choudhury Memorial Lecture on 'Challenges in financing
small and marginal farmers in India with special reference to eastern India'
here, Dr. Bhanwala said, "Agriculture alone cannot generate enough income for
their growing needs. Small and marginal farmers now are obtaining their income
from multiple sources such as wages and salaries, non-farm production and animal
husbandry."
 "The NSSO 70th round survey of agricultural households indicated that marginal
farmers' main source of income is wages (48 per cent) and not income from crop.
For small farmers, 57 per cent of the income is coming from agriculture. For the
farmers also, income from cultivation accounted for 48 per cent only.
Diversification of income sources is an important strategy to bring down
distress level," he said.
 The top banker said livestock and allied sector activities are the best way to
insure farmers' incomes against crop losses. Besides contribution of
horticulture sector in stabilising and augmenting farmers' incomes is proven
formula.
 Pointing out that small and marginal land holdings lead to a number of
problems, he said small and marginal farmers had relatively lower access to
credit compared to other farmers and that as a result depend on high cost of
borrowing from private money lenders.
 "Farmers with higher land holdings could get as high as 79 per cent of their
loans from institutional sources, mainly commercial banks. In comparison, 47 to
65 per cent of loan amount of small and marginal holding is from institutional
sources. Agricultural money lenders constitute a major source of credit for
smaller farmers," NABARD chairman said.
 Dr. Bhanwala expressed concern over low credit flow to Eastern India. "It is
surprising that the Eastern region, in spite of having 18 per cent of the branch
network, accounts for about only 9.5 per cent of the agricultural credit. The
share of credit does not augur well with the share of the region in gross
cropped area (14.65 per cent) or high cropping intensity (151 per cent)."
 He added "We need to nurture new wave of agripreneural by approaching farm and
allied sector with innovative instruments."

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

FAP appeals govt to levy agriculture tax

SECTION: Vol. XXXVII No. 311

LENGTH: 110  words


Farmer Associates Pakistan (FAP) on Monday appealed the government to levy tax
on income from agriculture and livestock under the Income Tax Ordinance 2001.

Addressing a press conference here at a local hotel, FAP President Tariq Bucha
said that they wanted to support the government by giving tax.

He said the tax number similar to all other income tax assesses should be issued
to assesses of agriculture.

Tariq Bucha said that upon imposition of the income tax regime, similar rights
should be given to rural dwellers as given to urban areas.

He urged the government to announce that from now onwards the agriculture sector
was fully under the equitable tax net.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

FAP appeals govt to levy agriculture tax

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 311

LENGTH: 110  words


Farmer Associates Pakistan (FAP) on Monday appealed the government to levy tax
on income from agriculture and livestock under the Income Tax Ordinance 2001.

Addressing a press conference here at a local hotel, FAP President Tariq Bucha
said that they wanted to support the government by giving tax.

He said the tax number similar to all other income tax assesses should be issued
to assesses of agriculture.

Tariq Bucha said that upon imposition of the income tax regime, similar rights
should be given to rural dwellers as given to urban areas.

He urged the government to announce that from now onwards the agriculture sector
was fully under the equitable tax net.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Govt takes steps to provide relief to farmers

BYLINE: Salim Ahmed

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 296

LENGTH: 194  words


Punjab Minister for Agriculture Dr. Farrukh Javed has said that Punjab
government is taking every possible step to provide maximum financial relief to
the farmers. He said that government has decided to withheld collection of
agriculture income tax from the farmers. The decision was taken on the complains
of farmers across the Punjab regarding complicated procedure of collection of
agriculture income tax. He said that direction in this regard has been issued to
all field officers and Assistant Commissioners of Revenue.

He expressed these views while talking to the delegation of farmers here today.
He said that government has taken serious step to provide relief and increase of
agriculture production. The Minister said that Kisan Package of 100 billion will
provide interest-free loan to five lakh farmers which helps to diminish the role
of middle-man. The Minister stated that the registration of farmers regarding
loans will continue till 15 November but the government will start distribution
of loans soon. The Minister directed all the field officers to ensure the
implementation of notification regarding decision of withheld of agriculture
income tax.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Free Press Journal (India)

                                  July 7, 2016

India's biggest laundromat - agriculture

BYLINE: RN Bhaskar

LENGTH: 923  words


It is Rs 2,000 lakh crore or Rs 674 lakh crore, or Rs 199 lakh crore, any which
way you look at it, the figures are disturbingly high! But these are figures
relating to agricultural income earned, that have been filed before the Income
Tax authorities.

The first figure emerged, when a retired Income Tax (IT) officer - Vijay Sharma
- decided to file an RTI (Right to Information) request for the amount that the
department had registered as agricultural income. The figures he got showed an
exponential increase from 2004 to 2013, touching a total of almost Rs 2,000 lakh
crore for 6.57 lakh individual assessees in 2011. He then asked for the top 100
names of the people who had filed such returns. His request was denied. He then
decided to file a public interest litigation (PIL) petition with the Patna High
Court in Bihar. This matter was duly reported by media in March 2016. The court
was supposed to hear the petition in April this year. But there is no further
news from that front.

Almost simultaneously, the Income Tax Department gave out a different set of
figures (see table 1) which was dutifully reported by the media.

More interestingly, on 10 March 2016, the IT department sent out a circular
(LETTER F.NO.DGIT(S)/DIT

(S)-3/AST/PIL MATTER/AGRICULTURAL INCOME/97/2015-16) to all its offices stating
the following:

"Kindly refer to subject matter.

     ·    It has been noticed that several assesses have declared income from
          agriculture of more than Rs 1 Crore in the income tax return filed for
          earlier years especially from AYs. 2011-12 to 2013-14.
     ·    In this regard, there is a PIL matter pending before Hon'ble Patna
          High Court wherein concerns have been raised that a few assesses may
          be engaged in routing their unaccounted/illegal money in the garb of
          agricultural income thereby not only claiming exemptions on such
          income but also engaged in the money laundering activities.
     ·    Since agricultural income is only used for rate purposes, it was
          noticed that in a few such high value cases, taxpayers may have
          inadvertently made data entry errors while filling up the fields for
          agricultural income.
     ·    Therefore, it is requested that the assessing officers may be directed
          to


(i) Verify whether the taxpayer may have made a data entry error while filling
up the return.

(ii) Wherever scrutiny assessment is completed, AO may provide feedback based on
assessment records.

(iii) In cases where proceedings u/s 143(3) are pending, assessing officers may
be informed to thoroughly verify the claims.

     ·    The list of cases having agriculture income more than Rs 1 Crore along
          with jurisdictional details is placed at itaxnet at the following
          path:


Resources Downloads Systems Verification of Agriculture-Income

You are requested to kindly send a status report in this regard after
verification as mentioned above. This feedback may be urgently provided to this
Directorate before March 20th, 2016 so that we can report the correct figures of
claims of agricultural income to the Hon'ble Patna High Court.

     ·    This issues with the approval of Pr. DGIT(S).


There has been no public information available on the actual state of affairs
after that. It is not known whether the declarations are indeed agricultural
income, or whether they have sought refuge under the "taxpayers may have
inadvertently made data entry errors".

The only statement was one made by Union agriculture minister Radha Mohan Singh
in the last week of May 2016, that there is no plan to tax agricultural income.

Not taxing agriculture is one thing, but not hauling up people who have used
agriculture as a laundromat for whitewashing ill-gotten money is quite another.
Even the most lucrative crop cannot generate an average income of Rs 83 crore by
an individual farmer. The figures given above are a multiple of the gross
value-added for the entire country. They are over 80 times larger than total
direct tax collections in any year. (See chart).

The government is silent, so is P Chidambaram, who was minister of finance at
the time these huge amounts were declared as agricultural income. It could be
plain coincidence, but Chidambaram's term witnessed a surge in bad loans as well
(http://www.freepressjournal.in/analysis/stressed-assets-sometimes-crook

s-squeal-loudest-r-n-bhaskar/880378).

So will the courts have to step in (once again) to get the explanations that are
required?

In fact, it is time the government sets up a study group to determine which
kinds of agricultural income should be considered for tax exemption. Surely cash
crop cultivation should not be considered for exemption. Income from rental of
agricultural property too should also not be classified as agricultural income.

To be fair, the government has already begun tightening disclosures at other
suspected laundromats - Participatory Notes, Mauritius and Cyprus. And it is
going after black money in ways that few governments have in the past.

One hopes the agriculture laundromat is also closed, or at least brought under
intense scrutiny.

Clarification: Last week, the author had referred to mutual funds investing in
indebted companies
(http://www.freepressjournal.in/analysis/stressed-assets-sometimes-crooks-squeal
-loudest-r-n-bhaskar/880378). India Ratings clarifies that the top 10 mutual
funds (MF) exposure in the top 500 corporate borrowers is Rs 670 billion. These
MFs are fairly placed because MF exposure worth Rs.642bn or 96% is in in HER and
MER category. Exposure in ERR and stressed corporates stands at Rs 27.7 bn or
4.1% of the total exposure (0.23% of 11.8trn).

The author is consulting editor with FPJ

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Indian National Press Bombay Ltd, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 24, 1992 Thursday

Farmers' incomes likely to grow for 1992   Earnings expected to fall back in
1993 in every province   except B.C.

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 337 words


BY OLIVER BERTIN
Agriculture and Food Reporter
Canadian farmers will see their incomes rise an average of 43 per cent
this year, thanks to government subsidies, higher wheat sales and an
increase in the price of cattle.

But farm leaders say the news is nothing to cheer about.

"We're happy that farmers are doing better," said Ralph Jesperson,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture. "But incomes are not
back to where they should be.

"Incomes have been dropping steadily for several years. Grain prices
are the equivalent of 20 years ago, and (farmers' incomes in) some
provinces are down 40 and 50 per cent from where they were."

Farmers have a long way to go before they are financially secure again,
added Don Knoerr, a rancher in British Columbia and former CFA president.

"We may have a 40-per-cent increase in incomes from last year, but 1991
was one of the worst years on record," Mr. Knoerr said. "This (1992) is
still a very difficult year."

Moreover, farm incomes are expected to decline again in 1993, the farm
leaders added. They were commenting on farm income forecasts released by
Agriculture Canada yesterday.

In their annual projection, the federal economists estimated that
Canadian farmers would have a realized net income of between $4.3-billion
and $5.3-billion in 1992, falling to between $3.2-billion and $4.3-billion
in 1993.

Realized net income was $3.35-billion in 1991 and $3.25-billion in
1990.

Realized net income is the most common measure of farm income. It
includes gross revenue, minus costs and depreciation, but not inventory
changes.

Farm incomes are expected to fall next year in every province except
British Columbia. Farmers in Prince Edward Island and Saskatchewan will
suffer most next year, because they are eligible for fewer subsidies.

In the 1992 projections, Agriculture Canada calculated that farmers
will receive between $3.5-billion and $4.3-billion in direct government
payments. The estimate does not include the host of indirect subsidies and
financial benefits that most farmers receive.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 18, 2010

Agriculture in Big Horn County

BYLINE: Dallen Smith, Extension agent

LENGTH: 481  words


This is agriculture week and my hat goes off to all the agriculture producers in
Big Horn County. Roughly 58 percent of the counties income comes from
agriculture. We have 621 farms in the county and crop sales make up $24.6
million, with livestock sales $27.2 million with a combined total of $51.8
million. We rank second in the state for sugar beet production, corn for silage
and colonies of bees. We rank third in the state for barley for grain, horses
and ponies and hogs and pigs. We have some great farmers in our county that work
hard to produce crops in this arid climate through the use of irrigation. We
also have many companies and co-ops that supply seed, fertilizer, fuel and other
necessary inputs that make agriculture production possible in this county.

Agriculture production has come along way in the last 100 years. Average corn
production in the United States in 1900 was 20 bushel to the acre. Today the
average corn production is 160 bushel to the acre and some producers in Iowa are
producing 300 bushel to the acre. This has come through many technologies
including cross breading of corn, fertilizer, Roundup Ready crops. Machinery has
also become more efficient. Agriculture on a whole has become more efficient
through the use of technology on one hand. Some livestock producers have become
more efficient through grazing crop aftermath and wintering on windrowed crops,
which you could call less technology. Ranchers and farmers are great at adopting
those technologies that will work on their operations. It is because of the good
farming and ranching practices of this country that we spend less of our
disposable income on food than any other country. Ten percent of our disposable
income goes for food while in third world countries like Indonesia spends 45
percent of their income on food.

Upcoming events

At 7 p.m. tonight (Thursday) there will be a meeting to discuss current
livestock issues Also, Steve Paisley the Livestock Specialist from University of
Wyoming will be coming to demonstrate how to use CowBytes, a feed lot balancing
ration that he highly recommends for the use in feedlots.

National Ag week is this week, March 14-20. Take the opportunity to thank an ag
producer you know. National Ag Day is March 20 so our annual Ag Expo will be
from 9 a.m to noon this Friday for all third and fourth grade students at the
Basin Fairgrounds.

University of Wyoming Cooperative Extension Big Horn County is putting on an
Enterprise Budget Workshop for farmers an< ranchers. John Hewett will be coming
from Laramie and bringing 10 laptops. There will be a short presentation and
then into work sessions on the computers doing the actual enterprise budgets.
The Workshop will be from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday, March 31, at the Big Horn
County Weed and Pest building, 4782 Hwy 310, Greybull.

Call the Extension Office at 765-2868 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2010 Basin Republican Rustler


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                November 3, 2009

Average farm income 'will fall to EUR 13,000'

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 447 words


Average farm incomes this year will be as low as EUR 13,000 for all farms, and
EUR 16,000 for full-time farmers, it has been claimed.

IFA national president Padraig Walshe made the claim at a meeting of Social
Partnership last week which the Taoiseach and Minister for Agriculture attended.

Mr Walshe said that last year average farm income was EUR 16,993. But he said
that in 2009, farm incomes are projected to fall by at least 25%, through a
combination of historically low commodity prices, poor weather conditions and
draconian Government cuts already imposed. "Farm Incomes will be as low as EUR
13,000 for all farms, and EUR 16,000 for full-time farmers." He said: "Farmers
cannot afford to take further cuts on key farm schemes as cuts already made have
had a disproportionate impact on farmers. Increasing taxes such as a carbon tax
will also seriously impact on the productive sector and will significantly slow
up the recovery of the Irish economy."

The IFA leader said that cutting costs and improving competitiveness is what the
Government should be focused on. "Instead Government cutbacks have contributed
to the farm income crisis, particularly for drystock farmers. Cutbacks to the
Suckler Cow Welfare Scheme, Disadvantaged Areas and the closure of REPS 4 have
hit the most vulnerable in the sector." "Collectively, these cuts will amount to
100 million, mainly from thousands of low-income farmers many of whose incomes
will drop by up to 40% as a consequence. Overall, the Government cuts already
imposed will reduce total farm incomes by 5% next year and represent a cut of
more than 20% in Government support for vital farm schemes."

Mr Walshe said farmers would not have complained as vociferously if the cuts
already imposed took account of their actual incomes and related directly and
equitably to income cuts in the public sector. "However, farming and agriculture
has already been disproportionately hit by cuts that will impact on incomes,
while the Government is failing to tackle the huge cost of delivering public
services and competitiveness in the economy."

He told the Taoiseach that the only response IFA have received to proposals
identifying savings in the Agriculture budget is from the Department of Finance,
and reflects a lack of awareness of the seriousness of the farm income crisis
and the role that the productive agriculture sector plays in the economy.

"The senior civil servants making these decisions are totally out of touch with
the critical role farming as a productive sector plays in sustaining economic
activity and jobs in rural Ireland. IFA has shown that cuts will end up costing
more in job losses and social welfare payments."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 6, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

TAXPAYERS SAVE AS FARMS PROSPER

BYLINE: LARRY JOHNSRUDE, CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 556 words


A slow but steady rebound in farm income is working out to savings for
taxpayers.

With farmers making record amounts from wheat and canola this year, Canadians
haven't had to dip as deep into their pockets to bail out the agriculture
sector.

Farm subsidies dropped by 39 per cent this year.

Farmers received $ 1.2 billion through various cost-shared programs, of which
the taxpayer share was one-third to one-half.

Will farming ever be so profitable that costly farm income support will no
longer be necessary?

"Wouldn't that be splendid!" said Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale with a
laugh.

But realistically, farmers will likely continue getting government money in some
form regardless of how good times are, said Greg Strain, acting chief of
Agriculture Canada's farm income sector.

"Because of the nature of some of the programs, you will have instances of
revenue falling and triggering the programs," he said.

About one-third of the $ 1.2 billion spent on farm programs for the first nine
months this year came from the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan, which compensates
farmers for drops in revenue due to low international prices or declines in
grain production.

As the market picks up, payments drop.

Improved prices and sales of agriculture goods are credited for GRIP payments
being cut by half this year, to $ 403 million from $ 856 million in 1993.

Payments from a related program, the Net Income Stabilization Account, fell to $
20.5 million from almost $ 90 million.

Crop insurance for farmers who don't participate in GRIP paid out $ 303 million
this year, down from $ 473 million a year ago.

Statistics Canada reported this week that farm income to September rose by five
per cent this year, to $ 18.2 billion, largely due to the highest wheat, durum
and canola prices since the 1970s.

Even with the record income, GRIP and NISA continue to pay out because farm
income remains below levels set by formulas based on the long-term average of
farm revenue, explained Strain.

Goodale is in the middle of revamping the myriad of complicated and sometimes
contradictory farm income support programs into one "whole-farm" safety net.

He wants the new program to be less complicated and easier on taxpayer
pocketbooks. It will also have to meet new rules under the North American Free
Trade Agreement and the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. An interim
report is expected later this month.

Goodale defended the agriculture sector's appetite for taxpayer-funded price
support.

"I haven't met a farmer yet who says he wants a subsidy," he said. "What they
say is they want a decent price for what they sell."

FARM SUPPORT

* THE ISSUE: Farmers received $ 1.2 billion in the first nine months of this
year from income-support programs such as the Gross Revenue Insurance Plan, the
Net Income Stabilization Account and crop insurance. The programs are partly
funded by taxpayers.

* WHAT'S NEW: Payments this year represent a 39 per cent drop from last year,
largely due to increased farm income from higher grain prices.

* WHAT'S NEXT: All farm income support programs are being reviewed as part of a
proposal to amalgamate them into a "whole farm" safety net. A report from the
review is expected later this month and legislation could follow sometime in the
new year.


LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Should farm aid plan be scrapped or replaced?

BYLINE: Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 683  words


Can the CAIS (Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization) program be transformed
into something useful or does it need to be scrapped and replaced with something
totally different? It all depends on who you ask.

CAIS is the mainstay of farm support programming. Its predecessors were the CFIP
(Canadian Farm Income Program) and AIDA (Agriculture Income Disaster
Assistance).

AIDA dates all the way back to Lyle Vanclief as agriculture minister. Since then
we've had Bob Speller, Andy Mitchell and now Chuck Strahl. Although the acronyms
have changed, the programs have operated on much the same premise.

Farm income is supposed to be stabilized based on 70 per cent of your previous
five-year margin. The concept assumes that producers can generally be profitable
based on the marketplace. The program is supposed to smooth out the big dips in
farm income.

Opponents say that with steadily declining returns, stabilizing income to a
declining margin doesn't make sense. Therein lies the problem.

Should governments let overall market forces dictate the shape and structure of
primary agriculture or should governments set up programs that give efficient
producers some certainty about their returns?

The latter is what the Americans have done by effectively setting floor prices
on the major grains. It comes with a big price tag and it produces market
distortions, but it certainly provides a great deal of financial stability and
predictability for producers.

In the U.S., the export market for grains and oilseeds isn't as important. A
large percentage of the production is consumed domestically. Everything from
livestock to ethanol benefits from the abundant supply of cheap grain.

In Canada, with most of our grains and oilseeds exported, big subsidies to
support production would help all the service industries from fertilizer
manufacturers to the railroads, but much of the benefit would be exported to
whoever buys our production at prices below the cost of production.

During the election campaign, the Conservatives said they would replace CAIS --
a popular position given the program is largely unpopular. Now, the provincial
agriculture ministers have convinced the new federal minister that a
transformation of CAIS is preferable.

That isn't sitting well with everyone in the Conservative party.

Following Strahl's change of heart, Saskatoon-Humboldt MP Brad Trost issued a
news release saying CAIS must be replaced with a more responsive program by the
end of 2006.

Trost didn't mention the new stance of the agriculture minister, choosing
instead to quote from Stephen Harper's promises during the election campaign.

There are also mixed messages from accountants and farm financial advisers who
deal with CAIS applications each day. Some say CAIS generally works well for
farmers who have treated their operations as a business. Farm support payments
in 2005 hit a record $4.9 billion and CAIS was a big part of that.

According to others, there's so much administration and confusion and so many
mistakes that CAIS isn't salvagable. In an effort to target the payments based
on the circumstances of individual producers, the program is cumbersome at best.

There are relatively easy steps that could be taken to make CAIS more responsive
and equitable. However, it would still be an income stabilization program and it
wouldn't cover much of the pain in the grains sector where margins are being
steadily squeezed.

As ugly as CAIS is, before pulling the plug on it, it would be important to see
the details on any proposed replacement. Designing a program that works for
individual producers in all types of agriculture in all parts of the country is
not a simple task.

Plus, there would need to be the political will to spend billions of dollars
more each year. The Conservative election promise was an additional $500 million
a year -- peanuts compared with the ongoing shortfall in the grain industry.

Little wonder that Strahl is now talking about CAIS transformation rather than
replacement.

- Kevin Hursh is a Saskatoon-based farmer and consulting agrologist. He can be
reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

Rural going global

LENGTH: 549 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Sept. 26 -- For all its contribution to the national income, the
agricultural sector has not been sufficiently prioritised to increase its
productivity. Most of the farmers, for example, are dependent on the vagaries of
monsoon for irrigation. Still, although it does not receive as much attention as
the manufacturing and the services-in particular, tourism-the growth in
agricultural output has been the biggest source of growth in the national
economy during the last four years. It is a fact that ought to be celebrated,
and not taken as a sign of "backwardness" of the economy. It is indeed time to
expose the fallacies of defunct economists, which have prioritised industry over
agriculture. There are many who still assume that there is excess labour in
agriculture and argue that this unproductive labour could easily be transferred
elsewhere without any loss of productivity in agriculture. This great myth is
behind the bias in the policymaking that favours the industrial and urban
economy over the agricultural and rural.

The bias against agriculture is partly responsible for the migration of
productive labour to overseas markets. The assumption today is that the millions
of youth can migrate overseas in search of jobs without significant decrease in
productivity in the sectors they were previously engaged with. This is a
mistaken idea. The loss of working hands has slowed the growth of Nepali
agriculture, as has the lack of scientific land reforms which would put
ownership of land in the hands of its tillers. A long-term solution to the
labour migration problem should therefore look for ways to improve relative
incomes in the agriculture sector compared to industries domestically and
abroad.

Another side effect of the bias against agriculture has been that policymakers
do not think of it as a part of the economy that can lead to high incomes in the
long run. Thus, agriculture tends to be seen as something an economy should move
away from. This logic is outdated. In fact, the scope of agriculture's
contribution to the national economy is limitless. As the world has become more
globalised and trade relatively free, the potential income from agriculture has
also increased. With improvements in transport systems, Nepal can benefit
enormously from exporting farm products produced in its diverse climates. In
this regard, the news that the Department of Food Technology and Quality Control
has received international accreditation for its laboratory is welcome. This
will hopefully help Nepal's exporters become competitive internationally and
penetrate markets in India and beyond. Experience over the years has shown that
non-tariff barriers, such as required specific accreditation and quarantine
processes, can become costly to Nepal's exporters. For example, in 2004, Nepal
lost around Rs 1.6 billion in export earnings because its ginger couldn't be
exported due to non-tariff barriers. As Nepali exporters seek markets beyond the
national border, establishing more labs at major export hubs can contribute
enormously towards making agriculture lucrative. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article
or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                        November 19, 1992, CITY EDITION

FF presents plan for agriculture

BYLINE: By Frank Kilfeather

SECTION: ELECTION/REFERENDUMS; PROFILE/DICK SPRING; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 301 words


THE GOVERNMENT is committed to finding a solution to the problem of farmers who
were aged 65 or over when the PRSI scheme for the self-employed was introduced
in 1988, and who will not at 65 have the 10 years' service necessary for a
pension, according to the Fianna Fail agriculture policy document launched
yesterday.

"It is hoped to find a solution to this problem in the context of the EC-funded
retirement scheme," according to the document.

"We will examine the possibility of taking interest payments and depreciation
into account in the computation of reckonable income for third-level education
grants and extending, from September 1994, free education to all third-level
students," the document added.

It pointed out that under measures relating to the new CAP, no less than £25
million a year would be spent on environmental measures to benefit farmers and
rural dwellers and contribute significantly to supporting farm incomes and rural
tourism.

The Minister for Agriculture, Mr Walsh, and his two junior ministers said they
were committed to making the Department of Agriculture more "user-friendly"
through the simplification and streamlining of administrative procedures for
farm schemes and the elimination of all delays in payments to farmers.

They said they would deliver the "best possible" deal for Ireland in the CAP
reform negotiations which would bring stability to family farm incomes and that
the agri-food industry could be developed to "rival the best in the world".

The Irish Farmers' Association said the agriculture manifesto did not meet the
income crisis for thousands of farm families, while Fine Gael said that most
farmers would be "most disappointed" with the document.

However, Macra na Feirme said it was a "step in the right direction."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1992 The Irish Times


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 11, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

HOW MUCH IS THAT BABY IN THE WINDOW?

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. Z05; THE CUTTING EDGE; VITAL STATISTICS

LENGTH: 117 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has put a fine point on something that most
parents already know: Raising children is an expensive proposition. The cost of
bringing up a single child through age 17 ranges from more than $ 260,000 for a
relatively high-income family to more than $ 130,000 for a low-income family,
according to the USDA report. The costs were roughly the same for two-parent
families and single parents, the USDA said, even though single-parent households
tend to have lower incomes. Additional children essentially come with a
discount, the report said. For example, per-child costs in families with one
child are 24 percent higher than in families with two children.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, marcia stamer for The Washington Post; Illustration, marcia
stamer for The Washington Post, The cost of raising a child through age 17 Total
cost for high-income family ($262,669) Housing 37.0% Food 14.9% Transportation
14.0% Miscellaneous 12.4% Child Care* 9.8% Clothing 6.5% Health Care 5.3% Total
cost for middle-income family ($180,197) Housing 33.2% Food 17.4% Transportation
15.2% Miscellaneous 11.1% Child Care* 8.9% Clothing 7.3% Health Care 6.8% Total
cost for low-income family ($132,544) Housing 32.7% Food 19.8% Transportation
14.9% Miscellaneous 10.1% Clothing 8.5% Health Care 7.1% Child Care* 7.0% Note:
Numbers do not add due to rounding *Includes educational cost Source: U.S.
Department of Agriculture, Expenditures on Children by Families, 1995

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

'Income orientation to farming the big challenge'

BYLINE: MS Swaminathan

LENGTH: 870  words


The National policy for farmers presented to the Parliament in September 2007
for the first time talked about farmers' centric policy. With more than 80% farm
holding being small (less than 1 hectare), we need to give both research and
development and income orientation to farming rather than measure progress in
terms of million tonne of rice, wheat and other crops. We have suggested that
you take the human being behind the production and put a face before the figure
and then try to understand how to increase the income and well being of the
farmers.

The key issue is to increase the productivity and profitability of small
holdings by bridging the gap between actual and potential yield. We need to
improve productivity through technology and management, giving the power and
economy of scale to the small producers. It may be through cooperative farming
or group farming or contract farming, etc. The big challenge is how to give
income orientation to farming, as  without it we would not be able to attract
the younger generation into farming. If that does not happen soon, the future of
the agriculture sector is bleak. Mahatma Gandhi back in 1930 had said, "The
worst form of brain drain is migration of educated youth from villages to
towns".

During his recent visit, US President Barack Obama pointed out that India is
fortunate to have a youthful population with over half of the total population
of 1.2 billion being under the age of 30. Of the 600 million young persons, over
60% live in villages. Most of them are educated. But I can categorically say
that we are deriving very little demographic dividend in agriculture. Younger
people, even graduates from agriculture universities, are not going back to
farming. They are not sure how much income they would have as it is a risky
profession. Moreover, we hardly have an insurance system worth its name in
place.

So the first challenge before the agriculture sector  is how to give income
orientation to farming. The key is productivity improvement so that there is
enough marketable surplus for smaller farms, otherwise, you do not have cash
income, and secondly, value addition through biomass, creation of more
opportunities in the non-farm employment. The service sector particularly in the
agriculture sector is not developed. The services sector is growing more in
urban centres.

Some years ago, the government launched a programme for enabling agriculture
graduates to start agri-clinics and agri-business centres. This programme
administrated by NABARD and National Institute of Agricultural Extension
Management is yet to attract the interest of educated youth to the degree
originally expected. It is hence time that the programme is restructured.

The idea of agri-clinics was to provide the services needed during the
production phase of farming, while the agri-business centre would cater to the
needs of farm families during post-harvest phase of agriculture.  The next
challenges for rejuvenating agriculture is ecology. Many of our natural
resources are under threat from vagaries of weather and over-exploitation.
Climate change would spell mega disaster unless we take a lot of anticipatory
action. Unfortunately, we are not doing enough on this front. The so-called
various missions announced by the Prime Minister are all high-sounding missions,
while nothing happens on the ground. All these missions are drafted by
bureaucrats  and except for educated people, nobody knows about these
programmes. Green Revolution was not a government programme; it was mass
movement; a small government-aided initiative to augment food production become
a mass movement.

The term 'second green revolution', as stressed by Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh, would not come just by drafting mission statements. Nothing will happen.
Ecology of the farm, land care movement, watershed management, initiatives
towards more crop per drop of water-all of them can come only if more farmers
participate. It has to be a marriage between farmer participation and
technology.

As far as the climate change is concerned, it can be a mega disaster. It is
estimated that we will lose about 8 million tonne of wheat if there one degree
rise in mean temperature.

Protection of ecology and climate care movement have to be very important.
Climate change means climate-resilient agriculture. The next challenge is gender
equity, as increasingly there is 'feminisation of agriculture'. Many poorer
farmers are migrating to cities or working under NREGA for better incomes,
leaving the women to be custodians of our food security. They do not have enough
extension support and also land rights. The gender concern has to be
mainstreamed.

We need technical upgrade of farm operations, including fishery, animal
husbandry, etc. We have not got the technology policy for agriculture right.
About the controversy concerning moratorium on the release of Bt brinjal, the
present system of Genetic Engineering Approval Committee (GEAC), headed by an
additional secretary, would not work. In future, we have to have recourse of
biotechnology for increasing yield. Information technology, space technology
should be used widely in agriculture.

The writer is an eminent  agriculture scientist

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 14, 1986

Sharp rise in farming income

BYLINE: By ROSEMARY COLLINS, Agriculture Correspondent

LENGTH: 223 words


Farm incomes have risen sharply this ear after the 45 per cent drop officially
recorded in 1985, but estimates of the recovery range from 20 to 60 per cent up
on last year's record low level.

The higher estimates are being circulated by the major banks. Chris Pettit,
agricultural manager of Lloyds, reckons that the 1986 farm income figure will be
56 per cent above 1985 at pounds 1.8 billion, and other banks are believed to
have calculated an even bigger recovery.


Lowest estimate comes from the National Farmers' Union, which yesterday had
early talks with Ministry of Agriculture officials in preparation for the annual
farm White Paper, due in the New Year, which will contain the official 1986
income figure.

Last year's farm income stood at pounds 1.15 billion, and the improvement this
year is based on the better grain and potato harvest, higher crop yields, lower
fuel and chemical costs and higher earnings in the milk sector.

A warning of leaner times to come was delivered yesterday by Michael Jopling,
agriculture minister, who told a joint EEC/US farm seminar in London that
'continuous support price pressure has had to be, and will have to be, applied'.
Farm ministers would have to make 'painfully hard' decisions to cut guaranteed
farm prices further if costly surpluses were to be wiped out.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Report on roadmap to double farmers' income by Sept: Govt

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 30 -- An inter-ministerial panel, which has been mandated to
recommend a roadmap to double farmers' income by 2020, will submit the report by
September, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said Friday.


 Highlighting measures taken to boost farm output and farmers income, the
Minister said in Rajya Sabha more funds have been allocated under various
schemes like PMKSY and hence there are no plans for a separate agriculture
budget.
 On the progress made in implementation of electronic national agriculture
market (e-NAM), he said so far 23 mandis in eight states have been integrated
and a total 200 mandis would be brought to the online platform by September.
 "By 2020, we want to double farmers' income. In April, an inter-ministerial
committee was set up to study and recommend a roadmap for doubling the income of
farmers. The committee will submit the first report by September," Singh said in
the Upper House during Question Hour.
 The broad mandate of the panel is to study the current income level of
farmers/agri-labourers, measure the historical growth rate of current income
level and determine the required growth rate to double the income of farmers.
 The panel will not only recommend various strategies to be adopted to
accomplish the target but also suggest an institutional mechanism to review and
monitor implementation of the realised goal, he added.
 "The committee has begun its work and the approach adopted is that it shall
work as a dynamic committee. It shall suggest interventions to be made on a
continuous basis begining with the 2016 kharif itself," Singh noted.
 The Ministry is aware that in order to double farmers' income over the period
of six years 2016-17 to 2021-22, in real terms the desired compound annual
growth will have to be much higher than that achieved so far. The committee will
recommend the desired growth rate, he added.
 Singh also said that the government is aiming to reorient agriculture sector by
shifting the approach from pure production-centeredness to farmers' income
-centeredness.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

Report on roadmap to double farmers' income by Sept: Govt

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, July 30 -- An inter-ministerial panel, which has been mandated to
recommend a roadmap to double farmers' income by 2020, will submit the report by
September, Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh said Friday.


 Highlighting measures taken to boost farm output and farmers income, the
Minister said in Rajya Sabha more funds have been allocated under various
schemes like PMKSY and hence there are no plans for a separate agriculture
budget.
 On the progress made in implementation of electronic national agriculture
market (e-NAM), he said so far 23 mandis in eight states have been integrated
and a total 200 mandis would be brought to the online platform by September.
 "By 2020, we want to double farmers' income. In April, an inter-ministerial
committee was set up to study and recommend a roadmap for doubling the income of
farmers. The committee will submit the first report by September," Singh said in
the Upper House during Question Hour.
 The broad mandate of the panel is to study the current income level of
farmers/agri-labourers, measure the historical growth rate of current income
level and determine the required growth rate to double the income of farmers.
 The panel will not only recommend various strategies to be adopted to
accomplish the target but also suggest an institutional mechanism to review and
monitor implementation of the realised goal, he added.
 "The committee has begun its work and the approach adopted is that it shall
work as a dynamic committee. It shall suggest interventions to be made on a
continuous basis begining with the 2016 kharif itself," Singh noted.
 The Ministry is aware that in order to double farmers' income over the period
of six years 2016-17 to 2021-22, in real terms the desired compound annual
growth will have to be much higher than that achieved so far. The committee will
recommend the desired growth rate, he added.
 Singh also said that the government is aiming to reorient agriculture sector by
shifting the approach from pure production-centeredness to farmers' income
-centeredness.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Dawn (Pakistan)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

Stay orders pull agriculture tax collection down in Punjab

BYLINE: FAISAL ALI GHUMMAN

SECTION: Vol. 70 No. 190

LENGTH: 397  words


Punjab's agriculture income tax (AIT) collection fell short by 33 per cent, or
Rs750 million, in the outgoing fiscal year, apparently because of increasing
number of court stay orders against the levy.

The Punjab Board of Revenue (BoR) collected Rs1.55 billion against the target of
Rs2.3bn during 2015-16. The target for 2016-17 has again been set at Rs2.3bn.

However, the collection was 51pc higher than Rs1.028bn collected in 2014-15.

The agriculture income tax, which went effective in its new form on July 1,
2015, was challenged by a number of land holders in the last fiscal year on the
ground that they were already paying different taxes, such as income tax,
abyana, malia and other indirect taxes. They also said that the government had
not consulted them before imposing AIT.

The tax is payable by farmers having 25 acres of irrigated land (equivalent to
50 acres of un-irrigated land) and they are required to submit their tax returns
under the amendments introduced in AIT Act 1997 in 2001.

A farmer belonging to the Sahiwal district, who declined to be named, told Dawn
that he received AIT challan of Rs7,500 for 2014-15 a few months ago but did not
pay it after hearing that the tax was in litigation. "The tax is unjustifiable
as income from agriculture has already dropped. We are facing the wrath of high
input costs," he groaned.

He said different agriculture associations have already taken up the matter of
double taxation with the relevant government departments.

Even many land owners who fell in the ambit of AIT have yet to declare their
agriculture income in their returns submitted to the Federal Board of Revenue.

BoR Member Tax Asad Islam Mahni rejected that the tax in question was leading to
dual taxation. "The department has been collecting AIT from around a million
farmers throughout the province since 1997."

He said that more than a thousand farmers might have got stay orders from
courts, but the BoR has already got relief from the superior court in AIT's
favour.

However, he acknowledged that some leakages in the tax administration were also
hampering better tax collection, adding that setting up of a Management
Information System was under consideration to enlist all land owners with the
help of the World Bank.

The official said BoR was already using the data of Land Record Management
Information System to collect AIT from deserving land owners.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                              Copyright 2016 Dawn
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   October 17, 1990, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Farm income dries up despite crop

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 425 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


  A bountiful harvest this year has been nothing but bad news for Canada's
300,000 farmers, whose incomes will drop 25% this year to $3.08 billion,
Agriculture Canada economists predict.

Despite the second-biggest grain production in Canadian history, farmers will
see their incomes drop simply because their grain can't be sold in the fiercely
competitive international markets this year, the department said in its
third-quarter outlook.

But it has been the cutback of more than $1.3 billion in government support that
has led to the drop in national farm incomes, the department said.

Saskatchewan farmers will take the brunt of the pain with incomes dropping to a
total of $828 million from $1.1 billion in 1989.

The cutback in government spending comes on top of slumping world wheat prices,
which dropped 40% between June and September, partially as a result of a
worldwide bumper crop. Total wheat harvest in Canada is expected to be 31
million metric tons.

Critics say incomes could drop even further if Trade Minister John Crosbie goes
ahead with his plans to cut federal support payments by 50% and eliminate all
export subsidies as part of a negotiating package revealed Monday during world
trade talks. Canada spends about $8.8 billion supporting its agriculture
industry.

Agriculture Minister Don Mazankowski announced earlier in the week a temporary
aid package for grain farmers that could see farmers get interest-free loans on
their grain deliveries.

While welcoming the proposal, Canadian Federation of Agriculture President Don
Knoerr said there has to be a permanent solution to the annual problem.

''The interest-free component of these programs is not the only issue that needs
review,'' he said. ''We also must be certain that an effective delivery system
is available.''

Mazankowski has also launched an overhaul of its farm support programs but that
isn't expected to be ready until next year.

The cutback in federal payments was the single biggest reason for the drop in
farmer incomes. Total cash receipts are expected to drop by 3% to $21.7 billion,
while farm expenses have moved up 1% to $18.8 billion.

However, the end of the Special Grains Stabilization Program, designed to
protect farmers from low grain prices, pushed total payments from Ottawa to less
than $2 billion from $3.3 billion.

At the same time, Farm Credit Corp. said Canadian farmers continue to face
serious financial difficulties but, unlike previous years, the majority are
financially secure.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: FAP appeals govt to levy agriculture tax

LENGTH: 145 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, Nov. 12 -- Farmer Associates Pakistan (FAP) on

Monday appealed the government to levy tax on income from

agriculture and livestock under the Income Tax Ordinance 2001.

Addressing a press conference here at a local hotel,

FAP President Tariq Bucha said that they wanted to support

the government by giving tax.

He said the tax number similar to all other income tax

assessees should be issued to assessees of agriculture.

Tariq Bucha said that upon imposition of the

income tax regime, similar rights should be given to rural

dwellers as given to urban areas.

He urged the government to announce that from now

onwards the agriculture sector was fully under the equitable tax

net

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           February 1, 2003, Saturday

IT WAS A YEAR FOR FARMING TO FORGET . . . AS INCOMES DROP BY THIRD

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 1275 words

HIGHLIGHT: FAR LEFT: John Gilliland, the UFU president in insists that 2003 must
see an improvement in incomes or many more farming families would leave the
land. LEFT: Parliamentary Under Secretary of State with responsibility for
Agriculture, Ian Pearson: Income figures no surprise, but are still very
disappointing.Food and Farming Minister Lord Whitty says we require an
agricultural and food sector that is sustainable in the economic, environmental
and social sense


THE Ulster Farmers' Union said 2002 was a "year to forget" for the local
agricultural industry.

Ongoing poor farmgate prices and the wettest year since records began contrived
to make it an horrendous year for farming families, "who are surviving on an
average net farm income of only pounds 4,600".

The Union's comments followed the publication, by the Department of Agriculture
and Rural Development, of the official farm income statistics for 2002.

They show that Northern Ireland farm incomes fell by a massive 33 per cent last
year, while, in the rest of the United Kingdom, farm incomes enjoyed a 15 per
cent recovery.

UFU president, John Gilliland, said that 2003 must see an improvement in incomes
or many more farming families would leave the land.

Latest statistics show that 1,300 farm businesses (four per cent) closed in the
12-month period from June 2001 to June 2002. The UFU said this vindicates its
Campaign Against a Rural Exodus (CARE).

John Gilliland said: "The farming community makes many positive contributions to
the countryside, rural society and the economy. However, this should not be
taken for granted. "A one-third drop in incomes in a single year is another body
blow to the industry."

He questioned what the countryside would look like in years to come if the
current exodus of farming families continued.

The UFU president highlighted that farmers "have been earning below the national
minimum wage for the past six years".

John Gilliland said urgent progress was needed to enhance farmgate prices and
reduce the amount of paperwork, which, he said, was strangling farmers morale.

He challenged the Government to properly address the farming issue and he said
the operation of the food chain must deliver a fairer deal for primary
producers.

Mr Gilliland said the farm income figures were in stark contrast to the
spectacle of highly profitable supermarket chains queuing up to table
multi-million pound bids for the Safeway retail chain. Ian Pearson,
Parliamentary Under Secretary of State with responsibility for Agriculture and
Rural Development, said that, while the income figures "will come as no surprise
to those in the industry, they are still very disappointing".

The main reasons were well-known - the poor prices in 2002, particularly for
milk, and the effects of the adverse weather in Northern Ireland during much of
2002. Some of the weather effects were still being felt, for example in
increased purchases of feedstuffs.

The Minister added: "There are some mildly encouraging signs at present,
particularly the firming of milk prices in recent weeks; also, the significant
strengthening of the euro relative to sterling, which should lead both to
increased support prices and higher rates of direct payments.

"Nevertheless, agriculture remains under financial pressure and I acknowledge
that it is a difficult time for farmers and their families to face further
uncertainty arising from the EU Commission's detailed Mid-term Review proposals
published last week."

Ulster Unionist agriculture spokesman, George Savage, had an urgent meeting with
Agriculture Minister Ian Pearson to discuss the plying of Ulster's farming
industry.

Mr Savage said: "In many ways we should not be surprised by this latest
depressing news. Warnings about the decline of the farming industry have been
made with frequency over the past two years.

"I have long preached that we need action to protect the fabric of farming life
before we are left with a doomsday scenario. I will be making strong
representations to the Minister as these latest revelations only serve to back
up what I have been saying for some time. "

He went on to say: "Farmers are fed up listening. They have articulated their
case often through protests and campaigns such as 'CARE'. And now they want
action from those in the corridors of power."

The Upper Bann MLA: "Poor farmgate prices were a feature of the difficulties
experienced across the Province and while the wet weather also took its toll, it
should be remembered that fair pricing is still a key issue to be resolved.

"A Fair Price Commission is still the best way to tackle this continuing
problem.

"When we see 1,300 farm businesses closing here it is further evidence of the
crisis which agriculture has been battling to arrest in recent years. We must
have a complete review of all the services which make up the agriculture
sector."

He said: "We have to examine ways to ensure the long term future for farming and
food production. Such a vision is fundamental if we are to safeguard agriculture
and the rural way of life.

"Around 80,000 people are involved in the agriculture sector. These are jobs we
must protect."

He said the he was concerned that under Direct Rule there is less sympathy for
the industry. More people depended on agriculture in Northern Ireland than in
England and he would be underscoring that point with the Minister."

Mr Savage also intends to raise the issues of CAP reforms.

He added: "I have been concerned about the shift within the EU away from a
subsidy culture. It is significant that the big winners in the latest EU
redistribution of money are the new East European Member States with Ulster
farmers set to become worse off again.

"The Government must ensure that it is not hoodwinked in all this with the
French and other nations wriggling out of their responsibilities while farmers
in the UK are left to shoulder the burden with rigid implementation of EU
proposals."

The British farming policy is crippling those in the industry in Northern
Ireland and it was time there was a break from it, the agriculture spokesman for
Sinn Fein.

Gerry McHugh, MLA for Fermanagh and South Tyrone, said one of the key factors
was that there was a need for focus in Northern Ireland on the damage that the
British farming policy was doing to the industry.

Expressing dismay at the report he said: " An average farm income of pounds
4,600 a year means that farmers and their families are bringing in an income of
pounds 80 odd a week. This is clearly not sustainable.

He said: "Taken in tandem with the failure of jobs in rural communities that
could provide additional income this is dismal news."

Referring to the 'UK' farming policy, Mr McHugh said: "The failure of the
British government to claim down wet weather payments is just one example in a
long list of decisions taken in Britain that have had a disastrous effect on
local farmers here.

"It is time that people recognised the 'UK' farming policy is crippling us.
Across Ireland the agriculture industry is facing difficult and testing times.

"In many areas there is an urgent need to adopt both a united strong voice to
represent all Irish farmers and the need to a more coordinated and focused All
Ireland approach to many of the key issues we face in rural communities."

Ian Paisley Jnr, MLA, said that the collapse in farm incomes "is once again a
clear indication of the pressure on the farming sector".

Mr Paisley said that, a time when firemen were striking for a decent wage,
farmers were, on average, earning wages far below the national minimum wage.

"There appears to be no regional or national plan to rectify this collapse in
farm incomes," he said.

"No other sector could survive on such a collapse in incomes, yet the Government
expects the farming community to plough on."

Mr Paisley added: "It is time for the Government to put in place a plan that
seriously addresses the ability of the farming community to earn a wage that can
sustain a modern family."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                          February 11, 2006, Saturday

USDA PREDICTS NET FARM INCOME WILL TUMBLE 23%

BYLINE: BY SCOTT KILMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 4, Column 4

LENGTH: 52 words


US Agriculture Dept expects net farm income to drop 23% this year after most
profitable two-year period on record; blames falling grain prices and rising
costs of fuel, fertilizer and credit; expects agricultural producers to generate
income of $56.2 billion this year compared with $72.6 billion in 2005 (M)

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     November 22, 2002 Friday Final Edition

Disaster relief payments rescue Alberta farm incomes

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

BYLINE: Michelle Lang

SECTION: Business; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 525 words

Alberta is the only province in the country where farm income will rise in 2002
as disaster relief programs soften the blow of this summer's devastating
drought.

Agriculture Canada's farm income forecast predicts farmers in the province will
earn $1.3 billion this year, a 17 per cent increase from 2001 and more than
double the five-year average.

Canadian farmers as a whole will earn $4.2 billion this year, 13 per cent less
than they did in 2001. That is 25 per cent below the five-year average.

Agriculture Canada issued the unscheduled forecast Thursday to take into account
the extreme weather conditions that have occurred since the department's July
forecast.

In Alberta, drought, frost and poor harvest conditions will cause a 44 per cent
decline in crop production from last year. But that loss should be more than
offset by a 29 per cent increase in crop insurance and farm aid payments.

"It's most unfortunate that incomes are up because of program payments," said
Ted Menzies, Alberta vice-president of the Western Canadian Wheat Growers.

"They are a necessary part of disaster plans, but no one likes living on crop
insurance. It's lost potential for farmers."

Agriculture Canada expects Alberta's farmers to collect their share of a
$600-million federal aid package, a record level of crop insurance and $324
million in disaster relief from the provincial government.

Although crop prices skyrocketed this year as poor growing conditions tightened
grain supplies around the world, the Alberta drought will push crop receipts
down almost 20 per cent from the five-year average.

Livestock prices, however, have been depressed for most of the year because of
an oversupply of meat on world markets.

Lambert Gauthier, a farm income analyst with Agriculture Canada, said livestock
receipts in the province should remain about the same as last year.

"Drought contributed to the higher marketings of cattle, so the decline in
prices was offset by higher marketings," he said.

Expenses in Alberta are expected to drop slightly from 2001 levels.

Farmers in Saskatchewan, who were also hit by drought and frost this year, face
a similar situation in terms of crop receipts and livestock. But Saskatchewan
producers did not get a substantial provincial aid package to help with the
drought.

Agriculture Canada said farmers there should see a 15 per cent decline in income
from last year.

The western drought did not extend to Manitoba, where farmers will earn $596
million this year, a 55 per cent increase over the five-year average.

In B.C., farmers will see a 12 per cent decline from the five-year average
income because aid payments are coming down from their record levels this year.

langm@theherald.southam.ca

Alberta Farm Cash Receipts, Expenses and Income, 2001 to 2003

Average Percentage Change Percentage Change

Realized 2001 1997-01 2002 02/01 02/97-01 2003 03/02 03/97-01

Net $million $million $million % % $million % %

Income 1,110 510 1,304 17% 156% 1,049 -20% 106%

Realized Net Income includes depreciation charges and income-in-kind

Source: Agriculture Canada

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Alberta farmers will earn $1.3 billion
this year, a 17 per cent increase over last year, according to Agriculture
Canada estimates. As a whole, Canadian farmers' incomes will slip 13 per cent,
says the federal agency.

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 6, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Federal funding cuts prompt county to curtail food distribution program;
Officials say needy will find other help

BYLINE: Donna Espy; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 257 words


Cobb County is cutting its federal food distribution program from four times
last year to twice this year as a result of Congress' 70 percent cut in funding.

Surprised recipients of the surplus dairy products and starches learned the bad
news last week as they stood in line at the Cobb Civic Center distribution site.

"It's kind of scary,"said a young mother who declined to be identified. "I
home-school my children, and if I had to go to work, I'd spend most of my income
on child care."

Two retired widows waiting to be screened for eligibility said they hope such
programs will not be discontinued.

"We've worked all our lives and always helped others along the way," said one
senior adult, who declined to give her name. "If you need assistance, there
should be somewhere you can go to get help."

The same comments are being echoed throughout the state as the cuts take effect
in a program designed to help Georgia's unemployed, low- income and homeless
residents.

"We're trying to be objective as Congress looks at the total food program, but
if they would have to cut somewhere, this would probably be the program they
would start with," said Laura Mauldin, the U.S. Department of Agriculture food
coordinator for Cobb Family Resources, which handles local distribution. "In
Cobb, though, I don't believe there would be hungry people, because there are
too many organizations that offer help and too many people who care."

Mauldin said her volunteers have served as many as 2,500 residents at past
distributions.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A surplus-food recipient gets help with paperwork from volunteer
Evelyn Walker / Joe McTyre / Staff Photo: A line forms at the Cobb Civic Center
for distribution of surplus dairy products and starches under a federal program.
/ Joe McTyre / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Enhanced budget allocation for incentivizing agriculture sector

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 27 -- While chairing first pre-budget consultative meeting with the
representatives of agricultural groups at National Capital, on 19th of November,
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely emphasized that in order to ensure future increase
in agriculture output and double farmers' income by 2022, focus should be on
higher agriculture productivity especially in view of the limitation on
expanding crop area. Apart from other deliberations, use of latest technologies,
high yielding and resistant crop varieties, revisiting incentive structure for
farming, reducing wastage, efficient utilization of water for irrigation,
phasing of sowing, watering and harvesting operations, using latest Information
Technology to increase resilience to agriculture and improvement in marketing of
farm produce remained the major issues discussed. Other suggestions included
announcement of awards for farmers who do new technological innovations in
agriculture sector and cold chain provision for horticulture and minor
vegetables.

There is nothing denying the fact that in order to increase the price benefits
to the farmers, it is necessary that the farmers be provided timely market
information. Promotion of market intelligence has today become a significant
thrust area to pave the way for achieving the target of doubling the farmers'
income on uninterrupted and sustained basis. In the state of Jammu & Kashmir,
the farm market infrastructure has not been developed to the extent it should
have been. Much budgetary allocations are needed to abridge this gulf and enable
the farmers to get reasonable prices of their produce.

The suggestion of developing software applications, both computer and mobile
based, to link farmers directly to consumers assumes immense significance in
today's technological era. This is of practical and paramount importance as
majority share of the farmers' income finds way into the pockets of the
middlemen who has nothing to do with the noble profession of farming but
actually mint out huge profits which actually farmers must gain but ironically
are deprived of. If farmers are directly linked with the customers, a major
issue of the farming community will automatically get solved. Farmers would
start harvesting the fruits of their produce in terms of monetary gains adding
to his income thereby realizing the objective of doubling farmers' income.

To enhance farmers' earning, it is imperative to improve marketing mechanism of
farm produce. System of temporary run procurement centers by the Department of
Agriculture Jammu in collaboration with Food Corporation of India is indeed a
noble initiative aimed at providing the marketing facilities to the farmers at
their doorsteps. These centers cover only major cereal crops i.e. rice and wheat
and; this year maize procurement centers has been opened at few places but the
biggest problem is their temporary setting without any proper infrastructure.
Budgetary allocations are direly needed for strengthening the temporary run
procurement centers to transform them into infrastructure and technology adorned
full-fledged permanent institutions so as to cater to the marketing needs of the
farmers. Minimization of middle men's involvement in sale of agriculture produce
especially vegetable crops through market interventions may help to promote
vegetable production and income supplementation of small and marginal farmers
Besides, enhancement of production of fruit and other allied crops is also
direly needed through requisite budgetary allocation with need based revisited
incentive modalities and structure.

Along with use of latest technology to raise productivity, need to revisit the
incentive structure of farming was also felt during the meeting. Application of
proven and advocated crop production, protection and management technologies
and; especially latest versions to enhance the crop productivity through time
tested and proven extension methodologies and approaches indeed is a landmark
discussion for furthering enhancement of the farmers' household income and
earnings. To bail out farmers from debt, higher allocation in budget was sought
and launching of new schemes was also thought over. Other suggestions included
making mandatory for Agriculture Universities to start Agriculture Marketing
Research Department and differential rates of interest for the agricultural
sector by the banks.

"For efficient implementation of the National Agriculture Market, there is need
to integrate the more than 550 regulated Mandis in the country by 2017 for which
the States need to reform the APMC Act", envisioned Finance Minister. It has
made us in J&K compulsory to think over APMC Act as we are still far away in
drafting or framing any section of Act to strengthen market legislature. If we
have to double farmers' income, the obvious thrust area would be either enacting
market legislature to adopt the provisions of AFMC Act in the state or to
develop sui-generous system for safeguarding the farmers' interests otherwise;
middle men's pendulum will keep on oscillating the margins of farmers' income.

(The Author is from KVK Doda, SKUAST Jammu)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Enhanced budget allocation for incentivizing agriculture sector

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 27 -- While chairing first pre-budget consultative meeting with the
representatives of agricultural groups at National Capital, on 19th of November,
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely emphasized that in order to ensure future increase
in agriculture output and double farmers' income by 2022, focus should be on
higher agriculture productivity especially in view of the limitation on
expanding crop area. Apart from other deliberations, use of latest technologies,
high yielding and resistant crop varieties, revisiting incentive structure for
farming, reducing wastage, efficient utilization of water for irrigation,
phasing of sowing, watering and harvesting operations, using latest Information
Technology to increase resilience to agriculture and improvement in marketing of
farm produce remained the major issues discussed. Other suggestions included
announcement of awards for farmers who do new technological innovations in
agriculture sector and cold chain provision for horticulture and minor
vegetables.

There is nothing denying the fact that in order to increase the price benefits
to the farmers, it is necessary that the farmers be provided timely market
information. Promotion of market intelligence has today become a significant
thrust area to pave the way for achieving the target of doubling the farmers'
income on uninterrupted and sustained basis. In the state of Jammu & Kashmir,
the farm market infrastructure has not been developed to the extent it should
have been. Much budgetary allocations are needed to abridge this gulf and enable
the farmers to get reasonable prices of their produce.

The suggestion of developing software applications, both computer and mobile
based, to link farmers directly to consumers assumes immense significance in
today's technological era. This is of practical and paramount importance as
majority share of the farmers' income finds way into the pockets of the
middlemen who has nothing to do with the noble profession of farming but
actually mint out huge profits which actually farmers must gain but ironically
are deprived of. If farmers are directly linked with the customers, a major
issue of the farming community will automatically get solved. Farmers would
start harvesting the fruits of their produce in terms of monetary gains adding
to his income thereby realizing the objective of doubling farmers' income.

To enhance farmers' earning, it is imperative to improve marketing mechanism of
farm produce. System of temporary run procurement centers by the Department of
Agriculture Jammu in collaboration with Food Corporation of India is indeed a
noble initiative aimed at providing the marketing facilities to the farmers at
their doorsteps. These centers cover only major cereal crops i.e. rice and wheat
and; this year maize procurement centers has been opened at few places but the
biggest problem is their temporary setting without any proper infrastructure.
Budgetary allocations are direly needed for strengthening the temporary run
procurement centers to transform them into infrastructure and technology adorned
full-fledged permanent institutions so as to cater to the marketing needs of the
farmers. Minimization of middle men's involvement in sale of agriculture produce
especially vegetable crops through market interventions may help to promote
vegetable production and income supplementation of small and marginal farmers
Besides, enhancement of production of fruit and other allied crops is also
direly needed through requisite budgetary allocation with need based revisited
incentive modalities and structure.

Along with use of latest technology to raise productivity, need to revisit the
incentive structure of farming was also felt during the meeting. Application of
proven and advocated crop production, protection and management technologies
and; especially latest versions to enhance the crop productivity through time
tested and proven extension methodologies and approaches indeed is a landmark
discussion for furthering enhancement of the farmers' household income and
earnings. To bail out farmers from debt, higher allocation in budget was sought
and launching of new schemes was also thought over. Other suggestions included
making mandatory for Agriculture Universities to start Agriculture Marketing
Research Department and differential rates of interest for the agricultural
sector by the banks.

"For efficient implementation of the National Agriculture Market, there is need
to integrate the more than 550 regulated Mandis in the country by 2017 for which
the States need to reform the APMC Act", envisioned Finance Minister. It has
made us in J&K compulsory to think over APMC Act as we are still far away in
drafting or framing any section of Act to strengthen market legislature. If we
have to double farmers' income, the obvious thrust area would be either enacting
market legislature to adopt the provisions of AFMC Act in the state or to
develop sui-generous system for safeguarding the farmers' interests otherwise;
middle men's pendulum will keep on oscillating the margins of farmers' income.

(The Author is from KVK Doda, SKUAST Jammu)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Enhanced budget allocation for incentivizing agriculture sector

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 27 -- While chairing first pre-budget consultative meeting with the
representatives of agricultural groups at National Capital, on 19th of November,
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely emphasized that in order to ensure future increase
in agriculture output and double farmers' income by 2022, focus should be on
higher agriculture productivity especially in view of the limitation on
expanding crop area. Apart from other deliberations, use of latest technologies,
high yielding and resistant crop varieties, revisiting incentive structure for
farming, reducing wastage, efficient utilization of water for irrigation,
phasing of sowing, watering and harvesting operations, using latest Information
Technology to increase resilience to agriculture and improvement in marketing of
farm produce remained the major issues discussed. Other suggestions included
announcement of awards for farmers who do new technological innovations in
agriculture sector and cold chain provision for horticulture and minor
vegetables.

There is nothing denying the fact that in order to increase the price benefits
to the farmers, it is necessary that the farmers be provided timely market
information. Promotion of market intelligence has today become a significant
thrust area to pave the way for achieving the target of doubling the farmers'
income on uninterrupted and sustained basis. In the state of Jammu & Kashmir,
the farm market infrastructure has not been developed to the extent it should
have been. Much budgetary allocations are needed to abridge this gulf and enable
the farmers to get reasonable prices of their produce.

The suggestion of developing software applications, both computer and mobile
based, to link farmers directly to consumers assumes immense significance in
today's technological era. This is of practical and paramount importance as
majority share of the farmers' income finds way into the pockets of the
middlemen who has nothing to do with the noble profession of farming but
actually mint out huge profits which actually farmers must gain but ironically
are deprived of. If farmers are directly linked with the customers, a major
issue of the farming community will automatically get solved. Farmers would
start harvesting the fruits of their produce in terms of monetary gains adding
to his income thereby realizing the objective of doubling farmers' income.

To enhance farmers' earning, it is imperative to improve marketing mechanism of
farm produce. System of temporary run procurement centers by the Department of
Agriculture Jammu in collaboration with Food Corporation of India is indeed a
noble initiative aimed at providing the marketing facilities to the farmers at
their doorsteps. These centers cover only major cereal crops i.e. rice and wheat
and; this year maize procurement centers has been opened at few places but the
biggest problem is their temporary setting without any proper infrastructure.
Budgetary allocations are direly needed for strengthening the temporary run
procurement centers to transform them into infrastructure and technology adorned
full-fledged permanent institutions so as to cater to the marketing needs of the
farmers. Minimization of middle men's involvement in sale of agriculture produce
especially vegetable crops through market interventions may help to promote
vegetable production and income supplementation of small and marginal farmers
Besides, enhancement of production of fruit and other allied crops is also
direly needed through requisite budgetary allocation with need based revisited
incentive modalities and structure.

Along with use of latest technology to raise productivity, need to revisit the
incentive structure of farming was also felt during the meeting. Application of
proven and advocated crop production, protection and management technologies
and; especially latest versions to enhance the crop productivity through time
tested and proven extension methodologies and approaches indeed is a landmark
discussion for furthering enhancement of the farmers' household income and
earnings. To bail out farmers from debt, higher allocation in budget was sought
and launching of new schemes was also thought over. Other suggestions included
making mandatory for Agriculture Universities to start Agriculture Marketing
Research Department and differential rates of interest for the agricultural
sector by the banks.

"For efficient implementation of the National Agriculture Market, there is need
to integrate the more than 550 regulated Mandis in the country by 2017 for which
the States need to reform the APMC Act", envisioned Finance Minister. It has
made us in J&K compulsory to think over APMC Act as we are still far away in
drafting or framing any section of Act to strengthen market legislature. If we
have to double farmers' income, the obvious thrust area would be either enacting
market legislature to adopt the provisions of AFMC Act in the state or to
develop sui-generous system for safeguarding the farmers' interests otherwise;
middle men's pendulum will keep on oscillating the margins of farmers' income.

(The Author is from KVK Doda, SKUAST Jammu)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kashmir Times (India)

                           December 27, 2016 Tuesday

Enhanced budget allocation for incentivizing agriculture sector

LENGTH: 890 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Dec. 27 -- While chairing first pre-budget consultative meeting with the
representatives of agricultural groups at National Capital, on 19th of November,
Finance Minister Arun Jaitely emphasized that in order to ensure future increase
in agriculture output and double farmers' income by 2022, focus should be on
higher agriculture productivity especially in view of the limitation on
expanding crop area. Apart from other deliberations, use of latest technologies,
high yielding and resistant crop varieties, revisiting incentive structure for
farming, reducing wastage, efficient utilization of water for irrigation,
phasing of sowing, watering and harvesting operations, using latest Information
Technology to increase resilience to agriculture and improvement in marketing of
farm produce remained the major issues discussed. Other suggestions included
announcement of awards for farmers who do new technological innovations in
agriculture sector and cold chain provision for horticulture and minor
vegetables.

There is nothing denying the fact that in order to increase the price benefits
to the farmers, it is necessary that the farmers be provided timely market
information. Promotion of market intelligence has today become a significant
thrust area to pave the way for achieving the target of doubling the farmers'
income on uninterrupted and sustained basis. In the state of Jammu & Kashmir,
the farm market infrastructure has not been developed to the extent it should
have been. Much budgetary allocations are needed to abridge this gulf and enable
the farmers to get reasonable prices of their produce.

The suggestion of developing software applications, both computer and mobile
based, to link farmers directly to consumers assumes immense significance in
today's technological era. This is of practical and paramount importance as
majority share of the farmers' income finds way into the pockets of the
middlemen who has nothing to do with the noble profession of farming but
actually mint out huge profits which actually farmers must gain but ironically
are deprived of. If farmers are directly linked with the customers, a major
issue of the farming community will automatically get solved. Farmers would
start harvesting the fruits of their produce in terms of monetary gains adding
to his income thereby realizing the objective of doubling farmers' income.

To enhance farmers' earning, it is imperative to improve marketing mechanism of
farm produce. System of temporary run procurement centers by the Department of
Agriculture Jammu in collaboration with Food Corporation of India is indeed a
noble initiative aimed at providing the marketing facilities to the farmers at
their doorsteps. These centers cover only major cereal crops i.e. rice and wheat
and; this year maize procurement centers has been opened at few places but the
biggest problem is their temporary setting without any proper infrastructure.
Budgetary allocations are direly needed for strengthening the temporary run
procurement centers to transform them into infrastructure and technology adorned
full-fledged permanent institutions so as to cater to the marketing needs of the
farmers. Minimization of middle men's involvement in sale of agriculture produce
especially vegetable crops through market interventions may help to promote
vegetable production and income supplementation of small and marginal farmers
Besides, enhancement of production of fruit and other allied crops is also
direly needed through requisite budgetary allocation with need based revisited
incentive modalities and structure.

Along with use of latest technology to raise productivity, need to revisit the
incentive structure of farming was also felt during the meeting. Application of
proven and advocated crop production, protection and management technologies
and; especially latest versions to enhance the crop productivity through time
tested and proven extension methodologies and approaches indeed is a landmark
discussion for furthering enhancement of the farmers' household income and
earnings. To bail out farmers from debt, higher allocation in budget was sought
and launching of new schemes was also thought over. Other suggestions included
making mandatory for Agriculture Universities to start Agriculture Marketing
Research Department and differential rates of interest for the agricultural
sector by the banks.

"For efficient implementation of the National Agriculture Market, there is need
to integrate the more than 550 regulated Mandis in the country by 2017 for which
the States need to reform the APMC Act", envisioned Finance Minister. It has
made us in J&K compulsory to think over APMC Act as we are still far away in
drafting or framing any section of Act to strengthen market legislature. If we
have to double farmers' income, the obvious thrust area would be either enacting
market legislature to adopt the provisions of AFMC Act in the state or to
develop sui-generous system for safeguarding the farmers' interests otherwise;
middle men's pendulum will keep on oscillating the margins of farmers' income.

(The Author is from KVK Doda, SKUAST Jammu)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Kashmir Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Kashmir Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Greybull Standard (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 18, 2010

Agriculture in Big Horn County

BYLINE: by dallen smith

LENGTH: 481  words


This is agriculture week and my hat goes off to all the agriculture producers in
Big Horn County. Roughly 58 percent of the counties income comes from
agriculture. We have 621 farms in the county and crop sales make up $24.6
million, with livestock sales $27.2 million with a combined total of $51.8
million. We rank second in the state for sugar beet production, corn for silage
and colonies of bees. We rank third in the state for barley for grain, horses
and ponies and hogs and pigs. We have some great farmers in our county that work
hard to produce crops in this arid climate through the use of irrigation. We
also have many companies and co-ops that supply seed, fertilizer, fuel and other
necessary inputs that make agriculture production possible in this county.

Agriculture production has come a-long way in the last 100 years. Average corn
production in the United States in 1900 was 20 bushel to the acre. Today the
average corn production is 160 bushel to the acre and some producers in Iowa are
producing 300 bushel to the acre. This has come through many technologies
including cross breading of corn, fertilizer, Roundup Ready crops. Machinery has
also become more efficient. Agriculture on a whole has become more efficient
through the use of technology on one hand. Some livestock producers have become
more efficient through grazing crop aftermath and wintering on windrowed crops,
which you could call less technology. Ranchers and farmers are great at adopting
those technologies that will work on their operations. It is because of the good
farming and ranching practices of this country that we spend less of our
disposable income on food than any other country. Ten percent of our disposable
income goes for food while in third world countries like Indonesia spends 45
percent of their income on food.

Upcoming events

At 7 p.m. tonight (Thursday) there will be a meeting to discuss current
livestock issues. Also, Steve Paisley the Livestock Specialist from University
of Wyoming will be coming to demonstrate how to use CowBytes, a feedlot
balancing ration that he highly recommends for the use in feedlots.

National Ag week is this week March 14-20. Take the opportunity to thank an ag
producer you know. National Ag Day is March 20 so our annual Ag Expo will be
from 9 a.m. to noon this Friday for all third and fourth grade students at the
Basin Fairgrounds.

University of Wyoming Cooperative Extension Big Horn County is putting on an
Enterprise Budget Workshop for farmers and ranchers. John Hewett will be coming
from Laramie and bringing 10 laptops. There will be a short presentation and
then into work sessions on the computers doing the actual enterprise budgets.
The Workshop will be from. 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday, March 31, at the Big
Horn County Weed and Pest building 4782 Hwy 310, Greybull.

Call the Extension Office at 765-2868 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GYB

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2010 Greybull Standard


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Cattle sales expected to rebound in 2005: Agriculture Canada forecasts first
increase since mad cow disease devastated the industry

BYLINE: Gina Teel, CanWest News Service; with files from the Regina Leader-Post
and the Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 472  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY - Agriculture Canada is forecasting a major rebound in livestock
receipts for 2005, the first anticipated increase since mad cow disease gutted
the cattle industry in May 2003.

The 12-per-cent increase in national livestock receipts cited in the Agriculture
Canada 2005 Farm Income Forecast report released Thursday is based on increased
domestic slaughter capacity and the assumption that the U.S. border will open to
cattle March 7 as planned, said Rod Myer of Agriculture Canada.

Alberta, with the lion's share of Canada's cattle, will see the biggest
improvement in farm income levels in the country as a result, he said.

Nationally, net cash income is expected to plunge eight per cent.

Saskatchewan is set to reap the worst net farm income in the country this year.
Low world grain and oilseed prices and rising costs for fertilizer, machinery
and fuel should contribute to a realized net farm income in that province of
negative $486 million, lower than the negative $166 million currently forecast
for 2004, according to the report.

But in Alberta, net cash income is forecast to rise 19 per cent over 2004 to
$2.3 billion on the strength of a 26-per-cent jump in livestock receipts to $5.3
billion.

The forecast seems a bit lofty to Rob Somerville, a rancher near Endiang, Alta.

"I think they are optimistic, but I hope they're right," he said of the
federal-provincial outlook.

The forecast was completed prior to the recent announcement by the U.S.
Agriculture Department that it's delaying the resumption of trade in beef
products from older animals, which was to have started March 7.

However, Myer said it's doubtful the delay will have a significant impact on the
outlook for 2005 as the majority of value is in the live cattle trade.

The older cows that would have been processed will likely be bred instead,
resulting in a substantially larger calf crop to market in 2006, he added.

The 2005 outlook was released the same day as Statistics Canada's annual report
on livestock estimates.

The report reflected the impact of the mad cow crisis, noting cattle and beef
exports totalled $1.9 billion in 2004, less than half the value recorded in
2002.

The reduced export activity caused the national cattle herd balloon to a record
15.1 million head this January.

Myer said the outlook for Canada's crop receipts isn't as rosy as what's
forecast for livestock.

Crop receipts are expected to fall by six per cent to $13.6 billion, with the
biggest impacts felt on the Prairies where early frosts in 2004 reduced the
quality and quantity of grains and oilseeds, resulting in lower prices.

Nationally, direct program payments are forecast to fall 19 per cent as the BSE
recovery gets underway.

Still, at $4 billion, the total will be the third- highest amount on record,
behind the record $4.9 billion in 2004 and $4.8 billion in 2003.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Statement by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on 2013 Farm Income
Forecast

LENGTH: 207  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today issued the following statement on the
2013 farm income forecast from USDA's Economic Research Service:

"This week's forecast of a $6.8 billion increase in net farm income is a
testament to the resilience and productivity of U.S. farmers and ranchers, and a
further sign of the positive momentum they have achieved over the past five
years. A six percent increase in this key measure would be the second highest
inflation-adjusted amount since 1973, even as agriculture has worked hard to
recover from an historic drought and other disasters. I am confident that our
farmers and ranchers will continue to show the determination and innovation that
has been the hallmark of American agriculture for generations. To help continue
their strong momentum, producers and rural communities are counting on Congress
to provide a comprehensive, long-term Food, Farm and Jobs Bill that will lend
certainty to Federal farm policy - as well as passage of a commonsense
immigration reform measure to ensure a stable and dependable agricultural
workforce in the years to come."

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   November 4, 1998, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

Field of dreams grows into fallow future Farm income crisis spreads across
country

BYLINE: By Kevin Carmichael CANADIAN PRESS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA - Farmer Donnett Elder knows suffering, the kind wrought by drought,
disease and gyrating commodity markets.

When she began holding farm stress seminars in the 1980s, she listened to
anguished crop reports from despairing farmers, an ubiquitous hum like that
emanating from the power lines linking drought-stricken farms in southern
Saskatchewan.

Now, more than a decade later, with net farm income projected to be down at
least 35 per cent this year, that despair has returned.

Elder's farm distress hotline has never rung more than it has this fall.

"The fact that calls are up shows you where we are in agriculture," said Elder,
facing a $40,000 shortfall of her own in Fillmore, Sask. "The stress is really
there."

That stress will likely echo in an Ottawa boardroom today when Agriculture
Minister Lyle Vanclief meets with his provincial counterparts and farm leaders
to talk about the farm income crisis.

It's not only a Saskatchewan problem.

Elder's plight is being experienced to varying degrees by farmers from the
Annapolis Valley region of Nova Scotia to the Peace River district of British
Columbia. In the first six months of this year, farm cash receipts were down in
Nova Scotia, Ontario, Manitoba, Saskatchewan and Alberta.

Agriculture Canada hasn't released official projections for the rest of this
year, but the Canadian Federation of Agriculture estimates net income will
bottom out at just over $2 billion, down from $3.3 billion in 1997.

Farmers are stuck in the economic mire left by the wake of the Asian market
meltdown.

As Asians' incomes grew, so did their appetites for meat and pasta. Farmers
around the world expanded production to keep up with demand.

But when that demand disappeared last year, it left a glut of food on the
market. Prices tanked, farmers' profits with them. Wheat returns were down more
than 40 per cent during the first six months of the year, hog receipts were down
almost 19 per cent and barley was down almost 17 per cent.

The situation isn't likely to brighten soon. Brian White, head of market
analysis for the Canadian Wheat Board, doesn't expect prices to improve until
sometime in 2000.

The pressure will be on Vanclief to find some money in government coffers he
insists are no fuller than farmers' bank accounts.

Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's agriculture minister, said if farmers don't get
some immediate help, they're going to disappear from the land.

"In May of next year there's going to be a big problem because people who
haven't paid their bills fully who want to go back and get more fertilizer or
chemicals or seed are going to have great difficulty."

Vanclief has spent much of his time resisting that call as debate over farm
income heated up in the House of Commons in the past few weeks.

Opposition MPs have been demanding immediate action.

NDP leader Alexa McDonough wanted to know last week why the government seemed
content to leave farmers to fend for themselves while Washington managed to come
up with a $6 billion bail-out for American producers.

Vanclief attempted to deflect early criticism by calling Canada's farm income
support program one of the best in the world. It contributes about $600 million
annually to an RRSP-like savings program. The provinces pay out $400 million.
Farmers add about $600 million of their own.

But many farmers point out the federal and provincial governments have cut
agricultural support by 60 per cent since 1993.

Of more than $145 billion spent on agriculture by the 29 countries in the
Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, Canada accounts for only
2 per cent. The United States accounts for 16 per cent and the European Union 49
per cent.

Upshall says the subsidy gap is driving people off the farm.

"In Saskatchewan we have got $320 million missing in subsidies gone."

And without that money, Elder says the sequel to life on the farm in the '80s
will continue.

"There's lots of people scrambling to see what they can do about survival."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farm income plan has both pros, cons

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Kevin Hursh; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 666  words


Can the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization (CAIS) program be transformed
into something useful or does it need to be scrapped and replaced with something
totally different? The answer depends on who you ask.

CAIS is the mainstay of farm support programming. Its predecessors were CFIP
(Canadian Farm Income Program) and AIDA (Agriculture Income Disaster
Assistance).

AIDA dates all the way back to Lyle Vanclief's stint as agriculture minister.
Since then we've had Bob Speller, Andy Mitchell and now Chuck Strahl. Although
the acronyms have changed, the programs have operated on much the same premise.

Farm income is supposed to be stabilized based on 70 per cent of the previous
five-year margin. The concept assumes that producers can generally be profitable
based on the marketplace. The program is supposed to smooth out the big dips in
farm income.

Opponents say that with steadily declining returns, stabilizing income to a
declining margin doesn't make sense. Therein lies the problem.

Should governments let overall market forces dictate the shape and structure of
primary agriculture or should governments set up programs that give efficient
producers some certainty about their returns?

The latter is what the Americans have done by effectively setting floor prices
on the major grains. It comes with a big price tag and it produces market
distortions, but it certainly provides a great deal of financial stability and
predictability for producers.

In the U.S., the export market for grains and oilseeds isn't as important. A
large percentage of the production is consumed domestically. Everything from
livestock to ethanol benefits from the abundant supply of cheap grain.

In Canada, with most of our grains and oilseeds exported, big subsidies to
support production would help all the service industries from fertilizer
manufacturers to the railroads, but much of the benefit would be exported to
whoever buys our production at prices below the cost of production.

During the election campaign, the Conservatives said they would replace CAIS --
a popular position given the program is largely unpopular. Now, the provincial
agriculture ministers have convinced Strahl that a transformation of CAIS is
preferable.

That isn't sitting well with everyone in the Conservative party. Following
Strahl's change of heart, Saskatoon-Humboldt Conservative MP Brad Trost issued a
news release saying CAIS must be replaced by the end of 2006 with a more
responsive program.

Trost didn't mention the new stance of the agriculture minister, choosing
instead to quote from Stephen Harper's promises during the election campaign.

There are also mixed messages from accountants and farm financial advisers who
deal with CAIS applications each day. Some say CAIS generally works well for
farmers who have treated their operations as businesses. Farm support payments
in 2005 hit a record $4.9 billion and CAIS was a big part of that.

According to others, there's so much administration and confusion and so many
mistakes that CAIS isn't salvageable. In an effort to target the payments based
on the circumstances of individual producers, the program is cumbersome at best.

There are relatively easy steps that could be taken to make CAIS more responsive
and equitable. However, it would still be an income stabilization program and it
wouldn't cover much of the pain in the grains sector, where margins are being
steadily squeezed.

As ugly as CAIS is, before pulling the plug on it, it would be important to see
the details on any proposed replacement. Designing a program that works for
individual producers in all types of agriculture in all parts of the country is
not a simple task.

Plus, there would need to be the political will to spend billions of dollars
more each year. The Conservative election promise was an additional $500 million
a year -- peanuts compared to the ongoing shortfall in the grain industry.

Little wonder that Strahl is now talking about CAIS transformation rather than
replacement.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Japan Economic Journal

                                  July 2, 1988

Japanese farmers' total income up 2.2%

SECTION: FROM NIKKEI NEWSPAPERS; Economy, Gov't Policy; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 130 words


The total income of Japanese farmers in fiscal 1987 ended March 1988 increased
2.2% from a year earlier to an average Y7,106,000, but their agricultural income
dropped 7.1% to Y963,000 per household, the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry
and Fisheries reported on June 22.

The pace of the agricultural income decline was the sharpest in 10 years, with
the exception of fiscal 1980 when it dropped 15.5%.

Income from rice, accounting for more than 30% of farmers' agricultural income,
declined 12.7% from fiscal 1986, due mainly to the cut in the producer rice
price.

The increase in their total income was attributed to a 3.3% gain in their
non-agricultural business income and a 6.2% rise in other forms of income such
as pensions.

(The NIKKEI-M, June 23, P5)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1988 The Nihon Keizai Shimbun


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                                 July 30, 2008

Minister accused of being disingenuous on farmers' tax issue

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


The Minister for Agriculture has been described as 'disingenuous' on the
publication of farmers' income tax payments by Deputy Denis Naughten who says
the figures are grossly misleading.

Speaking in Ballaghaderreen, Deputy Naughten said: "Each year when farmers
incomes are published figures include both on farm and off farm income of the
farmer and their spouse, and the figures are published as farm household income.
And each year the Minister for Agriculture and the officials in the Department
trip over themselves to welcome the increased income coming into farmhouses
which in the vast majority of cases is as a result of the off farm element of
incomes.

"This strategy is used to cover over the real situation of many farms, in this
part of the country which are losing money, a fact ignored by Ministers for
Agriculture over the last 10 years," claimed Deputy Naughten.

"To add to this over the last number of years farm imput costs have risen
dramatically, along with the need for significant on farm investment as a result
of increasing red tape, while at the same time farm gate prices have fallen.

"When these facts are taken into account it is easy to explain why many farmers
have low or no tax bills," added deputy Naughten.

"If the Minister wanted to paint a balanced and fair picture, why did he not
publish the total household tax paid by farmers and their spouses? Why was
income tax figures, including the tax paid on all off-farm income, not
published?

"The picture being painted is misleading and the Agriculture Minister is being
disingenuous by not recognising that.

"It should also be pointed out that using income tax only as a measure of
farmers' contribution to the State fails to recognise other financial inputs
such as VAT, job creation and investment in capital projects. In fact the one
part of the construction industry that is still flat out is in the area of farm
building where there is a waiting list for new buildings for pollution control
and other environmental measures.

On that point, the Minister is going to face an issue here of farmers who can't
get their works completed on time because of these waiting lists and his
Department's inefficient processing of farm waste management scheme
applications," concluded Deputy Naughten.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Tracking income growth of Indian households

BYLINE: Rajesh Shukla,Adite Banerjie

LENGTH: 1031  words


During the past decade, in terms of growth in income, the bottom-of-the-pyramid
households at an all-India level-particularly those engaged in labour-have
benefited the most

Two and a half decades ago, India's policy makers embarked on a journey that
would lead the country towards economic liberalisation and development in the
belief that it would offer better opportunities for every family to grow its
income and lead more prosperous and fulfilled lives. While the outcomes of that
decision have been measured by economists in terms of GDP growth, there have
been few efforts to look at the impact on Indian households in terms of
well-being. Though consistent and reliable time-series data is difficult to come
by, the ICE 360o Study has been able to mine comparable data over the FY05 to
FY14 period (nearly a decade). Let's consider some of the findings to see how
the economic development story has panned out for households at different rungs
of the socio-economic ladder.

The number of households grew from 219.3 million to 270.1 million during the
decade and the average size of household declined a tad from 5.00 to 4.68
persons. During this period, among other demographics, there has been a dramatic
shift in the occupational structure of households, with a large number of
households no longer dependent on agriculture for their livelihood. The reasons
for this shift are not difficult to find-fragmented and marginal land holdings,
declining agricultural productivity, irregularity and uncertainty of income and
also the creation of alternative, non-farm sources such MNREGA are some of the
major compelling reasons.

Compared to 63.4 million households that earned a living from self-employment
based activities in agriculture in FY05, there were 57.4 million such households
in FY14. Simultaneously, households engaged in manual labour increased sharply
from 71.3 million to 90.3 million. There was also a significant rise in the
number of households that were self-employed in non-agriculture activities: from
37.4 million to 54.8 million.

The biggest impact of this change has been felt in rural India, where the number
of labour households has increased from 55.9 million to 69.5 million. Rural
households that eke out their livelihood from self-employment in
non-agricultural occupations increased from 17.2 million to 24.3 million. Though
there has been a small spurt in the number of salaried households too-thus
pointing to new employment opportunities in rural India-the fact remains that
for the vast majority of Indian households the source of income continues to be
irregular. Income instability continues to be quite the norm.

This further raises the question: how has occupation structure changed in rural
India over the past decade? It comes as no surprise that 97% of all agricultural
labour in India still resides in rural India. In FY14, nearly 41% of households
whose source of income were regular salaries/wages were to be found in rural
India (compared to 39% in FY05). The percentages for self-employed households in
non-agriculture sector were 46% and 44%, respectively. In terms of share of
incremental household income among the group, the share of self-employed, non-
agriculture group in the rural areas was nearly 42%. Similarly, nearly 35% of
incremental income for the salaried earners was cornered by rural households. It
is evident that during the last decade there hasn't been much of a change in
terms of the occupational structure of rural India and it is unlikely that any
major shift is likely to happen in the future. Though there will most likely be
growth in the quantum of income.

When it comes to material well-being of households, income equated to personal
disposable income of National Accounts (NAS) is perhaps the most significant
component. The good news is that during the past decade, in terms of growth in
income, the bottom-of-the-pyramid households at an all-India level-particularly
those engaged in labour-have benefited the most. This group, for instance,
nearly doubled its annual income from R104,458 (at 2013-14 prices) to R202,738
during the ten-year period. Income of rural households engaged in manual labour
jumped from R96,395 to R190,541. Their counterparts in urban areas saw an
increase of household income from R133,711 to R243,463.

How does this translate in terms of growth in personal disposable income across
all Indian households, and are there differences between rural and urban
households? Consider this: the growth rate for labour households was the highest
at 10.51%-the percentages for both rural and urban were at a similar level. The
next highest growth rate was for the self-employed in non-agriculture occupation
category at 7.79% (all-India level), 9.42% (for rural) and 6.92% (for urban).

Let's consider which among the occupation groups has gained the most during the
period. It emerges that in rural India, labour households have been the biggest
gainers. Their share in total incremental income was 34% (or R113,036 in
absolute terms) followed by the self-employed in non-agriculture group whose
share was 21% (or R202,425). In urban India, the biggest gainers were the
salaried whose share in incremental income was 43% (R260,078), followed by the
self-employed in non-agriculture group with 35% (R217,836).

Evidently, the last decade has lifted a large number of households above
grinding poverty. But this is only half the picture. 'Income growth' as an
indicator of well-being can is only one of the many indicators of development.
While better disposable income can help provide for some basic essentials of
good living, for a satisfactory state of well-being, there is an urgent need for
these households to have access to affordable public services like electricity,
water, education and healthcare. Given that the chief wage earners of nearly 40%
of rural households and 23% of urban ones are engaged as manual labour, policy
makers need to focus on how they can help this group to become value-added
service providers and give them a better chance at progress and prosperity.

Shukla is director and CEO, and Banerjie is consultant, People Research on
India's Consumer Economy (ICE 360o)

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 6, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Farmers demand action on Tory vows: 10,000 gather on Parliament Hill

BYLINE: Gina Teel, Calgary Herald; with files from The Canadian Press and
CanWest News Service

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 734  words


Standing among a throng of 10,000 loud and angry farmers on Parliament Hill
Wednesday, an official from Alberta's largest producer group used one word to
sum up the mood of the massive protest aimed at getting the new Conservative
government to deliver aid promised to cash-strapped farmers: frustration.

"Frustration in the fact that farmers here are looking for some leadership, and
that leadership has to come from the federal government," Rod Scarlett,
executive director of the Wild Rose Agriculture Producers, said in a telephone
interview.

The Solidarity Rally on Parliament Hill, which saw a convoy of tractors close
streets in downtown Ottawa, called for immediate government action to address
the farm-income crisis.

Among the issues is a Conservative pledge made during the federal election
campaign to add another $500 million to the agriculture budget and replace the
Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program.

However, on Wednesday, Federal Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl told farmers
when it comes to the stabilization program, they'll first have to persuade their
provincial governments to scrap it as Ottawa can't cancel the federal-provincial
program on its own.

"They need to bring pressure to bear on the provincial governments to tell them
that program is not working," Strahl said. "Let's get the next generation of
agriculture programs and let's do it now."

On the aid front, Strahl noted the Tory government has already sent out 73,000
cheques worth nearly $400 million to grain and oilseeds producers.

Strahl's comments on the income stabilization program didn't go over well with
Alberta Agriculture Minister Doug Horner.

Horner said it was made abundantly clear to Strahl at the recent federal,
provincial and territorial agriculture ministers meeting that they wanted the
stabilization program to stay and to work toward improving it.

"So to stand up now and say replace it sounds like politics," Horner said.

The problems with CAIS are not the principles or the program, but in its
administration, he said.

As such, Horner said it makes more sense to concentrate on making CAIS work, as
Alberta has done on its own, than to scrap it and start over -- a process he
said would take two to three years.

"I would rather that he (Strahl) put his energies into talking to us about
fixing it and about how we can get dollars into producers' hands right away than
to talk about replacing it. Replace it with what?" he said.

Lee Erickson, a grain and oilseeds producer south of Donalda, Alta., said he's
alarmed by Strahl's talk about getting rid of CAIS.

While CAIS has its problems, Erickson said he thinks the program is a good one
as it's tailored to meeting the needs of individual farms.

"I certainly don't want to see CAIS thrown out and have to start all over again;
that would be a huge mistake," he said.

MP Wayne Easter, agriculture critic for the official Opposition, called Strahl's
comments "one of the worst statements I've ever heard from a minister of
agriculture."

"Mr. Strahl, whether he likes it or not, is a minister of agriculture for all of
Canada, and he has a responsibility to show some leadership," Easter said.

He noted the $400 million mentioned by Strahl was money booked by the former
minister of finance, Ralph Goodale, for last year. Farmers are needing money for
this year, he said.

"So the money he's putting out is just inadequate, it doesn't do the job,
farmers need the money now, and what Mr. Strahl is trying to do is shift the
blame to somebody else," Easter said.

Prime Minister Stephen Harper on Wednesday reaffirmed his party's pledge to
increase funding to the agriculture sector, but offered no timeline.

Bob Friesen, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said farmers
can't wait for the budgetary process.

An immediate cash injection of $6.1 billion is needed, he said. Many farmers
don't know if they'll get enough credit to put in a crop this spring and are
still paying off last year's bills, Friesen said.

He added the rally is about much more than pushing the Conservative government
about that $500 million.

"Farmers are frustrated and desperate because they are coming out of the three
worst years in net income in history in Canada, competing against U.S. farmers
that are coming out of the three best years in net income in history," Friesen
said.

Canadian farmers, he said, "are absolutely desperate."

gteel@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Fred Chartrand, Canadian Press; Approximately 10,000 farmers
gathered on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Wednesday to seek action on the farm-
income crisis.;
Colour Photo: Rod MacIvor, CanWest News Service; Agriculture Minister Chuck
Strahl addresses farmers.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Oakland Tribune (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: East Bay: Grants awarded for low income healthy eating programs

BYLINE: Doug Oakley, The Oakland Tribune

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 196 words


April 02--The Ecology Center in Berkeley and Mandela Marketplace in Oakland
received grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to encourage low-income
residents receiving federal food assistance to eat more fruits and vegetables.

The department gave out $31 million to organizations nationwide to test
incentive strategies aimed at people in its Supplemental Nutritional Assistance
Program.

"Encouraging low-income families to put more healthy food in their grocery
baskets is part of USDA's ongoing commitment to improving the diet and health of
all Americans," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement.

The Ecology Center received $3.7 million for its Market Match program which
allows low-income people receiving federal food benefits to match dollar for
dollar their purchases of fruit and vegetables at farmers' markets.

Mandala Marketplace received $422,500. The program allows food benefit
recipients to get more out of their purchase of fruits and vegetables by adding
35 cents to each dollar.

___ (c)2015 The Oakland Tribune (Oakland, Calif.) Visit The Oakland Tribune
(Oakland, Calif.) at www.insidebayarea.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150402-OX-BRF-East-Bay-Grants-awarded-for-low-income
-healthy-eating-programs-0402-20150402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OX


                       Copyright 2015 The Oakland Tribune


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Experts concernned over decline in farmers' income

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 137

LENGTH: 443  words


Agriculture experts at a seminar held here expressed serious concern over
decline in farmers' income and less use of advanced technology that was
resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty in rural
areas.

World renowned agricultural Shaukat Khan who had been associated with World
Bank, USAID and other international institutions, in his key-note address,
cautioned that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on
country's overall economy.

The seminar organized by the Institution of Engineers Pakistan,
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEPRIC) was an interactive seminar, presided over
by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi.

Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice
Chancellor City University) also took part in the discussion, underlying the
need of paying greater attention to agriculture to get rid of poverty.

Shaukat while giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wideincome
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for developing
efficient crops' development system.

He deplored that currently about 40-year old tractor and cultivator agriculture
machinery is in use, which shows callousness at the level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and longterm measures to reduce income inequality and
poverty in rural regions.

He said they could overcome certain hurdles and anomalies by adopting
development plan at Union council's level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern.

Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved utmost priority in
policy-making. He hoped that in the coming budget pro-agriculture measures would
be taken to ensure country's better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals.

IPE, a body of seniors engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role
in the country's socioeconomic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

Corp to look after farmers' welfare

BYLINE: Prabin Kalita

SECTION: GUWAHATI

LENGTH: 312 words


Guwahati: Chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Friday declared the current year as
being the 'year of agriculture' and unveiled the state government's plans to set
up a farmers' development corporation with an allocation of Rs 1,000 crore,
which will used for taking up various farmer-oriented schemes.

Gogoi made these announcements during an interactive session with 100 farmers
from different parts of the state at his official residence here.

"My government has all along placed emphasis on the agriculture sector and has
taken up many schemes to raise the income of farmers. Ours is an agrarian
economy and the development of the state hinges on agriculture and allied
sectors. That is why our government has accorded top priority to the agriculture
sector and has taken up a slew of schemes towards this end," he said.

While declaring 2015 as being 'year of agriculture', he said the government has
put emphasis on farm mechanization. He said farmers have to adopt modern farming
to raise agricultural production and boost their income.

Gogoi said the government will provide assistance to farmers who have done
exceedingly well in their respective fields and asked the agriculture department
to make a list of 100 such farmers.

Speaking on the occasion, agriculture minister Rockybul Hussain said the thrust
of his department is on shifting from single to multiple cropping in a year to
augment the income of farmers.

Hussain said his department has already initiated the process for timely
distribution of potato seeds from October this year.

Listing the achievements on the agriculture front, Hussain added that the state
attained self-sufficiency in rice production in 2010 and has done well in
production of pulses.

The chief minister released a crop calendar where vital inputs are provided as
to what crops must be sowed throughout the year.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2013 Monday

WashingtonStatement by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on 2013 Farm Income
Forecast

LENGTH: 210  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today issued the following
statement on the 2013 farm income forecast from USDA's Economic Research
Service:

"This week's forecast of a $6.8 billion increase in net farm income is a
testament to the resilience and productivity of U.S. farmers and ranchers, and a
further sign of the positive momentum they have achieved over the past five
years. A six percent increase in this key measure would be the second highest
inflation-adjusted amount since 1973, even as agriculture has worked hard to
recover from an historic drought and other disasters. I am confident that our
farmers and ranchers will continue to show the determination and innovation that
has been the hallmark of American agriculture for generations. To help continue
their strong momentum, producers and rural communities are counting on Congress
to provide a comprehensive, long-term Food, Farm and Jobs Bill that will lend
certainty to Federal farm policy - as well as passage of a commonsense
immigration reform measure to ensure a stable and dependable agricultural
workforce in the years to come."

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    January 31, 2001 Wednesday Final Edition

Farm incomes to fall, but above five-year average: Forecast follows farmer
protest on Parliament Hill

SOURCE: CP

SECTION: Business; Pg. G2

LENGTH: 391 words

DATELINE: Ottawa

Farm incomes will be lower this year than last but still better than the average
for 1995-99, Agriculture Canada predicted Tuesday.

In its annual income forecast, the department said crop receipts should improve
this year but would be slightly below the 1995-99 five-year average. Hog and
cattle receipts are expected to be strong due to higher sales and prices.

Realized net income, which measures cash receipts as well as such things as
depreciation, is expected to be lower this year than last due mainly to lower
government support payments. It is forecast to be higher than the five-year
average recorded in 1995-99.

"While grain prices are showing marked improvement as world surpluses are
reduced, oilseed prices continue to be weak," the department said. "Crop
receipts are expected to increase in 2001 but to remain slightly below the
five-year average."

The forecast comes a day after farmers protested on Parliament Hill, saying
farmers will be forced off the land and demanding a national agriculture policy.

Farm leaders said less than half of a $1.67-billion disaster relief package
designed to offset falling commodity prices has flowed to producers. As of
mid-January, the federal-provincial Agriculture Income Disaster Assistance
(AIDA) program had paid out $805 million.

The program, designed to help farmers whose income fell more than 30 per cent
below a five-year average, was rated too slow and not reaching those most in
need.

THE ALBERTA PICTURE

Alberta Farm Financial Figures:

- Crop receipts totalled $2.19 billion in 2000, down six per cent from 1999. The
forecast for 2001 is $2.43 billion, up 11 per cent.

- Livestock receipts totalled $4.429 billion in 2000, up 12 per cent over '99.
The 2001 forecast is $4.61 billion, up four per cent.

- Net operating expenses were $5.8 billion in 2000, up six per cent over '99.
The outlook is for $6.06 billion in 2001, up five per cent.

- Net cash income was $1.53 billion in 2000, up 47 per cent over '99. The
forecast is $1.42 billion in 2001, down seven per cent.

- Total net income was $381 million in 2000, down 15 per cent over '99. It is
forecast to be $496 million in 2001, up 30 per cent.

SOURCES: historical data, Statistics Canada; forecast figures, Agriculture and
Agrifood Canada.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Soaring farm profits are 'bright spot' in economy

BYLINE: PAUL WALSH; DAVID SHAFFER; STAFF WRITERS, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 558 words



HIGHLIGHT: Agriculture rebounded sharply in Minnesota, but gains weren't evenly
spread.


Minnesota's farmers bounced back in a big way last year after a rough 2009, as a
strong harvest and higher prices drove farm incomes to more than triple.

A report Thursday found that median net farm income in the state jumped to
$119,116. That's up from $33,373 in 2009, when low profits in livestock and
higher production costs sapped farm incomes.

There were big variations in profits among the state's 81,000 farms, with hog
farmers bringing in four times as much as dairy farmers. But across all types of
farms, results were significantly improved from the previous year.

"Agriculture is one bright spot for the Minnesota economy," said Richard
Joerger, system director for agriculture and business at the Minnesota State
Colleges and Universities (MnSCU), which published the farm data with the
University of Minnesota.

Grain farmers did particularly well in the survey of about 2,500 farms, thanks
to a run-up in prices at year end. Their median net income increased to
$161,441, up from $60,128 in 2009, the analysis found.

Net farm income represents profits before living expenses, taxes, retirement and
business reinvestment.

Wayne Gerde, a part-time grain farmer near Nicollet, Minn., said the higher
grain prices were accompanied last year by good growing conditions.

"The weather has been pretty decent," Gerde said. "You got some normal rains
every 10 days or so."

Crop estimates put the state's corn production last year up 4 percent from 2009,
which was already a record year. It was also a record year in 2010 for soybeans,
according to data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Minnesota field
office.

Thursday's data showed the highest incomes for hog farms, which earned median
profits of more than $265,000 after a median loss of $73,000 in 2009. They
benefitted from a 26 percent increase in prices.

"People in the hog industry are finally starting to dig out from the red ink,"
Joerger said.

Milk farmers struggle

Dairy farms didn't fare as well. Median income rose, but only to $57,853. That
compared with just $2,000 in 2009. "Not too many families can live and pay taxes
and everything on $57,000," he said.

Greg Jans runs a 700-cow dairy operation with his son Joe on 600 acres in Grove
City, Minn., 80 miles west of the Twin Cities. In 2009, they had their worst
loss in 35 years of farming, Jans said, and 2010 was only slightly better.

"We can't take too many more so-so years," said Jans, who raises about half of
his feed, but has to purchase the rest.

Jans said he has never seen such volatile corn and milk prices. Double-digit
percentage shifts have become common.

"One day it looks promising, and the next day it looks like the world is
dropping out from beneath you," he said. "It drives you crazy."

Bob Lefebvre, executive director of the Minnesota Milk Producers Association,
said 2009 was the worst year ever for the dairy industry, with farmers losing
$300 to $500 per cow.

He said an uptick in milk prices late last year is the main reason 2010 wasn't a
repeat disaster.

The report analyzed results from 2,362 participants in the MnSCU farm business
management education programs and 97 members of the Southwest Minnesota Farm
Business Management Association. To download the statewide data, go to
www.finbin.umn.edu.

dshaffer@startribune.com - 612-673-7090

pwalsh@startribune.com - 612-673-4482

SEE MICROFILM / PDF FOR CHART

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                           December 2, 2004, Thursday

FARMS EARN POUNDS 8,650 A YR

SECTION: Ulster Edition; NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 98 words


NORTHERN Ireland farmers received almost twice as much in subsidies last year as
their farms generated in income, it was revealed yesterday.

But it doesn't mean they got huge subsidies - just that their earnings were very
low.

An average net farm income of just pounds 8,650 in the year to February was
reported by the Department of Agriculture in its annual farm incomes report.

And direct subsidies averaged pounds 15,600 per farm.

Ulster Farmers Union chief Campbell Tweed said: "It leaves farm businesses with
financial problems to cope with on a daily basis."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2004 MGN Ltd.


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

P-Noy not doing enough to boost agriculture sector'

BYLINE: Cai U. Ordinario

LENGTH: 686  words


The Aquino administration has failed miserably in its efforts to boost the
agriculture sector, registering one of the lowest average farm growths in almost
three decades.

At the Tapatan sa Aristocrat forum on Monday, former Agriculture Secretary
William Dar said in the five-and-a-half years of the Aquino administration, the
farm sector only posted a growth of 1.6 percent.

We grew more than 6 percent in terms of GDP, the whole country; but the growth
of agriculture has been very pathetic. Last year the growth was only 0.11
percent, and to look at the last five-and-a-half years, it has only grown an
average of 1.6 percent; so this is clearly a very dismal performance of this
administration in terms of agriculture, Dar said.

Dar added that in the post-Ferdinand E. Marcos period, agriculture growth
averaged 2.7 percent, significantly higher than the recent performance of the
sector.

He said agriculture growth averaged 1.8 percent under former President Corazon
C. Aquino; 0.8 percent under then-President Fidel V. Ramos; 6.5 percent under
former President Joseph E. Estrada; and 2.8 percent under former President
Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo.

The former agriculture secretary said every administration must aim to grow
agriculture by an average of 4 percent to increase the farm sector's
contribution to GDP.

Dar added that the sector used to account for around 20 percent of GDP. However,
in recent years, its contribution has declined to around 10 percent of GDP.

Nonetheless, Dar said if the sector's value addition to industry through food
manufacturing is given a boost, this would increase the sector's contribution by
15 percent to 20 percent.

With this, the total contribution of agriculture to the economy could be around
25 percent to 30 percent of GDP. Apart from growth, the farm sector accounts for
about a third of the country's poor. Dar said around 40 percent of farmers are
poor.

So clearly, he added, that focusing on the farm sector can help the next
administration make economic growth more inclusive.

Agriculture is really such a big sector not to be given priority by the
government, Dar said.

Apart from boosting the farm sector and lifting millions of farmers from
poverty, the next administration must also address inequalities in the tax
system.

Punongbayan and Araullo President and CEO Ma. Victoria Espano said the next
administration's economic agenda must include a comprehensive tax reform.

Espano said lowering income tax is not enough to make the tax system fair for
all Filipinos. There should be reforms made on the tax rate, tax brackets and
even exemptions to make the tax system more equitable.

The proposal that we hear is we should lower the tax of employees. Normally,
people would think if you have so many public services to finance, where will
the government get the funding? And that's why there's a lot of opposition from
the government whenever that proposal is raised. So we would always say we need
a comprehensive tax reform, Espano said. In a recent Senate Centennial Lecture
Series on Tuesday, experts from the Philippine Institute of Development Studies
(PIDS), Department of Finance and the Tax Management Association of the
Philippines agree that the country's tax system needs to be changed.

The country's personal income tax (Pit), specifically, has not been updated
since the 1997. This has resulted in what is called bracket creep, where low-
income taxpayers hurt more than their high-income counterparts. Bracket creep,
PIDS senior research fellow Rosario G. Manasan explained, has occurred because
of the nonindexation to inflation of Pit brackets.

This means that the coverage of each tax bracket does not take into
consideration the current value of the peso. Manasan said this presents a
problem because the current value of the Philippine peso, using the 2014
Consumer Price Index, is already less than half of its value in 1998.

This means that an annual income of P210,000 a year in 2014 is only equivalent
to P105,000 in 1998.

With this, taxpayers earning P210,000 should only be paying P15,500 worth of
tax, or 14.8 percent, instead of P40,000, or 19 percent.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Fast-moving consumer goods show slow growth

LENGTH: 533  words


The first half of 2013 was marked with a general slowdown for the major consumer
goods companies listed on the Karachi Stock Exchange (KSE) - an indication of a
general slowdown across the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) sector. With no
real growth in income from either rural or urban areas, analysts say the growth
in the FMCG sector will take a while to pick up pace.

Revenues of major FMCG companies listed on the KSE witnessed subdued growth in
the first half of the 2013. Engro Foods, one of the country's largest FMCG
companies, saw its revenues decline 4% year-on-year in the first half of 2013.
Nestle Pakistan - the Pakistani subsidiary of the world's largest foods and
consumer goods company - saw its revenues grow a meagre 3% in the period under
review.

Unilever Pakistan, the Anglo-Dutch foods and consumer goods giant, was better in
terms of revenue growth, which clocked in at 8.3% YoY, but the recently delisted
company termed the six-month period of 2013 to be a challenging one with the
prevailing energy crisis, adverse security environment, market closures and
dampened consumer demand.

"If one looks at the results of the FMCG sector for the first half of 2013, the
profits of most companies were driven mainly by high-margin products (core
margins) and not revenues," AKD Securities Deputy Head of Research Ayub Ansari
said. "Generally, there has been a slowdown in demand," Ansari added.

Explaining this, Ansari said the agriculture income and remittances were driving
the growth in the FMCG sector during the past five years. "Remittances in the
first half have remained flat while agriculture income has decreased," he said.
There has been some increase in crops prices, he said, but input cost -
fertiliser, oil and electricity for example - has gone up, reducing agriculture
income.

In addition to a general slowdown in the sector's growth, companies like Nestle
Pakistan and Engro Foods had problems with their distribution networks, Elixir
Securities Head of Research Azfar Naseem said while responding to a question -
another factor behind subdued revenue growth.

Naseem, however, also attributed the general slowdown mainly to the agriculture
income, which did not increase on a real basis.

"There was semi-urbanisation in rural areas for the past five years on the back
of higher agriculture income but that process is saturating now," Naseem said.
Explaining, he said that although there has been nominal growth in rural
sector's income but there is no real growth. The prices of wheat and cotton, two
major crops that drive agriculture income, have been stagnant, he said.

Additionally, he said, there was a decline of about 5% in the international
commodity prices during the first five months of 2013, which also affected
agriculture income.

Naseem further went on to say that it will take a couple of years for urban
income to revive. There is no development in urban areas as such, the banks and
other firms are not hiring either, he said. So the urban income is also not
growing on a real basis, he said.

"Although there is no data available on the real income growth, but it is safe
to say that consumer income didn't grow on real basis during the period," Naseem
said.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

LENGTH: 376  words


list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the No
1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily - Africa Weekly

                                February 3, 2015

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

LENGTH: 376  words


list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the No
1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1497


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                January 30, 1999

Brown makes trip north

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Agriculture, Pg.19

LENGTH: 162 words


AGRICULTURE Minister Nick Brown is to visit Scotland tomorrow.

Mr Brown - the first UK agriculture minister to travel north of the border since
Gillian Shephard - is guest at a dinner in Edinburgh to be hosted by Scottish
Secretary Donald Dewar at his official residence in Bute House.

He will join Mr Dewar and Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel in talks over
their meal with Scottish agriculture industry leaders on Common Agricultural
Policy reforms.

Discussions will form part of Mr Dewar's ongoing discussions with the industry
on CAP reform.

The Scottish Office said last night that a variety of other topics, including
farm income figures, may well be discussed.

Mr Brown, who promised to visit Scotland at the Oxford Farming Conference
earlier this month, is on Monday scheduled to make a number of visits in the
Borders.

He is expected to visit a farm, a distillery and a research institution.

The minister will return to London on Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Coveney welcomes 33% increase in farm production output

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 540 words


The CSO estimate of a 33.4% rise in operating surplus showed growth in
production levels across most agriculture sectors.

Mr Coveney said: "The increase in income was particularly strong in the cereals
sector where improved prices resulted in a 52.5% rise in the output value of the
sector."

The milk sector also enjoyed a good year, with output value up EUR 303.9 million
or 19.8% on 2010. Similarly, the livestock picture showed increases in output
value with cattle (16.7% or EUR 250.1m), pigs (16.1% or EUR 52.9m) and sheep
(9.4% or EUR 12.1m) all showing improvement.

Mr Coveney was also pleased to see a 5.6% increase in volume output in the
pigmeat sector, despite the challenges it has faced this year.

Total direct payments to the agriculture sector are expected to amount to about
EUR 1.94m, which includes payments under the Single Payment Scheme, the Area
Based Disadvantaged Compen-satory Allowance Scheme, REPS, forestry premiums,
disease compensation and other smaller schemes.

Mr Coveney noted the increase in input prices, which include a 22% increase in
feedstuff prices. Fertiliser prices also rose by 9.6%, and fertiliser volume was
down 8.3%.

"These input costs are likely to remain high given global trends and it is
important that such costs are recognised when producer prices are being
discussed," he said.

"2011 has been another excellent year for the sector and the outlook for 2012 is
undoubtedly posi-tive, with renewed strength in the sector leaving it well
placed to increase its already vital contribution to the country's economic
recovery."

Meanwhile, IFA president John Bryan also welcomed the statistics, but noted that
farm incomes remain well below the average industrial wage.

"The CSO's provisional output and income estimates for agriculture in 2011
reflect the growth in value of the agriculture sector and its important
contribution to the economic recovery, in particular its role in the rural
economy. However, it must be remembered that average farm incomes in 2011 will
still be only around EUR 23,000," he said.

"Direct payments represented over 70% of national farm income in 2011. This
highlights the importance of retaining the single farm payment and rural
development programmes in the CAP post-2013 to underpin farm incomes, production
and agri-food output. This will be the clear message for the EU Commissioner for
Agriculture Dacian Ciolos, when he attends the IFA's AGM in January."

Mr Bryan noted that over EUR 150m of the 2011 income figure comprised direct
payments that were due in 2010, but were not paid until early 2011. The real
increase in income at farm level in 2011 was therefore closer to 25%.

Another separate study in November, by Teagasc's Cathal O'Donoghue, noted that
the number of unviable farms has increased from less than a third to more than
40% from 2007 to 2010.

The Teagasc study also noted that while farm input costs over the period had
increased at the same rate as the level of inflation in the wider economy, farm
output prices rose at a noticeably slower rate.

Mr O'Donoghue noted that the ability of farming units to remain viable had been
seriously reduced by the economic downturn as farmers' options in terms of
finding alternative work had drastically reduced.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday

Coveney welcomes 33% increase in farm production output

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 540 words


The CSO estimate of a 33.4% rise in operating surplus showed growth in
production levels across most agriculture sectors.

Mr Coveney said: "The increase in income was particularly strong in the cereals
sector where improved prices resulted in a 52.5% rise in the output value of the
sector."

The milk sector also enjoyed a good year, with output value up EUR 303.9 million
or 19.8% on 2010. Similarly, the livestock picture showed increases in output
value with cattle (16.7% or EUR 250.1m), pigs (16.1% or EUR 52.9m) and sheep
(9.4% or EUR 12.1m) all showing improvement.

Mr Coveney was also pleased to see a 5.6% increase in volume output in the
pigmeat sector, despite the challenges it has faced this year.

Total direct payments to the agriculture sector are expected to amount to about
EUR 1.94m, which includes payments under the Single Payment Scheme, the Area
Based Disadvantaged Compen-satory Allowance Scheme, REPS, forestry premiums,
disease compensation and other smaller schemes.

Mr Coveney noted the increase in input prices, which include a 22% increase in
feedstuff prices. Fertiliser prices also rose by 9.6%, and fertiliser volume was
down 8.3%.

"These input costs are likely to remain high given global trends and it is
important that such costs are recognised when producer prices are being
discussed," he said.

"2011 has been another excellent year for the sector and the outlook for 2012 is
undoubtedly posi-tive, with renewed strength in the sector leaving it well
placed to increase its already vital contribution to the country's economic
recovery."

Meanwhile, IFA president John Bryan also welcomed the statistics, but noted that
farm incomes remain well below the average industrial wage.

"The CSO's provisional output and income estimates for agriculture in 2011
reflect the growth in value of the agriculture sector and its important
contribution to the economic recovery, in particular its role in the rural
economy. However, it must be remembered that average farm incomes in 2011 will
still be only around EUR 23,000," he said.

"Direct payments represented over 70% of national farm income in 2011. This
highlights the importance of retaining the single farm payment and rural
development programmes in the CAP post-2013 to underpin farm incomes, production
and agri-food output. This will be the clear message for the EU Commissioner for
Agriculture Dacian Ciolos, when he attends the IFA's AGM in January."

Mr Bryan noted that over EUR 150m of the 2011 income figure comprised direct
payments that were due in 2010, but were not paid until early 2011. The real
increase in income at farm level in 2011 was therefore closer to 25%.

Another separate study in November, by Teagasc's Cathal O'Donoghue, noted that
the number of unviable farms has increased from less than a third to more than
40% from 2007 to 2010.

The Teagasc study also noted that while farm input costs over the period had
increased at the same rate as the level of inflation in the wider economy, farm
output prices rose at a noticeably slower rate.

Mr O'Donoghue noted that the ability of farming units to remain viable had been
seriously reduced by the economic downturn as farmers' options in terms of
finding alternative work had drastically reduced.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     July 12, 1990, Thursday, DAILY EDITION

Farm incomes to fall 22% in '90

BYLINE: Alan Toulin

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: Ottawa,Ont.


  Farm incomes are expected to slide 22% this year even though farmers are on
their way to receiving record receipts of $19.8 billion for their products,
Agriculture Canada said yesterday in its second-quarter outlook.

The severe drop in farmers' incomes - to $3.1 billion from $4.1 billion in 1989
- is a result of a drop in direct government assistance, Agriculture Canada
reported. Absent from this year's picture of farm incomes are the drought
payments of nearly $1 billion that went to Western farmers last year.

Farm product receipts of $19.8 billion are $656 million more than last year's
receipts of $19.2 billion.

The biggest drop in farm incomes will continue to be in the three Prairie
provinces - Alberta, Saskatchewan and Manitoba - because of persistently low
world prices for grain. Worldwide grain prices have been adversely affected by
the continuing subsidy war between the U.S. and Europe.

Agricultural subsidies were a major issue at the Houston Group of Seven summit,
which concluded yesterday. The leaders' final communique pledged to deal with
subsidies during meetings of the General Agreement on Tariffs & Trade that begin
in Geneva later this month.

The Prairie provinces received the bulk of a special $500-million federal income
aid package earlier this spring. Economists with Agriculture Canada conceded
that falling incomes may prompt farmers to seek more income protection.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 Financial Post Ltd.


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           FICCI Studies and Surveys

                               November 27, 2014

Evaluation of the PPPIAD Project on Cotton: Public Private Partnership for
Integrated Agriculture Development (PPPIAD)

LENGTH: 508  words


Agriculture and allied activities supports more than 50% of the country's
population and accounts for 13.7% of gross domestic product (GDP) at constant
prices (2012-13). India ranks first in the world when it comes to production of
milk and pulses, second in rice, wheat, sugarcane, groundnut, fruits and
vegetables and cotton production. It is also a leading producer of spices and
plantation crops.



A number of private sector companies are active in agriculture and
agri-business, directly engaging with the farmers and improving their farm
incomes. While most of these initiatives are successful, they are limited to
specific geographical regions, crops and limited number of farmers. On the other
hand, the Government has increased funding to farmers through a variety of
schemes/subsidies for improving productivity/market linkages, etc.
Unfortunately, the outcomes do not commensurate with the quantum of Government
spending, mainly due to the limited extension capabilities leading to gaps in
execution, delivery and results.

The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) has been
working on devising policies and suggestions that contribute to increasing farm
income, productivity and global competitiveness of Indian agriculture. Over the
years, through its long standing collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture,
Government of India, FICCI has worked to promote public-private partnerships in
various parts of the agriculture value chain including warehousing, farm
mechanization, extension, secondary agriculture, risk management and
agri-marketing reforms. FICCI was instrumental in developing a policy framework
for public-private partnership for integrated agriculture development (PPPIAD)
jointly with the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India (GoI). The
Ministry issued the guidelines on August 14, 2012. The main objective of the
PPPIAD scheme was to facilitate large scale integrated projects led by private
sector in the agriculture and allied sectors, with a view to aggregating
farmers, creating critical rural infrastructure, introducing new technologies,
adding value and integrating the agricultural supply chain. The PPP model aims
to reduce the transaction costs and enhance the access to subsidies/schemes for
farmers through a facilitator i.e. the company and motivate them to build a
profitable/self-sustaining model for improving the entire supply chain. The
PPPIAD program embodies the following principles:

* Combine operational efficiencies of the private sector and the investment by
the public sector;

* Quantifiable outputs with defined timelines and strategies; and

* Move away from business as usual approach replacing traditional methods of
farming by modern and scientific methods.

FICCI is engaged with the Small Farmers Agri-Business Consortium (SFAC),
Government of India, for promoting the adoption of the guidelines. It is
involved in increasing the awareness amongst the private sector for PPPIAD.

Download PPPIAD gudielines - http://www.nhm.nic.in/Archive/PPPIAD-Brochure.pdf

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday

Low agricultural productivity detrimental to PHL economy

BYLINE: Leonardo A. Lanzona Jr

LENGTH: 922  words


ONE of the more prevalent features of growth is the movement of labor from
agriculture to other sectors, such as manufacturing and services. In the more
advanced economies, this transformation can be attributed to two factors.

First, agricultural products are believed to be nonresponsive to price and
income changes at a certain high level of income, hence resulting to a lower
share in the country's total output, as the economy grows. Workers are then
expected to transfer to the growing sectors. Second, since land is fixed but is
predominant in agriculture, labor absorption in this sector was limited,
resulting in lower employment share in the face of increased population. These
two factors will make it efficient for labor to move away from agriculture.

Efficiency would then be seen in the emergence of off-farm activities in rural
areas. Previously, most people had thought that rural off-farm employment is a
low productivity sector producing low-quality goods, expected to wither away as
a country develops and incomes rise. A corollary of this perspective is that the
government need not devote resources to promoting the sector, nor be concerned
about negative repercussions on the rural non-farm sector arising from
government policies directed at other objectives.

However, recent studies argue for paying greater attention to the non-farm
sector mainly because of the sector's perceived potential in absorbing a growing
rural labor force, in slowing rural-urban migration, in contributing to national
income growth and in promoting a more equitable distribution of income. In fact,
depending on their ability to link with other industries, rural non-farm firms
can be more productive than urban firms.

The expansion of the rural non-farm sector nevertheless hinges on agricultural
development for three main reasons. First, the labor productivity in agriculture
, measured in terms of output per worker, has increased to the extent that
laborers may now be released to other sectors without reducing its overall
production. In this case, those remaining in agriculture are able to produce
more presumably because of access to technology and human capital.

Second, assuming that there is agricultural growth, the savings generated from
farm activities will be large enough to create new activities, which may or may
not be related to agriculture. Third, increased agricultural productivity
creates a demand for non-farm products because of subsequent increases in
incomes. Thus, the crucial element is high agricultural labor productivity,
leading to savings and incomes and the movement of labor away from agriculture
forms part and parcel of the country's structural transformation.

Unfortunately, the case of the Philippines is different to this ideal scenario.
It is true the share of the agricultural sector to total output has declined
from 14 percent in 2011 to 10 percent in 2013 due to various reasons including
the overall increase in economic growth. And, for the same period, the share of
agriculture to total employment, indeed, decreased from 37 percent to 30
percent.

However, the problem is in agricultural productivity. The figure below shows my
calculations of labor productivity for all sectors in terms of real value of
output per worker. Note that labor productivity in agriculture remained largely
constant and significantly lower than the other sectors.

The observed decline in employment share combined with the low agricultural
labor productivity is detrimental to the economy for a number of reasons. First,
because agricultural productivity is low, the current economic growth, due in
part to the rise of the manufacturing sector, cannot be considered inclusive.
Manufacturing growth, while presumably providing benefits to the poor, may not
be particularly progressive in terms of its distributional effects. Rural
non-farm production, however, given low capital and land requirements, could be
potentially more accessible to the poor than the manufacturing activities found
mostly in more industrialized areas of the country.

Second, people, indeed, move out of agriculture toward rural off-farm
activities. However, because households lack savings, they do not engage in
modern, capital intensive types of technologies, such metal-working or machinery
repair shops, activities that have forward linkages with the other sectors in
the economy. Instead, they are involved in less productive sorts of activities,
such as retail and traditional forms businesses, such as household rice-milling,
which may eventually be crowded in the process of market integration. In the
end, such activities may not be sustainable.

Third, having no other options to raise incomes from agriculture, household
members may opt to migrate to other countries. Indeed, while these members may
not necessarily have reached higher levels of education, the members are highly
motivated individuals, willing to take risks in outside the country. Those
remaining in the farms and rural areas are often the less motivated and less
productive members of the households, leading to lower wages in the rural areas.
Because of this, despite the substantial remittances, migration can have
significant opportunity costs.

The main point is that, even as the country revives its manufacturing sector and
aims for higher growth rates, it cannot afford to ignore its agricultural
sector. Without raising agricultural productivity, much of its efforts in
achieving high growth rates will be unsustainable and, more important,
non-inclusive.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     July 6, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Economic Council's advice to farmers: Lower expectations

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 353 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - The federal government should help Prairie farmers learn to
live with lower expectations, says a report prepared for the Economic Council of
Canada.

Farmers' income and debt problems require a solution, but not one that will add
another layer of goverenment programs. Instead, policies should be streamlined
to better deal with problems, says the report, released yesterday.

The report suggests a number of areas for policy review, including payments to
farmers for not planting crops on some land and crop storage programs, as well
as an equity financing plan and measures to examine farm debt.

The study emphasizes that changes to programs should not raise farmers'
expectations that conditions are going to improve. In the past, this led to debt
and overproduction problems, it says.

The report, Canadian Agricultural Policy And Prairie Agriculture, was written by
economists Murray Fulton and Ken Rosaasen of the University of Saskatchewan and
Andrew Schmitz of the University of California. They argue that debt and income
problems of farmers must be addressed at the same time.

Debt problems

Easy credit available to farmers in the 1970s made farm debt problems worse, the
report says. Programs designed to open avenues of credit to farmers failed to
recognize the industry could be devastated by a downturn in the economy.

Government programs tried to improve farm incomes in the 1970s, but credit
policies introduced in the same period were harmful.

Income support programs and easy credit led farmers to conclude they could
continue to expand, despite plummeting commodity prices triggered by global
trade wars.

The government should ensure new polices do not encourage such action in the
future, the report suggests.

"Designing programs, such as credit, around the belief that a boom period lies
ahead, invites precisely the kind of crisis Prairie agriculture finds itself
in."

The report raises doubts that some exporting countries and the European
Community will agree to free trade in world agriculture. Canada would benefit
from such a system, it says.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                           November 29, 2002, Friday

FARMERS - POOR MEN OF EUROPE

BYLINE: Gemma Murray

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1,2

LENGTH: 507 words

HIGHLIGHT: DECLINE: UFU president John Gilliland blames Government and the
shopping chains


FARMERS in Northern Ireland are now the poor men of Europe, a report by the
Department of Agriculture has revealed.

Their incomes are now the lowest within the European Union - and the Ulster
Farmers Union, which is predicting a horrendous future for the industry, has
placed the blame on the Government and supermarket chains.

Their failure to act is driving farming families off the land at a record pace.

A Department of Agriculture report, published yesterday, said that incomes are
likely to be substantially lower this year compared to 2001 because of a sharp
fall in milk prices.

This contrasted sharply with the rest of the UK where there are predictions of a
nine per cent increase in farm incomes this year.

The UFU said plummeting incomes made Northern Ireland one of the most difficult
regions in Europe in which to sustain a farming business.

Last year, 1,300 farm businesses went to the wall in Northern Ireland and the
UFU warned that the latest figures highlighted the grave threat to the entire
industry.

UFU president John Gilliland said the prospect for the farming community was
horrendous.

"Seven years ago, our incomes were the second highest in Europe. Now we have the
lowest farm incomes and they are still in decline.

"The solutions remain with the UK Government, who must begin to play a positive
role in the Common Agriculture Policy, and the major supermarkets who must
recognise that the relentless downward pressure on food prices is driving
farming families off the land in Northern Ireland."

The UFU warned that the significant benefits provided to the local economy, the
rural community and the countryside by farming families would crumble if
positive action was not taken urgently to stop the rural exodus.

Parliamentary Under Secretary with responsibility for Agriculture and Rural
Development, Ian Pearson MP, last night told of his disappointment at the
Northern Ireland income information.

He said: "The fact that agricultural income is expected to have fallen quite
sharply in 2002 reflects poor prices - very poor in the case of milk.

"The adverse effect experienced by farmers in Northern Ireland throughout much
of the year will also have had an impact.

"Unlike the rest of the UK, which is forecast to have experienced a modest rise
in income in 2002, the Northern Ireland income decline comes after a significant
recovery in income in 2001. Nevertheless, it is still a disappointing result
which reinforces the need for all of us to continue to work to make the whole of
the industry as efficient and market-led as possible."

The Minister said earlier in the week he announced the Vision Action Plan which
he said sets out his departments response to the Vision Group's recommendations.

"This will address many of the challenges and opportunities which the agri-food
industry in facing in the coming years, and it will provide the industry with a
clear strategy to work towards a viable and sustainable agriculture sector for
the future."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Century Newspapers Limited


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                  East Edition

Farmers get financial relief: Agriculture Minister admits $1B aid package may
not be enough to avert third bad year

BYLINE: Joe Paraskevas, CanWest News Service

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 872  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA - The federal government's latest farm aid package might convince some
producers to remain on the land for one more season, but the future of Canadian
agriculture is just as uncertain as it was before yesterday's announcement of
nearly $1-billion in support, opposition politicians and industry observers
said.

While Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell barnstormed across three provinces to
outline how Ottawa will "begin delivering the money in April," his political
rivals, critical of the government's promptness in delivering aid in the past,
expressed their doubts.

Moreover, they were quick to add that the latest federal assistance ignored
questions about the long-term sustainability of agriculture in this country -- a
point Mr. Mitchell acknowledged.

"We've always treated agricultural problems as [issues that require] quick
band-aids," said Charlie Angus, the New Democratic Party's agriculture critic.
"We allow debt to accumulate, a crisis to happen, and then some money's thrown
at it."

Under the Farm Income Payment Program, Ottawa will make $841.5-million available
to eligible farmers.

More than half of the money is aimed at grain and oilseed producers, while about
18% of the funds are committed to people who raise cattle and other ruminants.

Cattle producers will also receive $155-million in payments based on their
inventory on Dec. 23, 2003, when a case of mad cow disease was announced in the
United States and traced to Canada.

The almost two-year battle to reopen trade markets since the first mad cow case
was found in Alberta in May, 2003, was one of several factors that led to
Ottawa's latest aid package, Mr. Mitchell's office said.

Other factors, such as widespread drought and a strong Canadian dollar, have led
to negative net farm income for the last two years.

As he travelled from southern Ontario to Saskatchewan and Manitoba to unveil the
new program, Mr. Mitchell pointed to the unprecedented twin years of negative
income as the reason the government felt it had to step in to help producers at
the outset of another growing season.

But Mr. Mitchell admitted even the millions of dollars promised might not be
enough to avert a third straight bad year.

"Two thousand five is likely to be the third consecutive year that such a
situation exists," Mr. Mitchell said.

The Minister also acknowledged the new aid program fell short of meeting
agriculture's long-term challenges.

Such challenges include marketing Canadian products abroad to consumers now wary
of the dangers of mad cow disease and increasingly concerned about the quality
-- and traceability -- of all food on their dinner tables.

"This is an important liquidity injection to the industry," Mr. Mitchell said of
the aid package in Guelph, Ont., "but in and of itself it is not the total
solution to the challenges that we face. It is absolutely essential that we
pursue transformative change in the agriculture industry."

Federal and provincial governments paid out $4.9-billion in aid to farmers
through agricultural programs in 2004, but Ottawa's critics complained
repeatedly that money didn't reach producers quickly enough, if at all.

"The program is really long on words but very short on details," said
Conservative agriculture critic Diane Finley, adding the use in the new aid
program of eligibility criteria from a past program meant nothing to grain
farmers to whom that previous program did not apply.

Ms. Finley said the aid to grain and oilseed farmers fell short of the
$300-million Ontario farmers have demanded and the $3-billion their counterparts
in the West have sought.

The Conservatives on the House of Commons agriculture committee have led an
effort to have the federal Auditor-General look into the speed and efficiency of
aid programs aimed at cattle farmers during the mad cow crisis.

But industry representatives generally applauded the federal government's latest
announcement, as they have its plans to increase domestic cattle slaughter and
processing capacity as a means of reducing the impact of the closure of the U.S.
border to Canadian cattle.

The potential crisis posed by negative farm incomes was too powerful to ignore,
agricultural economists said.

"We can't sustain negative income in perpetuity, and if all the people making
negative income stopped farming this year it would take a number of years to get
new owners and new systems in to manage that agricultural productive capacity,"
said Ellen Goddard, chairwoman of the Department of Rural Economy at the
University of Alberta.

"I think that's what [the federal government was] trying to avoid," she added.

"But I must admit, how they're going to decide on this transformation of
agriculture and manage it, I don't know."

The latest aid package received strong support in the federal Cabinet, Mr.
Mitchell's office said, but it also brushed aside suggestions the announcement's
timing was related to growing speculation in the media of a spring election.

Asked what the new program had to do with election rumours, Elizabeth Whiting,
Mr. Mitchell's press secretary said: "I would say very little.

"Most political parties are not looking to call an election any time soon.
There's a need for farmers now, so we're meeting that need with cash. Period."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Dean Bicknell, CanWest News Service; The Farm Income Payment Program will
make $841.5-million available to farmers, more than half of it aimed at grain
and oilseed producers, and cattle farmers affected by the mad cow crisis will
receive an additional $155-million.; Black & White
Photo: Andy Mitchell.; Black & White
Photo: Wheat.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           FICCI Studies and Surveys

                               November 27, 2014

Evaluation of the PPPIAD Project on Maize: Public Private Partnership for
Integrated Agriculture Development (PPPIAD)

LENGTH: 508  words


Background:

Agriculture and allied activities supports more than 50% of the country's
population and accounts for 13.7% of gross domestic product (GDP) at constant
prices (2012-13). India ranks first in the world when it comes to production of
milk and pulses, second in rice, wheat, sugarcane, groundnut, fruits and
vegetables and cotton production. It is also a leading producer of spices and
plantation crops.



A number of private sector companies are active in agriculture and
agri-business, directly engaging with the farmers and improving their farm
incomes. While most of these initiatives are successful, they are limited to
specific geographical regions, crops and limited number of farmers. On the other
hand, the Government has increased funding to farmers through a variety of
schemes/subsidies for improving productivity/market linkages, etc.
Unfortunately, the outcomes do not commensurate with the quantum of Government
spending, mainly due to the limited extension capabilities leading to gaps in
execution, delivery and results.

The Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) has been
working on devising policies and suggestions that contribute to increasing farm
income, productivity and global competitiveness of Indian agriculture. Over the
years, through its long standing collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture,
Government of India, FICCI has worked to promote public-private partnerships in
various parts of the agriculture value chain including warehousing, farm
mechanization, extension, secondary agriculture, risk management and
agri-marketing reforms. FICCI was instrumental in developing a policy framework
for public-private partnership for integrated agriculture development (PPPIAD)
jointly with the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India (GoI). The
Ministry issued the guidelines on August 14, 2012. The main objective of the
PPPIAD scheme was to facilitate large scale integrated projects led by private
sector in the agriculture and allied sectors, with a view to aggregating
farmers, creating critical rural infrastructure, introducing new technologies,
adding value and integrating the agricultural supply chain. The PPP model aims
to reduce the transaction costs and enhance the access to subsidies/schemes for
farmers through a facilitator i.e. the company and motivate them to build a
profitable/self-sustaining model for improving the entire supply chain. The
PPPIAD program embodies the following principles:

* Combine operational efficiencies of the private sector and the investment by
the public sector;

* Quantifiable outputs with defined timelines and strategies; and

* Move away from business as usual approach replacing traditional methods of
farming by modern and scientific methods.

FICCI is engaged with the Small Farmers Agri-Business Consortium (SFAC),
Government of India, for promoting the adoption of the guidelines. It is
involved in increasing the awareness amongst the private sector.

Download PPPIAD gudielines - http://www.nhm.nic.in/Archive/PPPIAD-Brochure.pdf

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                Copyright 2014 FICCI, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 29, 1999

Farmers' incomes crash

BYLINE: STUART MILLAR

SECTION: The Guardian Home Page; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 396 words


BRITISH farmers suffered the worst year in recent history in 1998 as incomes
plummeted by a third, according to official figures published yesterday.

A week after pig farmers marched through London to demand government help, the
Ministry of Agriculture released figures showing that they and other sectors of
the industry went into the red last year as the agriculture crisis deepened in
the wake of BSE scare and the ban on beef on the bone.

Worst hit were lowland beef and sheep farmers who suffered a fall of almost 400
per cent, according to the MAFF research which measures the incomes of farms as
businesses rather than the farmers' personal income. The other major casualties
were pig and poultry farms and mixed farms, which saw income fall by more than
170 per cent.

Dairy farm incomes dropped by more than 40 per cent, while in Scotland incomes
across the industry fell by 47 per cent - the worst in over a decade.

Nick Brown, the Agriculture Minister, blamed oversupply for a near-universal
collapse in product prices. "The fall in total income from farming reflects the
difficult times that some sectors of the industry are undergoing."

Ben Gill, president of the National Farmers' Union, said: "These statistics
paint an alarming but realistic picture of the appalling situation farmers up
and down the country have faced. No shadow of a doubt can exist in anyone's mind
as to the extent of the farming crisis."

According to NFU figures, farm incomes slumped by almost 50 per cent compared to
1997 - a real-terms decrease of 75 per cent in two years.

The Conservatives accused ministers of underestimating the scale of the crisis.
Alex Johnstone, Scottish Conservative agriculture spokesman, said: "This
projected level of income will be inadequate to sustain the industry through to
another year. The Government must accept responsibility for the consequences of
its own economic mismanagement."

But the Government and farmers' leaders believe that the situation is likely to
ease.

In November, MAFF announced a pounds 120 million aid package for UK farmers, and
is now in the process of major consultation exercises on reform of the Common
Agricultural Policy and the future of the industry.

The lifting of the European Union beef export ban and the downward movement in
interest rates and sterling will also help.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Wealthiest farmers could lose subsidies;
A proposed farm bill would cut off government help to farmers who have an
adjusted gross income of more than $200,000.

BYLINE: Brady Averill, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: Washington, D.C.


The Bush administration proposed Wednesday to end subsidies for thousands of the
country's wealthiest farmers.

Any farmer whose adjusted gross income is more than $200,000 a year would be
ineligible for commodity payments under President Bush's proposal for the 2007
farm bill. That's substantially lower than the current limit of $2.5 million and
would prevent 72,000 farmers who now receive subsidies from getting them,
officials estimated. That's 3.6 percent of the nation's farmers, but federal
officials couldn't say how many in each state would be affected.

Overall, the proposal would result in spending $10 billion less than the 2002
farm bill and make more money available to conservation and energy programs,
according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

"We ... took a reform-minded and fiscally responsible approach to making farm
policy more equitable, predictable and protected from challenge," said
Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns.

Most farm subsidies go to producers of corn, soybeans, wheat, rice and cotton.
Corn and soybeans are Minnesota's leading crops.

The new income cap would affect "those with larger outside incomes and what you
would call a significantly large farming operation," said Gene Hugoson,
commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Agriculture. "This is talking about
an income that's $200,000 still after all the expenses have been subtracted."

It's unclear how many farmers in Minnesota would be affected should the proposal
pass muster with lawmakers, but farm groups suggested the number would be high.

The plan received mixed reviews.

Ken Cook, president of Environmental Working Group, called the proposal a "flag
of reform." "This is not your grandfather's farm bill," he said. "I know there
are a lot of folks in the subsidy lobby that would have liked it to have been
more of the same."

Sen. Amy Klobuchar, D-Minn., who sits on the Senate agriculture committee,
expressed general disappointment, saying the proposal "fails to include a
permanent disaster assistance program and that is unacceptable."

Sen. Norm Coleman, R-Minn., who also sits on the committee, said there are "deep
cuts and harmful changes to every commodity under the Farm Bill safety net, as
well as to the Federal Crop Insurance Program, that would hurt Minnesota's rural
communities."

Brady Averill is a correspondent in the  Star Tribune Washington Bureau.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS



             The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise (Alma, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

Statement by U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack on 2013 Farm Income Forecast

BYLINE: The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 246  words


WASHINGTON, Feb. 11, 2013 - United States Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack
today issued the following statement about the 2013 farm income forecast from
USDA's Economic Research Service:

"Today's forecast for the strongest net farm income in four decades is another
positive testament to the resilience and productivity of U.S. farmers and
ranchers. American agriculture continues to endure an historic drought with
tremendous resolve, and last year was an important reminder of the need for a
strong safety net. The commitment of American producers to embrace innovation
and adapt to new challenges has helped fuel growth for American agriculture over
the past five years. I am also heartened that our farmers' keen business sense
is continuing the recent trend of strong farm finances, with farm equity set to
reach another record high in 2013. In the past year, President Obama and I have
ensured that USDA carried out every possible measure to support farmers and
ranchers in a tough, uncertain time. We know that today's positive economic
forecast is no signal to let up, especially with regard to providing smart and
defensible assistance for America's dairy and livestock producers who today do
not have access to a viable safety net. To help all farmers and ranchers
continue their efforts in the years ahead, and to ensure the certainty of a
strong safety net, it is critical that Congress act on a multiyear,
comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill as soon as possible."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAB

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
             Copyright 2013 The Wabaunsee County Signal-Enterprise


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Forecast dim for Sask. farmers

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 523  words


Saskatchewan farmers preparing to seed the 2010 crop are facing a projected
55-per-cent decline in their farm income this year, according to a recent
Agriculture Canada forecast.

Realized net farm income is expected to total $980 million, a steep drop from
the $2.2 billion in 2009, while still higher than the 2004-08 average of $660
million.

Greg Marshall, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan, said the size of the projected decline for 2010 is disheartening.

"It's unfortunate when we see numbers like this because it dampens enthusiasm
for the coming year," Marshall said.

"Last year's number was quite a bit higher (than the previous average) but when
you see a 55-per-cent drop, that's a cause for concern. When you look at the
other provinces, I guess we can be happy we're not in as dire shape as them."

The farm income projections, which were quietly released by Agriculture Canada
and posted online, indicate national net farm income is expected to total $291.5
million, a 91-per-cent drop from 2009.

Cattle and hog farms are expected to be particularly hard hit due in part to the
impact of U.S. meat labelling regulations and a high Canadian dollar. Grain and
oilseed prices are meanwhile down from the record levels seen in 2008.

The government report indicated that cattle farms are expected to lose an
average of $5,195 in 2010, compared to previous average net operating incomes of
about $11,000.

Alberta could see its realized net farm income -- which includes a farmer's cash
receipts and operating expenses, minus depreciation, plus income in kind -- drop
to minus $516 million. In Manitoba, realized net farm income is projected to be
$233 million, a decline of 57 per cent from 2009.

The numbers prompted the Canadian Federation of Agriculture (CFA) to question
the effectiveness of current farm safety net programs and reiterate a call for
additional government support to help farmers through the short-term.

In question period Monday, NDP Opposition Leader Dwain Lingenfelter charged that
the Saskatchewan Party government isn't helping by cutting nearly $100 million
in farm support from the recent provincial budget despite there being "a crisis
on the horizon."

But Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Bob Bjornerud said the amount of
provincial money budgeted for farm support programs is based on federal
government estimates of what will be required to pay farmers' claims, and
programs are not being cut.

Speaking later to reporters, Bjornerud said he acknowledges there concerns about
the effectiveness of AgriStability, especially when producers have had
subsequent difficult years. But he said it's hard to get the agreement among
provinces needed to make changes to the national program.

He also noted hog prices have recently improved, bettering the 2010 outlook,
while the recent rainy weather has helped conditions for spring seeding.

"Is there a magic button you can push either in the livestock sector or the
grain side because of low prices? It's not that easy (but) again we're just
putting the crop in right now," Bjornerud said. "I think there's some optimism
across the province."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2010 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   January 9, 1991, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

$100M plan will give help to farmers

BYLINE: Johanna Powell with files from Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: Edmonton,Alta.


  A farm income plan, to be announced as early as Friday, could provide
long-term financial security for Canada's crop farmers, but some say the deal
does little to solve their immediate financial crisis.

The plan has been in development for 13 months as part of Agriculture Minister
Don Mazankowski's agrifood review. The cost is estimated at $100 million.

In Saskatoon last weekend, Mazankowski and the agriculture ministers for
Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan agreed that the provinces will carry about
25% of the cost, while the federal government will pay 35% and producers will
pick up 40%.

''We would hope that the program design is good news to farmers - they helped
design it,'' Shirley McClellan, Alberta's associate minister of agriculture,
said yesterday.

Under the plan, which will be taken to the Alberta cabinet today, farmers will
be able to get crop insurance, with the added option of revenue protection based
on 70% of the 15-year average for grain prices.

Don Knoerr, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said the plan
does not solve the current cash shortage, which is now the major concern of crop
producers.

''There's been a lot of call from the farming community, including our members,
for some type of deficiency payment,'' Knoerr said.

McClellan said there will be further discussion of a deficiency payment, but the
agriculture ministers felt a permanent income plan took priority.

Knoerr said Ontario and Quebec are expected to participate in the new scheme,
though there will be no crop insurance in Ontario in the first year.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Daily Dispatch (South Africa)

                            August 7, 2013 Wednesday

Farm workers still live poorly

BYLINE: Shannon Sherry

SECTION: LABOUR

LENGTH: 423 words


By
 ABOUT 84% of South African households engaged in agriculture are headed by
people with incomes of less than R38400 a year  a Statistics South Africa survey
shows.


 Of the 2.9-million agricultural household heads  fewer than 58000 have incomes
of over R307200 a year and just over 8200 earn more than R1.2-million a year
according to the survey released on Monday.
 Almost 2800 of those in the high-earning category are from Gauteng. It is the
highest amount in this segment among the provinces, even though Gauteng (279000
agricultural households) ranks only a distant fourth behind KwaZulu-Natal
(717000)  the Eastern Cape (597000) and Limpopo (468000).
 The survey also found that almost 10300 (0.35%) of South Africa's agricultural
households are headed by children under 15 years of age.
 KwaZulu-Natal  with 4400  the Eastern Cape (2100) and Limpopo (1500) have the
most child-headed agricultural households.
 Women make up 48% of agricultural household heads in South Africa.
 In the Eastern Cape (55%)  KwaZulu-Natal (54%) and Limpopo (52%), woman-headed
households outnumber those headed by men.
 The Cape Town-based Institute for Poverty  Land and Agrarian Studies' Michael
Aliber said there are "few surprises" in the survey  but he added that although
agriculture is "important" to the vast majority of households surveyed  they "do
not rely principally on agriculture for their diets  and certainly not for
disposable income".
 "I think it is shocking there are so many child-headed households ...
especially since we promote agriculture as a partial remedy for vulnerability "
he said.
 "The fact that a large proportion of agricultural households have low incomes
is not a surprise.
 "Although some do derive significant incomes from agriculture  a larger number
are poor households for whom agriculture helps stave off levels of deprivation
that would be even worse otherwise " Aliber said.
 But he added that "subsistence production by its nature is not captured in the
usual measures of cash income  thus many are not as poor as the income figures
suggest - though by and large they are quite poor".
 Regarding rural access to water  the survey found that 20% of the households
nationally have no access to piped water  and a further 28% have piped water
only outside of their yards.
 In this respect again Gauteng and the Free State seem the best served.
 Most of the rural households use electricity for lighting and cooking  though
wood is also used to a great extent for cooking in KwaZulu-Natal  Limpopo and
the Eastern Cape.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             March 1, 1983 Tuesday

Meat talks   are skipped   by Whelan

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 212 words


Federal Minister of Agriculture Eugene Whelan will be conspicuous by his
 absence at today's meeting in Toronto of provincial agriculture ministers.

A spokesman said Mr. Whelan would be signing an agreement in Ottawa
 with the Province of Newfoundland and later attending a cabinet committee
 meeting to continue discussions of his red meat strategy that were broken
 off last week.

The spokesman said only that the Cabinet is discussing several options
 for the strategy.

David Surplis, special assistant to Ontario Agriculture Minister Dennis
 Timbrell, said the meeting will go ahead despite Mr. Whelan's absence. The
 10 provincial ministers will continue their discussion of income
 stabilization and decide whether to include the federal Government in
 their plans for further action.

The meeting was called by Mr. Timbrell, who wants to implement a
 national income stabilization plan to smooth out the income cycles so
 damaging to the industry. Under the program, participants would receive
 about 95 per cent of their expected income even if commodity prices fall.

Mr. Whelan has refused to discuss the matter, saying his proposed red
 meat strategy would solve the industry's problems.

Most cattle and hog producers favor stabilization over Mr. Whelan's
 supply management policies.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 21, 2012 Tuesday

For Canadian farmers, prosperous times predicted

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; BUSINESS TICKER / AGRICULTURE; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 376 words


Almost all Canadian farmers, from wheat growers to cattle ranchers to potato
producers, can look forward to good times for up to the next 10 years, according
to new government projections.

Agriculture Canada says by almost any measure, average farm income set new
records in 2011.

Net cash income - money available for everything from machinery replacement to
living expenses - is expected to total nearly $12-billion. That's a 24-per-cent
increase over 2010 and a whopping 47-per-cent increase over the five-year
average.

The lucrative harvest came even after an 8-per-cent increase in operating
expenses.

What's more, the horn of plenty included almost all agricultural sectors.

Grains and oilseeds farmers are expected to reap record net operating incomes 44
per cent higher than 2010. Incomes for hog producers should reach new highs,
driven by rebounding prices that have sent market receipts soaring 20 per cent.

Dairy income should be up 7 per cent over 2010. Poultry and egg producers expect
an average 21-per-cent increase. Potato farmers are looking at 20-per-cent
increases.

Only cattle producers faced a setback in 2011 over rising costs. However,
Agriculture Canada experts say that comes after several years of gradually
rising incomes. Cattle prices are expected to keep improving and Canadian herds
are gradually rebuilding.

Farmers will face challenges in the years to come, mostly from increasing
expenses.

Fertilizer costs are expected to rise "modestly," the report says. As well,
livestock producers are expected to face continually rising costs for feed, as
demand for grains drives up prices.

However, the report says the conditions that led to a profitable 2011 are likely
to stick around for a decade.

"Many of the factors that will influence farm income in 2011 and 2012 will
continue to be felt over the next 10 years," it says. "These include continued
increase in world demand for feed grains, a rising price of petroleum,
slow-moderate Canadian population growth, and a Canadian dollar near par with
the U.S. dollar."

The impact of a healthy agriculture isn't likely to have a big effect on
Canada's overall economy, experts said. They point out that agriculture only
accounts for about 3 per cent of Canadian GDP.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            September 5, 2004 Sunday

Study touts boost from agriculture; Researchers find that 420,000 jobs are
generated in Wisconsin

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Obituary; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 750 words


A new Wisconsin study reveals agriculture is even more important to our
communities than previously thought.

According to the University of Wisconsin Extension study released this summer,
agriculture generates $51.5 billion and 420,000 jobs in the state. Extension
community development specialist Steve Deller is the study's author. Deller is
an agricultural economics professor at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

"We needed factual, research-based information to clearly tell the story of
agriculture in Wisconsin," said Rick Klemme, program leader for agriculture and
natural resources at University of Wisconsin Extension.

State economic development officials usually cited figures that indicated
agriculture contributes about $40 billion to Wisconsin's economy.

A few of the study's findings:

* The direct economic effect of agriculture is $28.6 billion. This figure
represents the sales of all agricultural products.

* Sales of agricultural products create another $17.6 billion in
business-to-business purchases for items such as fuel, fertilizer, feed, farm
equipment, veterinary services and crop consultants. This business-to-business
activity then generates another $5.3 billion in economic activity, because
people who work in agriculture-related businesses spend their earnings.

* About one out of every eight Wisconsin residents, or 12.2 percent, works in a
job related to farming.

* Each new job in agriculture results in the creation of another 1.3 jobs.

* About 10 percent of Wisconsin's total income, or $16.8 billion, comes from
agriculture. This figure includes wages and salaries, benefits and profits of
farmers and workers in agriculture-related businesses.

* Each new dollar of agricultural income generates another $1.78 in state
income.

For more on the study, visit www.uwex.edu/ces/ag/wisag.

*

A Clayton County farm was one of nine Iowa farms recently recognized for
outstanding land stewardship.

Gary and Darlene Kregel were named 2004 regional soil conservationists by the
Iowa Farm Bureau and the Conservation Districts of Iowa.

The Iowa Farm Bureau is presenting the awards to the farmers for their ongoing
efforts in protecting the environment.

The cropland on the Kregel farm is treated with various conservation practices,
including contour strip cropping, terraces, no-till planting and crop rotation.
The dairy farmers operate 1,162 acres and also have installed grassed waterways
and terraces to rotational grazing and livestock waste storage.

"The no-till for me is a no-brainer," Kregel said. "It really helps build the
organic matter of the soil."

He said his cropland has been nearly 100 percent no-till for about five years.

"Farmers are the true stewards of the environment," said Rick Robinson, Iowa
Farm Bureau director of environmental affairs.

A state award-winner will be honored at the Conservation Districts of Iowa
annual meeting Nov. 17-18 in Marshalltown.

*

The U.S. Department of Agriculture issues another crop supply-and-demand report
Friday. [P]By now, though, it is no secret that farmers will harvest a huge corn
crop. Still, these reports influence the market, and therefore affect farmers'
incomes. So while they are running those combines across the fields, farmers
often ponder the accuracy of those government reports.

Sen. Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, asked Comptroller General David Walker for a Government
Accountability Office evaluation of the agriculture department reports. Harkin
cited numerous complaints by Iowa farmers that mistaken departmental forecasts
had cost them money in the commodity markets. Harkin is the ranking Democrat on
the Senate Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition and Forestry.

"It is absolutely essential farmers in Iowa and across the country have
confidence in USDA's public reports," Harkin said. "Farmers rely heavily on this
information in making decisions about marketing their crops."

Harkin noted that the agriculture department's own published statistics
acknowledge a pattern of providing estimates of ending stocks that was
consistently higher than the final figure for a marketing year. As a result,
farmers who sell a portion of their crops on forward contracts during such
periods, would consistently receive a lower price than would be justified based
on actual market conditions.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Experts at IEP's seminar express concern over decline in farmers' income

SECTION: Vol. 39 No. 137

LENGTH: 444  words


Agriculture experts at a seminar held here expressed serious concern over
decline in farmers' income and less use of advanced technology that was
resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty in rural
areas.

World renowned agricultural Shaukat Khan who had been associated with World
Bank, USAID and other international institutions, in his key-note address,
cautioned that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on
country's overall economy.

The seminar organized by the Institution of Engineers Pakistan,
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) was an interactive seminar, presided over
by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi. Prominent engineers
Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice Chancellor City University)
also took part in the discussion, underlying the need of paying greater
attention to agriculture to get rid of poverty.

Shaukat while giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for developing
efficient crops' development system.

He deplored that currently about 40-year old tractor and cultivator agriculture
machinery is in use, which shows callousness at the level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce income

inequality and poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome

certain hurdles and anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's
level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern.

Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved utmost priority in
policy-making. He hoped that in the coming budget pro-agriculture measures would
be taken to ensure country's better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals.

IPE, a body of seniors engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role
in the country's socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                              May 16, 2016 Monday

Experts at IEP's seminar express concern over decline in farmers' income

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 137

LENGTH: 444  words


Agriculture experts at a seminar held here expressed serious concern over
decline in farmers' income and less use of advanced technology that was
resulting in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty in rural
areas.

World renowned agricultural Shaukat Khan who had been associated with World
Bank, USAID and other international institutions, in his key-note address,
cautioned that the non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous impact on
country's overall economy.

The seminar organized by the Institution of Engineers Pakistan,
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) was an interactive seminar, presided over
by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq Qazi. Prominent engineers
Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah Shah (Vice Chancellor City University)
also took part in the discussion, underlying the need of paying greater
attention to agriculture to get rid of poverty.

Shaukat while giving detailed presentation on sustainable agriculture
development, major issues and problems related to it, stressed that wide-income
gap among bread-earners of rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum
extend in order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development of their
agriculture land.

He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public and private sectors
talked much but failed to deliver on the ground and achieving their stipulated
objectives. He also called for better use of modern technology for developing
efficient crops' development system.

He deplored that currently about 40-year old tractor and cultivator agriculture
machinery is in use, which shows callousness at the level of policy-makers.

He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce income

inequality and poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome

certain hurdles and anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's
level.

Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other sectors is also a
matter of serious concern.

Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved utmost priority in
policy-making. He hoped that in the coming budget pro-agriculture measures would
be taken to ensure country's better future.

Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue holding such events
to provide professional input to the government and other relevant institutions.
Such activities are also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and
knowledge of the seniors with young professionals.

IPE, a body of seniors engineers wish to play its positive and constructive role
in the country's socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               February 13, 1999

Farming recovery forecast by bank

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Agriculture: Farming, Pg.23

LENGTH: 94 words


THE outlook for farm incomes is set to improve for the first time in three years
- but specialist pig and smaller dairy farmers will continue to struggle in
1999, according to the latest forecast from Barclay's Agricultural Banking.

UK total farm income levels are expected to rise by between 9-12% in 1999, an
increase of GBP 200 million in the total income from farming for 1998.

The bank expects the recovery to continue in 2000, though the extent will depend
on the outcome of the Agenda 2000 negotiations to decide Europe's new Common
Agricultural Policy.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Don't expect too much of new farm safety net

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, Special to The Leader-Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Farming; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 674  words


The federal Conservatives are going to find farm safety nets to be a quagmire.
No matter what they do, they're going to be criticized. And farmers shouldn't
expect a miracle new program to solve all the woes in the industry.

The feds did earn some applause for their budget announcement that the CAIS
(Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization) program will be revamped for the
year ahead and then replaced with something more responsive.

The government seems to understand the need for improved inventory valuation
when trying to stabilize farm incomes. As it is now, any decline in value on
products like stored grain due to commodity price shifts is not adequately
addressed.

This is also an important issue for livestock producers. Problems with the
system of CAIS inventory valuation limited support to cattle producers during
the BSE crisis.

The Agriculture Department is also showing more common sense than usual by not
immediately pressing farmers to return CAIS overpayments. They will see if the
CAIS changes end up triggering healthier payments to producers before asking for
money back.

Beyond 2006, Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl is calling for a replacement of
CAIS -- some other program to stabilize income that would be combined with a
separate disaster component.

Hopefully, the feds are on the right track. There's certainly room for
improvement.

But when it's all said and done, these types of programs will not save
agriculture, particularly the grains and oilseeds sector, from the ongoing
malaise.

The budget has allocated $1.5 billion in new funding for agriculture this year
and there's a $500 million a year commitment of new money for subsequent years.

That may be enough for somewhat better income stabilization, but it isn't the
quantum leap in funding necessary to deliver the income support many farm groups
have been demanding.

For 2003, CAIS paid out nearly $1.5 billion to producers across the country.
Saskatchewan received more than any other province -- $473 million.

For 2004, payments totalled more than $1.2 billion with Saskatchewan receiving
$375 million.

That's significant support, but it pales in comparison to the decline in farm
income levels. It's also small compared with the support farm groups claim is
necessary.

APAS, the Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan, has been saying a
payment of $75 an acre is needed for producers in the province. That would be
$3.4 billion just in Saskatchewan -- seven to eight times what CAIS has been
delivering.

No matter what the government does, it won't come close to those sorts of
expectations within the current budget allocation.

That's why producers shouldn't have unrealistic expectations on the short-term
CAIS changes nor the longer-term CAIS replacement.

Hopefully, farm support can be more responsive, timely and bankable, but don't
expect a dramatic increase in the level of support given the budgetary
constraints.

In the end, the CAIS name may change, but the income support may be calculated
in much the same way.

Before there was CAIS, the previous programs of CFIP (Canadian Farm Income
Program) and AIDA (Agricultural Income Disaster Assistance) worked on much the
same premise.

Strahl could throw out the entire design and build something entirely new, but
that's easier said than done. Past experience suggests that new programs have a
lot of kinks that need to be worked out.

As producers, we should hope for the best and provide as much input as possible,
without relying on changes to farm safety nets to turn the industry around.
There has been no indication from the new government that they're prepared to
spend the kind of money allocated to agriculture in the U.S. system.

In fact, to his credit, Strahl has made it clear that while the Conservatives
may spend a bit more money than their predecessors and hopefully spend more
wisely, there will be no blank cheque for agriculture.

We should govern our farm businesses accordingly.

- Kevin Hursh is a consulting agrologist and farmer based in Saskatoon. He can
be reached at kevin@hursh.ca

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 5, 1983 Saturday

Independent income plan a possibility

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 426 words


Farmers and provincial governments may set up their own income
 stabilization plan if the federal Government does not provide one soon,
 says Ontario Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell.

"Everybody is fed up waiting for an answer" from federal Agriculture  Minister
Eugene Whelan, Mr. Timbrell told the Canadian Meat Council. "The  excuses are
wearing thin."     He also said he was satisfied with federal plans to revise
the Crow's  Nest Pass grain freight rates. "The one thing we were looking for
was a  change in the minimum compensatory rate for oilseeds and we're pleased to
see that it was included."     Quebec farmers are concerned they will face
strong competition from  western hog and cattle producers after the revision,
but Mr. Timbrell said  he views this as an opportunity for Ontario, not a
problem. He doubts that  Ontario will suffer any ill effects.

Referring to his proposal to stabilize farm income on a national basis,
 he said he met several of his counterparts in Western Canada last week and
 they agreed to move soon.
    "We need one last push on the federal Government. If we don't get a
 policy, we may have to take it upon ourselves. The danger is that the
 federal Government would find ways to throw a wrench in the works."
    Mr. Whelan has refused to discuss the matter until after he releases
 his red meat strategy. He has promised this policy for more than two
 years, but has given no details and no firm indication of when it will
 come down.

Mr. Timbrell has been pushing strongly for a nation-wide income plan
 for some months. He said the current federal plan does not cover some
 major commodities and the level and time of the payments are inadequate.

There are so many problems that all provinces but Newfoundland have
 introduced separate plans of their own, leading to a costly and
 inefficient patchwork that exacerbates the financial problems of the
 industry.

The provincial agriculture ministers met in Regina three months ago to
 find an alternative. Within hours, they agreed to support a nation-wide
 voluntary plan in which income support levels would be set and paid for
 equally by the federal and provincial governments and by participating
 producers.

Their plan would be supervised by a national income stabilization
 commission and offered to all farmers not covered by supply-management
 programs.

Mr. Timbrell said he supports supply management for commodity groups
 that prefer it, but he also wants to provide income support for the three-
 quarters of Canadian agricultural production not covered by these plans.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            February 25, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Solberg assails tax cuts as 'insult': Chinese-Canadians denounce budget as
racist

BYLINE: Joe Paraskevas, Tim Naumetz and Peter O'Neil, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 666  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA - From farmers angry about a lack of tax breaks to Chinese-Canadians who
denounced the federal budget's $25-million outlay to commemorate racist
incidents such as the Chinese head tax and the internment of Ukrainian-Canadians
during the First World War, the Liberal government came under fire from across
the political spectrum Thursday.

Conservative finance critic Monte Solberg called the tax cuts in the budget "an
insult."

The budget's gradual increase in the basic personal tax emption will give low-
income earners only a $16 break on their tax bill next year, said Solberg. "I
could spend that in a parking meter," said Solberg. "That is $1.25 a month. That
is like a down payment on a large coffee at Tim Hortons."

Alberta MP Myron Thompson suggested he will be among the Conservative MPs who
will be allowed to vote against the budget.

The Wild Rose MP said it contains no help for western farmers.

"That means in my riding that a bunch of people will have to go to the bank,
cough up their land and lose their property," said Thompson. "I cannot support a
budget that will not support my farmers."

The president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture acknowledged the budget
provided some help to farmers: expanding some cash advance programs, for
example, and urging the elimination of a deposit farmers had had to make to be
eligible for income stabilization.

But Bob Friesen joined delegates at the CFA's annual meeting in Ottawa in
expressing regret that neither Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell nor Finance
Minister Ralph Goodale -- a former agriculture minister -- had succeeded in
adding measures to the budget that would help farmers facing historic lows in
net income.

Worst farm income crisis

"I would have liked to have seen the finance minister, given his experience in
agriculture -- he is from Saskatchewan -- I would have liked to have seen him
acknowledge publicly that they recognize that the primary production sector is
in the worst farm income crisis it's ever been in," Friesen said.

Goodale should have "committed the government to do whatever it takes to make
sure that farmers make it through this crisis," Friesen added.

"Rural Canada doesn't exist," said the New Democratic Party's Charlie Angus,
when asked for his budget view. "Rural Canada's right off the map. Given the
magnitude of the crisis we've come through and given the fact that 2005 will be
the year of the bankruptcies because the equity's gone, farmers have used up
three generations of farm equity in the last two years."

Conservative agriculture critic Diane Finley's assessment of the budget was
equally scathing.

"Our farmers deserve more respect than this," Finley said in the House of
Commons. "Clearly the Liberal government does not value the contributions of
hardworking farm families. To put things in context, Ontario corn producers are
currently getting less money per tonne for their corn than the city of Toronto
is getting per tonne of garbage."

A group representing Chinese-Canadians also denounced the federal budget's
$25-million funding for "commemorative and educational initiatives that will
highlight the contributions that these groups have made to Canadian society" and
to "build better understanding" of Canadian diversity.

"It's inadequate. It doesn't address the needs of the families affected by the
head tax and the exclusion act," said Victor Wong, executive-director of the
Chinese Canadian National Council.

The budget committed the money for groups dealing with "troubling memories from
Canada's past (resulting from) events that occurred in Canadian history during
times of war, or as a result of immigration policies of the day."

An estimated 81,000 new arrivals from China paid roughly $23 million in punitive
taxes, ranging from $50 to $500 a person, between 1885 and 1923.

The federal government, which imposed and steadily increased the head tax to
discourage Chinese immigration, eventually passed in 1923 the so-called
exclusion act to prevent further immigration.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Canadian Press; BUDGET DEFENCE: Finance Minister Ralph Goodale, left,
watches while Prime Minister Paul Martin defends the federal budget during
Question Period in the House of Commons Thursday in Ottawa.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                           December 3, 1998, Thursday

HILL FARMERS SUFFER INCOMES AS LOW AS POUNDS 2,400, SAYS MAFF

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 514 words


Farm income figures released this week record the financial collapse of the
agricultural industry over the past two years, said the NFU.

Meanwhile, the Ministry of Agriculture has revealed that hill farm incomes are
at their lowest since figures began, some as low as pounds 2,400.

The level of real farm incomes have halved for the second year running.

NFU forecasts say farm incomes have fallen by 51 per cent in 1998 compared to
their level in 1997.

This means that over the past two years the income of the industry has slumped
by 75 per cent.

Agriculture Minister Mr Nick Brown said the forecasts reflected the difficult
times some sectors of the farming industry were undergoing.

He blamed the fall on lower prices for most major farm commodities, but
recognised that the strength of the green pound, the unit in which EU guaranteed
prices are calculated, was a factor.

Final figures for farm incomes will be published by the Ministry at the end of
January. The decrease is due to significant falls in farm gate prices over the
past 12 months, with virtually every sector affected. The value of agricultural
output fromthe industry has now fallen by over pounds 3.5billion over the past
two years.

NFU East Midlands director, Mr Jack Ward, said: "The prices many producers are
receiving for their commodities are below the economic cost of production. This
is not a sustainable situation for agriculture.

"Farmers will need to work carefully with the Government and other sectors of
the food industry to address the problem and regain some of the pounds
3.5billion lost over the last few years" he said.

NFU President Mr Ben Gill said the statistics painted a disturbing picture of
the economic upheaval under which farmers had struggled.

The Ministry of Agriculture said the hill farming figures were the most
disastrous since the independent Farm Business Survey started in 1984.

They demonstrated how critical the Government's aid package was for farmers,
said Mr Gill.

The forecast of net farm incomes in less favoured areas showed that average
1998-99 farm incomes had dropped by 67 per cent on the previous year.

The average income for such farms was just pounds 2,400 compared with pounds
13,800 in 1996-7.

It meant that, over the last two years, the average real incomes of farmers in
the upland regions of Britain had fallen to only 16 per cent of their value
before the BSE crisis.

Mr Gill said: "It comes as no surprise to know so many hill farmers have been
living in this hardship. But the Government has confirmed the situation which
the NFU has been highlighting for many months.

"It proves beyond a shadow of doubt that the Government's recent aid package for
hill farmers - the result of intensive lobbying by the NFU - was extremely
necessary and timely, and will have prevented many farm businesses from folding.

"The recent lifting of the beef export ban must also be a real sense of hope for
hill farmers, with cattle the staple source of income for many. The future can
only be brighter."

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1998 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            December 20, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Farm subsidy system needs to be revamped; Money goes to producers at expense of
processors

BYLINE: Joe Rosario, Freelance

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1013  words


Every few years, governments undertake reviews of their agricultural policies.
In the U.S. and Canada, this process occurs every five years. Almost inevitably
the exercise is confined to the primary agriculture sector, while the food
manufacturing sector -- which is vital to the growth and development of primary
agriculture and has growing implications from a public policy perspective -- is
given short shrift. Given the importance of agriculture and food processing in
the diversification of the Alberta economy, these occasions provide an
opportunity to address long-standing policy obstructions.

Reviews of agriculture policy are driven by different factors. Traditional
considerations of farm income, rural development, alleged lower income levels in
the farm sector and rural areas compared to urban areas, maintenance of the
"family farm" and, more recently, environment, food safety and health, and
alternate energy have received some attention. But one perennial driver never
enunciated is politics and the perceived influence of the agriculture/ rural
vote.

Almost inevitably, three quarters or more of the policy and its reviews, and
most of the associated money, deal with "assistance to farmers." The word
"subsidy" is anathema in any public discourse. A whole set of substitute
language is employed: safety net, income support, income stability, risk
management and "producer support equivalent."

In Canada, government is currently gearing up to look at what policy should be
when the Growing Forward Policy Framework ends in 2012-13. The issue of farm
subsidies dominates both policy and finance in Canada, but Growing Forward did
initiate discussions on a number of policy issues aimed toward innovation and
competitiveness of the agriculture and agri-food sector: sectoral adjustment,
environment, innovation and regulation.

All of these clearly needed attention. The subsidies, dubbed "business risk
management" (BRM), were also redirected toward more targeted, specific outcomes
related to farm income stability and profitability, insurance and savings for
investment and risk of disasters such as droughts, floods and diseases. There
was no attempt at reducing these subsidies, but a consultation process,
dominated by the primary agriculture organizations, will be rolled out over the
next year or two to develop the successor to the Growing Forward program.

The sordid tale of agricultural subsidies is old hat. It has pitted one advanced
economy against another; it has ground the Doha trade negotiations to a
stalemate; and it is the bane of any trade negotiations. There is ample evidence
that such subsidization is a major source of economic distortion, and it has
some fairly adverse effects on the growth and competitiveness of the industry in
the long run.

The latest data compiled by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development show that annual producer support for agriculture in Canada rose
from $6.2 billion US in 1986-88 to $7.8 billion in 2009, an increase of 26 per
cent. In Canada, grains, oilseeds and the red meats sector are the main
beneficiaries of such subsidies. The dairy, poultry and eggs industry, now
protected by ridiculously high tariffs, benefit from managed prices which, in
effect, were a direct transfer of money from consumers to producers. The OECD's
Consumer Support Estimate for these commodities has increased from $3 billion in
1986-88 to $5.1 billion, a rise of 70 per cent. At the same time, support for
research and development, infrastructure, and activities like market development
have declined.

The new review would miss the boat if the economic data and analysis undertaken
by its own departments were once again ignored by the government to satisfy a
political agenda based on the mythical influence of the "farm vote."

Agriculture and Agri-food Canada state that in the 2008-2009 fiscal year,
government support was estimated at 30.6 per cent of agriculture and agri-food
sector GDP. OECD data show that only 26 per cent of the subsidy up in farm
income. In the case of market price support, it is only 23 per cent. The rest is
leaked along the supply chain.

Income data show that the 3.2 per cent of farms have sales of $1 million or more
yet received 20 per cent of the subsidy. Over a third of the subsidies went to
approximately 15 per cent of farms with gross revenue of over $500,000. The bulk
of Canadian farms accounted for less than 16 per cent of net operating income
and benefited from only 42 per cent of the subsidies.

Dependency on government assistance tends to be taken for granted. In Canada,
the introduction of supply management in the dairy, poultry and egg sectors gave
quota values to an otherwise free allocation. These values have now escalated to
the point where no government can afford to end the quota system with a buyout.
Supply management has not only created a non-competitive primary sector but has
retarded the growth and development of the value-added food industry in Canada.
Its political clout is second to none.

The current review provides many opportunities.

First, farm income and subsidies should be based on data from the government's
own internal sources. These provide a wealth of information and facts, rather
than preconceived myths, on which to base taxpayer expenditures over decades.

Second, the review provides a chance to advance the competitiveness of the
entire industry through a consultation process that goes beyond the vested
interests of some farm organizations.

Third, there is an opportunity to address some real long-standing policy
obstructions such as the monopoly of the Canadian Wheat Board and the
embarrassment and obstruction of supply management in trade policy and growth of
the value-added industry.

Finally, and most importantly, it provides an opportunity to make better use of
tax dollars to strengthen and grow Canada's agriculture and food industry.

Joe Rosario is a senior economist with the Western Centre for Economic Research,
in the U of A's Alberta School of Business. He is a former senior policy adviser
for Alberta Agriculture.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            December 12, 2010 Sunday

RGST to put country on growth track: FBR

LENGTH: 875  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Dec. 12 -- Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) on Saturday informed the
legislators that the Reformed General Sales Tax (RGST) is the only way forward
for the country?s economy ? if this tax is not imposed, the government would be
left with no option but to borrow more from the State Bank of Pakistan, which
would cause more inflation than the inflationary impact caused by RGST.

?RGST would be a good substitute for income tax and agriculture income tax ?
which would help track real turnover of the businesses through documentation and
determination of real income and increase direct taxation in the country,? said
Iftikhar Qutub, Chief General Sales Tax FBR while speaking at National Assembly
Standing Committee on Agriculture. ?Although there is a strong political
reaction and there are also apprehensions in the general public. The country has
already missed the golden opportunity in 1990, so the nation should not miss the
opportunity in 2010 for documentation of economy and increasing tax-to-GST ratio
and achieve self-reliance through RGST,? he said.

Iftikhar informed the committee that there would be an inflationary impact due
to withdrawal of exemption on some sectors. However, due to reduction in the
rate of RGST from 17%-26% to a standard rate of 15%, it would cause a loss of Rs
90 billion but would also help realise additional revenue to the tune of Rs 20
billion to Rs 22 billion in remaining six months of the current fiscal year
2010-11.

RGST would help reduce prices of a large number of products that would help
offset the inflationary impact of RGST.

He informed that there would be no multiplier effect of RGST on prices and
reduction in standard rate would neutralise inflationary impact if any due to
RGST. He also requested that legislators accept RGST on agriculture inputs,
which would help realise huge resources and enable the government to allocate
higher agriculture subsidies on targeted basis for its promotion.

He informed that studies on inflationary impact of RGST on agriculture and other
sectors are underway and would be completed soon, however, there would be a
hardly 1% to 1.5% inflationary impact. He informed the members that RGST on
electricity, POL products, gas and packing materials of the agriculture sector
as well as other sectors of industry would come down from 17% to just 15% and
would reduce the cost of production of fertiliser, pesticides and processing of
agriculture produce.

He said RGST would not help generate huge revenues overnight ? it would take
three to five years to complete enforcement and documentation of economy is the
prime target that would also help change the taxation system on equitable basis.
He disclosed to the legislators that ?now the world community and lending
institutions are also pointing fingers on us and asking us to put some burden on
our own taxpayers instead of their taxpayers.?

He said that mix in GDP is changing, manufacturing and servicing sectors are
growing, and contributions of agriculture sector are reducing. Services being
provincial tax are being negotiated with the provinces and after imposition of
RGST on services by the provinces federal excise duty on services to be
eliminated totally.

Iftikhar Qutub further informed the committee under the present GST regime,
agriculture sector has been enjoying multiple exemptions and zero rating booth
on inputs and out put tax. He said that under the proposed RGST following zero
rating and exemptions relating to agriculture sector are being withdrawn
including unprocessed agriculture produce, edible fruits, seeds, fruits and
spores of a kind used for sowing, agriculture machinery, equipments, red
chilies, ginger, turmeric sugar cane, sugar beet, ware potatoes, onions,
fertilizers, pesticides and their ingredients, poultry and cattle feed including
their ingredients.

He also informed that GST zero-rating of the following sectors is being
withdrawn, milk including flavored milk, yogurt, cheeses, butter, cream, desi
ghee and whey, preparations of infants use put up for retail sale, cotton seeds,
oil cake and their solid residuals, soybean meal, road tractors for semi
trailers, prime movers, and road tractors for trailers whether in CBU condition
or in kit form, raw materials, components, sub-components and parts of tractors.

He informed the committee due to the ever-expanding concessions and departure
from internationally accepted norms of value added taxation; the existing sales
tax system is suffering from numerous distortions with the result that Pakistan
has failed to broaden the tax base and increase in tax-to-GDT ratio. Under the
proposed RGST Bill 2010, an attempt is being made to curtail unnecessary
exemptions and create equity amongst different sectors of the economy by
applying a uniform rate of 15% RGST instead of 13 rates ranging from 17% to 26%.
The proposed RGST system would replace the existing distorted sales tax regime,
businesses below annual turn over of Rs.7.5 million will not be required to pay
GST on their economic activity in value added mode. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

Farmers asked to improve pulses production

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: SALEM


SALEM, Jan. 25 -- To showcase the rabi season agriculture and horticulture
related technologies and pulses production strategies for the benefit of the
farmers and stakeholders, an exhibition and seminar was conducted at Krishi
Vigyan Kendra at Sandhiyur here on Saturday.


 The pre-rabi campaign-cum-seminar on Agriculture and Horticulture Technologies
for the district was attended by progressive farmers, farmers' club leaders and
agriculture entrepreneurs where farm implements and other products were on
display.
 N. Sriram, Programme Coordinator, explained the importance of the campaign for
improving production and thereby increasing the income level of farmers in the
season. He said that the United Nations has declared 2016 year as International
Year of Pulses mainly to improve the production and productivity of the pulses
crops and to ensure nutrient security among the people through pulses based
food.
 C. Rajendran, Joint Director of Agriculture (in-charge), emphasised the need
and approaches for improving the pulses crops production so that the
productivity is doubled and income level of the farmers gets increased.
 Deputy Director of Agricultural Marketing, Salem, Sugumar said that converting
the group into farmers' producers' organisation for bringing in more value
addition of products would benefit all.
 NABARD District Development Manager Bhama Bhuvaneswari emphasised the
importance of farmers' clubs and farmers' producers organisations for improving
the agriculture production, productivity and income of the rural farming
community. "Farmers should have the professional skills, especially for planning
and adoption of hi-tech agricultural technologies for improving the income," she
said.
 A. Udayakumar, Lead Bank Manager, Salem, explained the role of credit support
for improving the agriculture economy and farmers' income and asked them to
develop proper agri business plan.
 Demonstrations on various farm implements, pest and diseases management
practices, mango crop technologies, sustainable sugarcane initiatives and
practices exclusively for rabi season were presented by the KVK scientists. More
than 260 farmers from all the 20 blocks of the district participated.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 4, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

Some Healthy Competition for U.S. Farmers

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A17; G. EDWARD SCHUH

LENGTH: 977 words


No one can doubt the seriousness of the crisis that has overtaken U.S.
agriculture. Farm incomes have fallen, except as they have been propped up by
domestic commodity programs. A large drop in land values has led to a wave of
mortgage foreclosures and bankruptcies. Large surpluses of agricultural products
such as wheat, corn, soybeans and cotton lie piled up in warehouses across the
country. The nonfarm part of rural America is in distress. And the costs of
commodity programs are burgeoning.

It is not surprising then that U.S. farm interests react with alarm when they
perceive, rightly or wrongly, that they might be in danger of losing export
opportunities as a consequence of efforts by the international community to
strengthen agriculture in the developing countries. The fact is that U.S.
agriculture is going through a difficult period mainly because of, on the one
hand, contradictory monetary and fiscal policies and, on the other, commodity
programs that have not provided for adjustment to changing international
realities. Increased federal deficits offset by tight monetary policies to bring
inflation under control resulted in high interest rates, a large influx of
capital and a large rise in the value of the dollar. In this setting the 1981
farm bill actually legislated increases in farm support levels on a year-by-year
basis. As the value of the dollar rose, the legislative-mandated commodity
prices were translated into ever higher prices in other currencies. The result
has been a decline in both exports and market share.

This problem was exacerbated by the misperception in the 1970s that the world
was headed toward a Malthusian crisis. This contributed to an overcommitment of
resources to agriculture and to an excessive bidding up of land values. The
disinflation of the economy at large in the early 1980s has fallen hard on
agriculture, as such disinflations tend to do.

It is important that U.S. farmers and their representatives in Congress
understand where the true interests of U.S. agriculture lie and especially where
future U.S. markets are likely to be. First, these markets are likely to grow
most rapidly in the developing countries (including China) rather than in the
industrialized countries or even the centrally planned economies. The European
Community and Japan already have excess capacity in some sectors and are highly
protectionist when it comes to their agriculture. The Soviet Union is likely to
find it difficult to earn hard currencies to pay for additional imports, and
probably is not likely to want to become more dependent on imports of food. That
leaves the developing countries as the main potential source of export markets.
Second, the developing countries will constitute a growing market for U.S.
producers only if their economies expand and living standards rise. For example,
during the 1970s developing countries' imports of wheat and coarse grains
increased from 20.4 million metric tons to 58.6 million. Over 70 percent of
these imports were by the upper-middle-income countries that were experiencing
rapid economic growth, not by the poor countries. Moreover, the importers tended
to be those developing countries whose own agricultural exports were increasing
most rapidly.

Third, developing agriculture is the key to economic growth in most of the
developing countries. The bulk of their resources is invested in, and derived
from, agriculture. The level of productivity in this sector is generally very
low. Increasing productivity and incomes in agriculture is thus the key to
raising per capita incomes in the economy as a whole. These higher incomes are
the source of a strong demand for agricultural imports. Fourth, raising
productivity in agriculture in the developing countries generally does not pose
a competitive threat to U.S. producers. On the contrary, it creates the
potential for future markets. Given developing countries' low level of per
capita incomes, their demand for agricultural commodities is likely to increase
only slightly less than their increase in incomes. From each $ 100 increase in
incomes, the demand for agricultural commodities may increase by some $ 60. In
that case a relatively modest 3 percent growth rate in per capita incomes,
together with a 2 percent population growth rate, would result in a 3.8 percent
growth rate in demand for agricultural output.

A sharp increase in agricultural production in developing countries is unlikely.
Increasing agricultural output by 3.5 percent to 4 percent per year on a
sustained basis has proved quite difficult. Few have managed to achieve such
increases on a sustained basis except when extensive new lands have been brought
into production, and most developing countries do not have much new land
available for cultivation anymore. However, if they pursue sound economic
policies, increases in per capita income of 3 percent to 5 percent may not be
difficult to achieve. Newly industrialized countries such as South Korea, Brazil
and Mexico all achieved higher growth rates when conditions were favorable. An
important feature of successful economic development is an improvement in the
diets in low-income countries. This means more rapid growth in demand for
poultry and livestock. The production of these commodities tends to be more
resource-intensive. It also implies an increase in the demand for feed grains, a
commodity in which the United States clearly has a comparative advantage.

Expanding the global economic pie is the only way U.S. farmers can expand their
own markets. Hamstringing the poor farmers of the developing world does not
serve U.S. agricultural interests, either politically or economically, let alone
those of U.S. consumers and taxpayers.

The writer is the director of the Agriculture and Rural Development Department
at the World Bank in Washington.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Plan to levy agriculture income tax in Punjab

LENGTH: 86 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government has planned
to levy income based taxation on agriculture from fiscal year
2013-14.
     The tax is part of tax reforms of the provincial government,
says the budget documents for the next year.
     As per the reforms, the persons declaring agriculture
income in their income tax return would be required to pay
Agriculture income tax to Punjab government.
    Tax is imposed because the government recognizes that
Agriculture income tax is demand of equity and is widely
considered as must for economy.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              May 6, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Minister rejects ad-hoc farm aid

BYLINE: Gina Teel, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 620  words


A new program for low-income farmers and the deferral of overpayment collections
are just two ways the Conservative government is helping farmers, federal
Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl said Friday.

Effective immediately, the Conservative government is deferring the collection
of overpayments to individual farmers under the Canadian Agricultural Income
Stabilization program -- the so-called CAIS clawback -- until the retroactive
program changes announced in Tuesday's $1.5-billion agriculture budget are
calculated, Strahl said during a speech at the Calgary Chamber of Commerce.

There will be no interest on overpayments until Jan. 1, 2007, as well.

Strahl said the announcement "assures farmers that the money they have in-hand,
at least they can keep in-hand" while recalculations are underway.

"I realize some people will say the government should have, could have, had
another ad-hoc program just to try to get some money out to some farmers, like
the $755 million that we announced in February, but I'm just convinced the
ad-hoc programs are not the way to go," Strahl said.

The deferral applies only where the federal government delivers the CAIS program
-- British Columbia, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick,
Newfoundland and Labrador and Yukon.

Bob Friesen, president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, welcomed the
deferral announcement, saying the issue of CAIS clawbacks has always been a big
concern for farmers.

"Deferring collection of those overpayments will enable farmers to concentrate
on their spring work without having to worry about the government collection
agent showing up at their door," he stated.

Last month, nearly 10,000 farmers stormed Parliament Hill in protest over the
ongoing farm income crisis. Many have been looking for an immediate cash
injection from Ottawa to help them through tough financial times brought on by
low commodity prices, soaring input costs and heavily subsidized agriculture in
the U.S. and EU.

Ken McBride, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan, said the deferral shows that the federal government "understands
just how difficult the economic situation is to producers."

"While producers will still have to repay the overpayment next year, it will
help them considerably this year," McBride said.

Rod Scarlett, executive director of Alberta's Wild Rose Agriculture Producers,
called the deferral announcement great news.

However, as it doesn't apply to Alberta, he's looking for the province to follow
the federal government's lead.

Terry Willock, spokeswoman for Alberta Agriculture, said the province has
already deferred interest (through Agriculture Financial Services Corp.) on
overpayments to Dec. 31, 2006.

After that there are flexible repayment options including low interest loans or
applying the overpayment to the next CAIS payment, she said.

"So the feds are in effect playing catch-up to what Alberta has already done for
its producers," Willock said.

In his speech, Strahl made note of a new program aimed at helping low-income
farmers find more options for the future and assisting them in improving their
business opportunities, but later couldn't provide reporters with details.

Strahl reiterated that he hopes to have a new alternative to CAIS for June's
federal, provincial and territorial agriculture ministers meeting in St. John's,
N.L.

Farmer LeRoy Fjordbotten, who drove to Calgary from his farm in Granum to take
in Strahl's breakfast speech, said he's pleased with the federal government's
efforts.

"Now it's up to the provinces to step-up and work very co-operatively with them
and make it meaningful so that our ag industry can survive the next two years,"
he said.

gteel@theherald.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Calgary Herald Archive; Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl says Ottawa
will hold off on the collection of overpayments to farmers.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Importance of agriculture in Pakistan

BYLINE: Rabail Gandahi

SECTION: Vol. 27 No. 138

LENGTH: 451  words


Agriculture holds great significance for Pakistan. Pakistan has great potential
of agriculture and at the time of independence Pakistan was mainly an
agricultural country. Industrialization is the period of social and economic
change that transforms a country from an agrarian society to an industrial one.

Pakistan's principal natural resources are arable land and water. About 25% of
Pakistan's agriculture accounts for about 21% of GDP and employs about 43% of
the labour force. As the time proceeded Pakistan turned into a further
diversified country as industrialization took place. Though the share of
agriculture has reduced considerably since its birth but the development of
industries has not removed the agricultural presence in Pakistan. The
agriculture sector is very important at national level and also at international
level. About sixty years back, the agriculture sector was neglected both in the
developed and underdeveloped countries of the world. It was regarded as residual
reservoir particularly of labour for employment in industries. In 1970s the
importance of agriculture was realized and adequate attention was given to this
sector. Pakistanis are mostly a farming community. About 75% of population lives
in rural areas and nearly 40% of them are engaged in farming, and agro-based
industries. Agriculture sector plays a vital role in the economic development of
a country. It is confirmed and supported by the fact that the GDP growth rate in
Pakistan is mostly reliant upon the growth rate in agriculture sector; if the
rate of growth in agriculture sector is low, it bring shortage of food, and
other necessary raw materials in the country, the prices of the essential goods
go up. The slow rate or fall in the production of agriculture sector generates
inflationary pressure and creates bottlenecks in the economic development of the
country. Agriculture sector is the single largest component of GDP in Pakistan.
Its contribution is 25% to Pakistan's GDP. The progress of agriculture sector
provides a sound base for economic development and is considered one of the
preconditions for takeoff or self sustained growth. Moreover, agriculture is the
major source of providing manpower of various sectors of economy. In Pakistan,
55% of labour force is employed in agriculture sector. The provision of new
employment both in the agriculture industrial and other sectors can increase the
income of the workers and help them to get out of low income equilibrium. The
rise in the income of formers is spent on the purchase of industrial output such
as clothes, fans etc. The enhancement in the agriculture sector thus provides on
outlet for the products of the expanding industries.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 30, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Prices Paid To Farmers Drop 1.3%

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 378 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 29


Prices farmers get for raw products declined 1.3 percent in June, but were still
about 2.7 percent above a year earlier, the Agriculture Department said today.

Lower prices for oranges, wheat, hay and soybeans were mostly responsible for
the overall drop in the commodity price index from May, the department's
Agricultural Statistics Board said in its preliminary report.

Higher prices were reported for tomatoes, corn, eggs and grapefruit, partly
offsetting the declines for the other commodities. Most prices are mid-June
averages which will be revised next month to reflect June as a whole.

Department economists say farm income may rise to record levels this year,
depending on 1990 production and market demands. Recent forecasts show 1990 net
cash income of farmers in the range of $55 billion to $59 billion, compared with
about $54 billion in 1989. The record was $57.2 billion in 1988.

Net cash income is the money farmers have left from gross cash income during a
calendar year after deducting cash expenses. It includes government payments and
proceeds from crops grown previously but sold during the year.

Another method taking into account changes in inventories, depreciation and
other allowances during a calendar year shows that 1990 net farm income may be
$47 billion to $51 billion, compared with $49 billion last year.

Consumer food prices are forecast by department economists to rise 3 percent to
5 percent this year after posting an average gain of 5.8 percent in 1989, the
sharpest rise since 1981.

Based on the preliminary figures, the June price index for livestock and poultry
dropped six-tenths of a percent from May but still averaged 9.6 percent more
than a year earlier.

Milk prices rose 10 cents in June, to an average of $13.60 a l00 pounds. That
was up $1.20 from June 1989. The farm price of milk rose to a record $16 a
hundredweight in December before easing down.

Crop prices over all dropped 3 percent from May and averaged 5.8 percent below
the year-earlier level. Fruit prices declined 4.9 percent from May, led by a
drop in the price of oranges. The fruit index was down 4 percent from a year
earlier.

Wheat prices, under pressure from the new harvest, dropped 25 cents during the
month, to $3.15 a bushel in June.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: index of prices received by farmers, Jan. 1989-June 1990
(Source: Agriculture Dept.)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   December 9, 1998, Wednesday, METRO EDITION

Commons panel wants new farm cash Safety net needed to avoid another crisis,
report says

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 284 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


   OTTAWA (CP) - A Commons committee wants new money set aside in the next
budget to avoid another farm income crisis.

In a report obtained by the Canadian Press, the agriculture committee calls on
Finance Minister Paul Martin to provide farmers with a safety chute to save them
from market free-falls like the one currently threatening to drive thousands of
families off the land.

The report is to be tabled in the Commons today.

Farm income across the country is expected to plunge 20 per cent this year from
1997 levels. The situation is dire in Saskatchewan and Manitoba, where income is
expected to drop by 70 per cent and 50 per cent respectively.

Hog and grain producers are feeling the most pain. Hogs costing $120 to raise
are going to market for about $60. Grain is also being sold at a loss.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief says he'll announce plans for federal aid
before Christmas. He has met cabinet's inner circle twice in the last couple of
weeks to discuss a bailout package. Another cabinet meeting is set for tomorrow.

Skeptics say a bailout isn't necessary and the current downturn is normal for a
market-driven industry.

But the committee, dominated by rural backbenchers closest to farming, says this
downturn is different. They blame American and European subsidies for shaking an
industry already devastated by collapses in Asia and Russia.

"Canadian producers are efficient and prepared to compete on world markets but
when market rules are being manipulated they need a safety net that will allow
them to weather the crisis while maintaining a sound, dynamic and sustainable
structure for Canada's agri-food industry," the report says.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Nuru Ethiopia Agriculture Program: Applying Lessons Learned in 2015

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Palo Alto


Nuru International has issued the following news release:

Nuru International emphasizes a learning approach in the design, planning, and
execution of its programming. Periods of reflection and review afford the
opportunity to revise, adapt, and iterate on the way we work. This blog speaks
to an example of how the learning approach has been applied to the Agriculture
Program in Ethiopia in planning for operations in 2015.

The Nuru Ethiopia Agriculture Program was created through an intensively
facilitated process of program design with local team members and communities
throughout 2013. The Agriculture Program works with farmers to address the
problems of food insecurity, low crop yields, and highly constrained income
generating opportunities in agriculture. The approach uses the fundamentals of
farm input loans, technical training, extension services, and groups organized
into grain marketing cooperatives. This offers farmers the bundled package of
goods, services, and organizational structure that they need to succeed in their
farm enterprises.

The Agriculture Program worked with nearly 500 farmers in 2014, producing large
yield increases for maize and bean crops. The Agriculture Team experienced
successes and challenges in the field, from which they extracted key lessons to
incorporate into future planning. For the 2015 season, the Agriculture Program
in Ethiopia will make a few key adjustments to the program design based on the
experiences in 2014. One of the changes to be made in 2015 is that the Nuru
Ethiopia Agriculture Program will focus exclusively on grains and pulse crops
that are both local food consumption crops and have ready markets.

In 2014, the Agriculture Program featured a dual pronged approach to address
community agriculture-related needs: a core investment of maize and beans to
provide food and income generating opportunities to all farmers, and small
pilots of sweet potatoes, and taro for some farmers, with the aims to provide
food and a source of improved planting material. While the pilots proved
successful in achieving their aims, the Agriculture Program found much more
success in maize and bean production. There are two reasons behind this. The
bean crops provided food and income at what is normally a hunger season for
farmers. Later in the year, the maize crop could be eaten and sold for income
generation.

In 2015, the Agriculture Program is focusing on maize, beans, wheat, and teff.
These crops will favor farmer households with food and income generation
opportunities as well as providing revenue for the community-based cooperatives.
Many grains and pulses have favorable characteristics such as a long shelf-life
under relatively simple-to-follow storage guidelines. Moreover, many grains and
pulses have ready markets in Ethiopia, facilitating the ability of grain
marketing cooperatives to aggregate and trade the commodities for the benefit of
their farmers. Lastly, increased focus on particular grains and pulse crops
allows the Agriculture Team to concentrate their efforts on a more refined set
of activities, especially given all the particularities and challenges of
working with tuber crops. In future years, farmers will increasingly adopt best
agricultural practices and operate their grain marketing cooperatives
independent of Nuru Ethiopia's programming. They too will have the choice to
learn and adapt what they grow to yield them the best benefits at the least
cost.

The emphasis on grains and pulses that can be both eaten and sold is one example
of how the Nuru Ethiopia Agriculture Program is adopting the learning approach
to review and revise its programming to offer meaningful choices to partner
communities in extreme poverty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: Plan to levy agriculture income tax in Punjab

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 18 -- The Punjab government has planned

to levy income based taxation on agriculture from fiscal year

2013-14.

The tax is part of tax reforms of the provincial government,

says the budget documents for the next year.

As per the reforms, the persons declaring agriculture

income in their income tax return would be required to pay

Agriculture income tax to Punjab government.

Tax is imposed because the government recognizes that

Agriculture income tax is demand of equity and is widely

considered as must for economy

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Punjab misses agriculture income tax target

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


The Punjab government's initiative to enhance the recovery of agricultural
income tax proved a nonstarter as it managed to collect only Rs830 million on
this account against the target of Rs2.01 billion during the fiscal 2013-14,
media learnt on Saturday.



Actually, the provincial government had shifted its focus to income-based tax
collection from the land-based valuation system for agriculture income tax. That
may be a reason that it fell short of meeting the fiscal year's target by
whopping Rs1.18 billion.

Compared with the preceding fiscal year, the collected tax was Rs110 million
higher in FY14. However, it was on lower side as compared to that of FY11 and
FY12.

For the next fiscal year (FY15), the government set the same target of Rs2.01
billion for the agriculture income tax.

The agriculture income tax is an important direct tax for the Punjab, enforced
under the AIT ACT 1997, which determined a fixed amount per acre of land.

As per the major amendments introduced to this Act in 2001, holders of 25 acres
of irrigated land (equivalent to 50 acres of un-irrigated land) were required to
submit their AIT return.

Despite an announcement last year, the income-mode of the tax was, however, not
practically implemented due to capacity related issues of the collectors in the
field.

The tax collection, however, continued in the fixed mode and owing to the
sub-division of land over-time into smaller holdings, and exemption to owners of
up to 12.5 acres, the collection from this tax has been declining in recent
times, according to the new budget document.

Commenting on what he called bad governance on part of provincial government in
tax recovery, Sarfraz Khan, former member Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) and
central leader of Kissan Board Pakistan, said the department concerned has badly
failed in engaging farming community on this vital issue. The farmers were not
taken into confidence at the time of the formulation of the new mechanism of
agricultural income tax collection, he lamented.

Khan said that provincial machinery was also not capable to audit and assess
taxable areas of the agriculture sector. The biggest issue is capacity as well
as will of the people concerned, he observed.

The member FBR is also wary of the approach of the government for agriculture
sector, saying farmers, especially small and medium land holders, are facing
huge problem due to high cost of production. He said that farmers in Punjab were
burdened under a wide range of indirect taxes, which needs to be reviewed first.


Last year, the provincial government announced that it was fully aware of the
revenue potential of AIT. The issue thus had been thoroughly debated and later,
the important decisions had been taken to increase the tax recovery.

It may be noted that Shahbaz Sharif-led government reduced the budget estimate
of the tax receipt for AIT for 2011-12 to Rs927 million from the level of
2010-11, which stood at Rs1.2 billion, showing a significant reduction.

Owing to the low collection of agricultural income tax, the share of AIT in
direct taxes came down to just 2.36 percent in the budget estimate of FY13. It
was 4.04 percent in FY12 and 6.75 percent in FY11.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

Drought aid for small businesses

BYLINE: DAVID McKENZIE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 338  words


THE Federal Government is considering extending drought support to small
businesses not in agriculture but which depend on farmers for much of their
income.

Businesses such as supermarkets, retailers and fish and chip shops in small
country towns could be eligible for Exceptional Circumstances support if the
Government goes ahead with the proposal.

Agriculture Minister Peter McGauran flagged the possible move as part of a
recent bid to accelerate the assessment of South West Victoria's bid for full EC
support.

The massive area, which stretches from the state's northwest to near Geelong,
has been eligible for interim EC income support while its application for full
assistance is processed.

Mr McGauran recently met with Victorian Agriculture Minister Joe Helper to urge
the quick provision of extra information so the National Rural Advisory Council
can make a proper assessment of the region's eligibility.

More information is required on issues such as silage and crop yields and
stocking rates in some areas in the region.

It is understood Mr Helper undertook to provide the extra data by next week.

If full EC status is granted, the region's farmers can get two years' income
support and interest subsidies to $100,000 a year.

Businesses with fewer than 20 full-time workers which derive at least 70 per
cent of their income from agriculture, i.e. by supplying goods and services
direct to farms, will be eligible.

Mr McGauran said the region had made a strong case for extending support to
businesses in small towns, especially in the Wimmera Mallee, which rely on
spending by farm families.

''A retailer or fish and chip store or a local supermarket may not derive 70 per
cent of their income from agriculture -- in other words, they don't supply the
goods and services to the farmers -- but their income is from farmers,'' Mr
McGauran said on ABC radio.

But he said he didn't want to raise expectations as the move would be costly and
it would be hard to know where to ''draw the line''.

In the business of drought aid, Page 80

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                       April 17, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Assam govt mulls to set up Farmers' Development Corporation

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 250  words


Guwahati, Apr 17 (IBNS): Assam government has mulled to set up a Farmers'
Development Corporation and allocated Rs 1000 cr for taking up various farmers
oriented schemes in the state.

Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi on Friday said that, his government has all
along been giving emphasis on the agriculture sector and has taken up a slew of
schemes aimed at raising the income of the farmers. During an interactive
programme with 100 farmers of different parts of the state held at CMs official
residence in Koinadhora outskirts of Guwahati, the Assam CM said, We have an
agrarian economy and the development of the state hings on agriculture and
allied sectors. We has accorded to priority to the agriculture sector and has
taken up a slew of schemes towards this end, Gogoi said. The Assam CM declared
the year 2015 as Year of Agriculture and said that, his government has put
emphasis on farm mechanization and the farmers have to adopt modern farming to
raise the agriculture production, thus boosting their income. The state
government would provide assistance to farmers who have done exceedingly well in
their respective fields and asked the agriculture department to draw a list of
100 selected farmers, the Assam CM said. On other hand, the state agriculture
minister Rockybul Hussain said that, the thrust of his department is to shift
from single to multiple cropping in a year to augment the income of the farmers.
The Assam CM had released a crop calendar. (Reporting by Hemanta Kumar Nath)

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Times

                            January 17, 1992, Friday

Farmers earn less than ten years ago

BYLINE: By Michael Hornsby, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Home news

LENGTH: 428 words


FARMERS' incomes fell by 18 per cent in real terms last year, continuing a
ten-year decline, according to the government's latest annual agriculture
report. The number of people employed on the land fell by almost 1,200 a month,
the figures show.

The average farmer's income, in cash terms, is less than it was ten years ago
when the purchasing power of the pound was twice its present level.

David Naish, president of the National Farmers' Union, said that the statistics
were appalling. ''They not only confirm the downward trend of the past years but
bring the industry's real income to its lowest level since the last world war.

''They reinforce the need for a reform of the European Community's common
agricultural policy that will allow farmers time to adapt to lower levels of
support. It is vital for the government to ensure that those parts of the reform
proposals that discriminate against United Kingdom farmers are removed.''

John Gummer, the agriculture minister, said that his aim was for competitive and
efficient agriculture in the EC that would ''safeguard the environment and apply
fairly to all producers.''

The report shows that the income of farmers and their wives was Pounds 1,224
million last year, compared to Pounds 1,418 million in 1990, a nominal decline
of 13.7 per cent and a real decline, allowing for inflation, of 18.3 per cent.
That comes on top of a fall in real incomes of 14.2 per cent in 1990. The number
of full-time farmers fell by 5,000 to 178,000 in 1990-1, and the number of
people employed in agriculture by 14,000 to 628,000.

Farmers increased their bank borrowing last year, but were helped by a fall in
interest rates which cut interest payments by Pounds 148 million to Pounds 899
million, a reduction of 14 per cent. That, however, was offset in part by
increased rent and labour costs. Large dairy farms in England and Wales averaged
net incomes last year of between Pounds 36,000 and Pounds 42,000, against no
more than Pounds 2,000-Pounds 3,000 for small upland livestock farms.

The Farmers' Union of Wales said that the average income of farmers in the Welsh
uplands fell last year to Pounds 7,561, or Pounds 144 a week, 25 per cent less
than 1989.

In Scotland, the Highlands and Islands Enterprise forecast that more than 1,000
farmers in the region would go out of business over the next five years because
of the withdrawal of subsidies and falling prices.

Agriculture in the United Kingdom: 1991 (Stationery Office publications centre,
PO Box 276, London SW8 5DT; Pounds 12)

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 Times Newspapers Limited


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            June 29, 2016 Wednesday

Income limit hiked for agri pensions

SECTION: THIRUVANANTHAPURAM

LENGTH: 159 words


Thiruvananthapuram: The state government has raised the maximum annual income
limit for agriculture workers to be included in its pension scheme from Rs
11,000 to Rs 1 lakh.According to an official release on the amended agriculture
workers' pension rules, the income generated by the spouse and unmarried but
earning sons will also be considered while assessing the annual income of the
applicant. If a pensioner's annual income exceeds Rs 1 lakh at any point of
time, he/she will become ineligible for pension thereafter, the release said.The
persons who get agriculture pension would also be eligible for an additional
social security pension . The decision is in the wake of complaints that
agriculture workers were being denied the opportunity to get the benefits of
various pension schemes like the EPF pension and welfare board pension.The
amended norms will be with effect from June 23, 2016, the release added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 10, 2010 Saturday

Agriculture, rural development and poverty alleviation

LENGTH: 997  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 10 -- Poverty is a fundamental issue which is considered extremely
perilous for the growth of any economy. It hampers the process of human capital
formation as common individuals are denied the access to basic facilities, such
as education, food etc, which are essential to improve their capabilities and
skills. As a result, it becomes very difficult for the rural workers to enhance
their creativity and intelligence levels, thus resulting in slow productivity
and economic growth. The general public has to pay the social cost as due to
poverty people get involved in criminal activities as well, which disrupts the
society's way of living. For the development of a community and growth of an
economy, it is obligatory to reduce poverty.

Unfortunately, poverty is pervasive and increasing in the country. According to
the World Bank's estimates, the poverty headcount ratio increased from 33.8 per
cent in 2007-08 to 36.1 per cent in 2008-09 and about 62 million people in
2008-09 lived below the poverty line.

Poverty in rural areas is much higher than urban. According to the International
Fund for Agricultural Development's report, 75 per cent of the poor people
living in developing countries live in rural areas without basic facilities,
such as electricity etc. On the basis of this, poverty within the country is
rural-based and the rural economy, if promoted can play an imperative role to
reduce it.

The rural economy is heavily based upon agriculture. The livelihood of almost 66
per cent of the population residing in rural areas depends upon agriculture.
There is a direct relationship between poverty and agriculture, and the basic
reasons of high poverty in rural areas include family-based agriculture and
ignorance of rural-based labour force requirements while making different types
of policies. As agriculture is the major source of income in such areas, it can
play an effective role in poverty alleviation and economic development.

The overall agriculture system, right from livestock farming to marketing of
products is below par. Farmers neither have the resources nor the skills to
perform agricultural activities efficiently. Growers are not even aware of what
type of crops is most suitable for their land. Wrong selection of crops for
cultivation leads to low production. Not only has this affected the income of
farmers living in rural areas, it has also led to inflation as the restriction
in the supply of agricultural commodities has enhanced the prices of various
essential items.

To prevent farmers from lower production, with the help of research and
analysis, the

government must specify the areas most suitable for growing different crops
according to the ability of land. Growers must be directed to cultivate
recommended crops in specified areas to attain maximum output. Furthermore, the
actual financial returns of the rural farmers' products which they deserve
cannot be earned by them due to discriminations that take place when growers are
forced to sell their products below the market price or price settled by the
government. The discrimination in transaction bolsters due to mismanagement,
market's faulty system, the active role of the middleman and ultimately absence
of the holding power of farmers. Price support cannot even upgrade their income.

The discrimination in transactions holds back small farms' growth, which forms
most of the farming community (5.6 million of the total 6.62 million farms) by
decreasing the farmers' income and pushing them into the vicious circle of
poverty.

Cultivation is a continuous process. A particular land's productivity or yield
of each crop depends upon the financial gains of the previous one. As farmers
work in a cycle, after one crop, a farmer has to prepare their land for another
and for that they need finance. The second off-farm income of growers is zero
due to either lack of capital or skill.

Consequently, a farmer is totally dependent on the farm income and at the end of
each crop season, the more financial returns he receives, the better it would be
for him to invest for the next crop, resulting in higher yield and ultimately
income. This becomes even more substantial as the area of land decreases. To
make agriculture a profitable business, besides provision of credit and low cost
inputs, it is also necessary to reduce the discrimination in transactions by
improving the market system and reducing the role of the middleman.

To employ the rural labour force, the importance of agro-based projects has not
been sufficiently recognised till now. Mostly investment is directed and
budgetary funds are allocated towards urban areas and no serious attention has
ever been paid to utilise the human potential in the least developed areas. This
has isolated majority of the rural population from the mainstream economic
activities, which results in lower income of the rural people leading to a
greater incidence of poverty.

There is an abundant unskilled labour force in rural areas, technologically the
country is not strong enough to raise industrial-based growth, and most
importantly there is a poor inflow of capital and foreign investments. Since,
the population living in rural areas is already engaged in agriculture, in such
a scenario, agro-based growth can be extremely helpful for poverty alleviation.

Financial benefits can be provided to the poor by transforming family-based
agriculture to more profitable business ventures, improving the market system
and engaging effectively the vast labour force in agro-related activities.
Agricultural-based programs can help to raise the income of the less educated
and unskilled labour force residing in the backward areas of the country, hence
reducing poverty. However, sadly in the new budget, no such policy was announced
by the government Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 6, 2010 Tuesday

Agriculture, rural development and poverty alleviation

LENGTH: 997  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 06 -- Poverty is a fundamental issue which is considered extremely
perilous for the growth of any economy. It hampers the process of human capital
formation as common individuals are denied the access to basic facilities, such
as education, food etc, which are essential to improve their capabilities and
skills. As a result, it becomes very difficult for the rural workers to enhance
their creativity and intelligence levels, thus resulting in slow productivity
and economic growth. The general public has to pay the social cost as due to
poverty people get involved in criminal activities as well, which disrupts the
society's way of living. For the development of a community and growth of an
economy, it is obligatory to reduce poverty.

Unfortunately, poverty is pervasive and increasing in the country. According to
the World Bank's estimates, the poverty headcount ratio increased from 33.8 per
cent in 2007-08 to 36.1 per cent in 2008-09 and about 62 million people in
2008-09 lived below the poverty line.

Poverty in rural areas is much higher than urban. According to the International
Fund for Agricultural Development's report, 75 per cent of the poor people
living in developing countries live in rural areas without basic facilities,
such as electricity etc. On the basis of this, poverty within the country is
rural-based and the rural economy, if promoted can play an imperative role to
reduce it.

The rural economy is heavily based upon agriculture. The livelihood of almost 66
per cent of the population residing in rural areas depends upon agriculture.
There is a direct relationship between poverty and agriculture, and the basic
reasons of high poverty in rural areas include family-based agriculture and
ignorance of rural-based labour force requirements while making different types
of policies. As agriculture is the major source of income in such areas, it can
play an effective role in poverty alleviation and economic development.

The overall agriculture system, right from livestock farming to marketing of
products is below par. Farmers neither have the resources nor the skills to
perform agricultural activities efficiently. Growers are not even aware of what
type of crops is most suitable for their land. Wrong selection of crops for
cultivation leads to low production. Not only has this affected the income of
farmers living in rural areas, it has also led to inflation as the restriction
in the supply of agricultural commodities has enhanced the prices of various
essential items.

To prevent farmers from lower production, with the help of research and
analysis, the

government must specify the areas most suitable for growing different crops
according to the ability of land. Growers must be directed to cultivate
recommended crops in specified areas to attain maximum output. Furthermore, the
actual financial returns of the rural farmers' products which they deserve
cannot be earned by them due to discriminations that take place when growers are
forced to sell their products below the market price or price settled by the
government. The discrimination in transaction bolsters due to mismanagement,
market's faulty system, the active role of the middleman and ultimately absence
of the holding power of farmers. Price support cannot even upgrade their income.

The discrimination in transactions holds back small farms' growth, which forms
most of the farming community (5.6 million of the total 6.62 million farms) by
decreasing the farmers' income and pushing them into the vicious circle of
poverty.

Cultivation is a continuous process. A particular land's productivity or yield
of each crop depends upon the financial gains of the previous one. As farmers
work in a cycle, after one crop, a farmer has to prepare their land for another
and for that they need finance. The second off-farm income of growers is zero
due to either lack of capital or skill.

Consequently, a farmer is totally dependent on the farm income and at the end of
each crop season, the more financial returns he receives, the better it would be
for him to invest for the next crop, resulting in higher yield and ultimately
income. This becomes even more substantial as the area of land decreases. To
make agriculture a profitable business, besides provision of credit and low cost
inputs, it is also necessary to reduce the discrimination in transactions by
improving the market system and reducing the role of the middleman.

To employ the rural labour force, the importance of agro-based projects has not
been sufficiently recognised till now. Mostly investment is directed and
budgetary funds are allocated towards urban areas and no serious attention has
ever been paid to utilise the human potential in the least developed areas. This
has isolated majority of the rural population from the mainstream economic
activities, which results in lower income of the rural people leading to a
greater incidence of poverty.

There is an abundant unskilled labour force in rural areas, technologically the
country is not strong enough to raise industrial-based growth, and most
importantly there is a poor inflow of capital and foreign investments. Since,
the population living in rural areas is already engaged in agriculture, in such
a scenario, agro-based growth can be extremely helpful for poverty alleviation.

Financial benefits can be provided to the poor by transforming family-based
agriculture to more profitable business ventures, improving the market system
and engaging effectively the vast labour force in agro-related activities.
Agricultural-based programs can help to raise the income of the less educated
and unskilled labour force residing in the backward areas of the country, hence
reducing poverty. However, sadly in the new budget, no such policy was announced
by the government Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision
News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             April 14 1989, Friday

Declining incomes turn farmers green

BYLINE: MICHAEL HORNSBY, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63368.

LENGTH: 354 words


A sharp decline in farming incomes, the result of political pressure to reduce
subsidization of agriculture, is driving farmers into an uneasy alliance with
environmental groups as they search for ways to stay in business.

'If consumers are to continue paying higher than world prices for their
foodstuffs, they must get the kind of food and the type of countryside they want
in return', Mr Sean Rickard, chief economist at the National Farmers' Union,
said yesterday.


The annual survey of farm incomes published this week by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food shows that aggregate farming income fell by 28
per cent in real terms in 1988, confirming evidence of an acceleration in the
steady downward trend of recent years.

Performance varied widely, with dairy and beef producers seeing appreciable
income gains, which were more than offset by sharply falling returns to cereal,
oilseed, pig and poultry farmers.

'There is no doubt that agriculture is an industry moving into recession. So far
this has been mainly reflected in reductions in hired farm labour, but if
present trends continue many smaller farmers could be forced into bankruptcy',
Mr Rickard said.

An NFU working party recently recommended less intensive methods of agriculture
as offering the best chance of 'retaining land in farming whilst encouraging
production techniques that would meet with general political and social
approval'.

The working party argued that by going for less high-output agriculture, using
fewer crop-boosting chemicals, pesticides and fertilizers, farmers could reduce
over-production and win favour with consumers worried about quality and with
environmentalists.

The working party estimated that because of the continued technological scope
for higher yields, some 1.4 million hectares (12 per cent) would have to be
taken out of agriculture by 1995 to keep output in line with demand if reliance
on price pressure continued.

The working party said there was no way that surplus land could be absorbed by
the alternative options, many of them environmentally undesirable.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            May 15, 1991, Wednesday

Recent changes in agriculture leave Arkansas as South's only farm state

BYLINE: By Raad Cawthon Staff writeragriculture; research; results; economy;
conditions; united/states

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 480 words


DWINDLING IMPACT: Farming simply is no longer as economically important across
the South as it once was, a study says.

Farming's impact on America's rural economy is shrinking while most farm
subsidies go to farmers who need them least, according to a National Policy
Center study released Tuesday.

"What you have seen over the last two decades is a tremendous concentration of
farming at the expense of small farmers ," said Maureen Steinbreuner, the
center's executive vice president. "In a lot of areas where people still believe
farming to be very economically important to the community, it simply no longer
is."

The study for the center, a Washington-based public policy think tank, was
funded by the Ford Foundation.

It used U.S. Department of Agriculture data to examine agricultural trends from
1970 to 1987. During that period many states' economies grew less dependent on
agriculture, according to the study.

Among the findings:

Among Southern states, only Arkansas qualifies under the study's guidelines as a
"farm state."

Federal crop subsidies often go to large farmers in the portion of rural America
where the money is least needed.

Subsidies are not helping stabilize rural economies.

Peggy Bartlett, an economic anthropologist at Emory University, said the study
supports the contention that "big farms mean an impoverishment of the rural
community."

One of the culprits, she said, is that federal agricultural subsidies are
"disproportionately" weighted toward bigger farmers.

Ms. Steinbreuner said, "Right now federal subsidies are not making much
difference to anybody except the relatively small number of farmers who are
farming price-supported crops."

She concludes from the study that attempts to revitalize rural economies by
bolstering agriculture are doomed.

"You are not going to help the people in vast numbers of economically depressed
areas with farming," she said.

Ray Bryant, a natural resources specialist with the Lower Mississippi Delta
Commission, said there is a potential for greater employment in agriculture, but
he agreed that it is not the means to "turning an economy around."

"We need to develop alternatives" for those who want to stay on the land, such
as smaller farms that raise fruit for canning, he added.

Mr. Bryant said he was "shocked" by the study's conclusion that Arkansas is the
only one of 11 Southern states considered "farm states."

"I can't believe Mississippi's not," he said. "That surprises me."

To qualify as a "farm state," the study required that at least 20 percent of a
state's counties derive more than 10 percent of their income from farming.

"This is not anti-farm or anti-agriculture," Ms. Steinbreuner said. "What we are
saying is there are sections of the rural economy which are in need and which
would benefit from redirected federal attention."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPH: FARMING'S IMPACT DROPS FARM-DEPENDENT COUNTIES COUNTIES WITH 20%
OR MORE OF THE TOTAL PERSONAL INCOME FROM FARMING ARE CLASSIFED
''FARM-DEPENDENT'' 1970.....558 1987.....276 FARM-IMPORTANT COUNTIES COUNTIES
WITH 10% TO 20% OF THE TOTAL PERSONAL INCOME FROM FARMING ARE ''FARM-IMPORTANT''

 1970.....603 1987.....378

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Record year for Canada farm incomes

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Agriculture Canada said 2014 was a bumper year for the country's farmers, with
aggregate net cash income projected to hit a record $14 billion. The
department's 2015 Canadian Agricultural Outlook says incomes will be off from
that this year, but will remain strong.

Preliminary forecasts for 2015 suggest farm incomes will slip to $13 billion due
to lower grain and oilseeds receipts because of a U.S. bumper crop in 2014 and
higher world stocks.

The forecast says a weaker loonie will make Canadian products more competitive
and temper some price declines.

It says recent declines in fuel prices will also add to agriculture income, but
the volatility in crude oil markets makes it hard to estimate the full impact.

Average total income of farm families, which includes the family's share of net
operating income from the farm and other income, is projected to reach $131,595
in 2014 and $134,931 in 2015.

The outlook says things are looking good for the near future.

"The medium-term prospects for agriculture and agri-food demand and trade are
positive," the department said.

"Rising global economic growth and increasing incomes in large, emerging
countries will

continue to spur demand-side growth and Canada will continue to be an important
supplier in many of these markets."

In livestock, the cattle and hog sectors enjoyed record prices in 2014 due to
low North American supplies. Weakening feed grain prices also contributed to
higher incomes.

The department predicts that total livestock receipts will not change
significantly in 2015, although cattle receipts will continue to benefit from
tight markets and higher prices.

"Hog producers have seen high levels of price and income variability over the
last decade and this variability is expected to continue over the near term."

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Shifting trends in rural economic activities

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, Jan. 5 -- A survey conducted by the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics
(BBS) some time back found that rural households earn more from non-farm
activities than what many believe to be the main source of rural income --
agriculture-centric farm activities. This, no doubt, constitutes a shift in the
pattern of activities that characterise rural incomes, in so far as farm
activities are concerned.

Farm activities typically refer to four main components -- crops, livestock,
fisheries and poultry. The non-farm activities, on the other hand, include all
economic activities in rural areas except the aforementioned activities. These,
broadly speaking, include mostly manual labour-based activities, self-employed
subsistence-oriented cottage industries, wage employment in rural business
activities, transport operation, construction labour and so on. Physical and
human capital-intensive non-farm activities include commercial type rural
industries, including agro-processing, shop-keeping, peddling, petty trading
etc. Rural non-farm activity is further qualified by any earning activity that
the workers participate in within the village, neighbouring villages, growth
centres or rural townships while retaining their households in the village.

According to the BBS survey, of the average annual income of the rural
population, 22.77 per cent comes from agriculture and 77.23 from the non-
agriculture sector. The reasons attributed to this are believed to be the high
production cost for agriculture, problems in marketing and storage resulting in
lower prices of produces. As a result, farmers do not get returns proportionate
to their investment. To cope with the challenges, there is obviously the need
for making the marketing and storage system of agricultural products more
efficient, while facilitating production by way of increased subsidies in
fertiliser and other production tools like making diesel for irrigation
affordable. The main difficulties in post-harvest times are triggered by the
dearth of appropriate storage facilities-cold storages, for example, in respect
of horticulture products like potato. Coupled with it is the well known problem
posed by transportation difficulties of the produce to nearby
marketing/wholesale hubs, which automatically gives rise to the increasing
intervention of intermediaries who manipulate the prices to the misery of the
farmers at large.

Now, to say that less earning from farm activities than non-farm activities is a
problem may lead to too simplistic, even erroneous, assessment of the situation.
Why is non-farm activities more rewarding is a question the policy planners and
economists should examine and analyse critically. It need not be mentioned that
with the narrowing down of the urban-rural gap, a substantial economic
diversification has been taking place in rural areas over the decades. This has
been augmented, in large part, by the introduction of technology and access to a
myriad range of activities hitherto unknown in rural Bangladesh. Overseas
remittance has also a vital role in this regard. While remittance raises the
level of non-farm income of many rural households, it also adds to divert the
traditional focus from agriculture to non-agricultural engagements.

There are several reasons why promotion of rural non-farm activity can be of
great interest to our policy-makers. Evidence shows that non-farm income is an
important factor in rural households and indeed in food security, since it
allows greater access to food. In the face of credit constraints, non-farm
activity affects the performance of agriculture by providing farmers with cash
to invest in productivity-enhancing inputs. Besides, the nature and performance
of agriculture can have important effects on the dynamism of the non-farm
activities to the extent that the latter is directly or indirectly linked to
agriculture. Therefore, importance of the non-farm sector is immense in
improving the socio-economic status of rural households.

Gainful returns from non-farm activities cannot be less welcome when farm
activities increasingly prove unprofitable. While there is the need for further
energising the farm sector, especially the agriculture sector, government
policies should also be focused to make the host of rural non-farm activities
more and more rewarding. This is particularly so, because non-farm activities
are entrepreneurship-oriented. In this context, it is important to see both
these sectors as complementing each other. With a view to promoting the farm and
non-farm sectors alike and strengthening potential linkages between them, there
is the need for reforming the institutions responsible for rural development as
well as developing activities and projects that would enhance farm and non-farm
linkages.

Bangladesh, like many of the developing countries, is currently caught in a
phase of fast emerging changes in the ways and means of generating incomes,
especially rural incomes. Observers are of the opinion that the country's rural
scene is up for experiencing a lot of shifts in finding suitable means of
livelihood in the days to come. A careful understanding of the situation will
only help the authorities with the right strategies and tools to facilitate the
wellbeing of the rural population.

wasiahmed.bd@hotmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Modesto Bee (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2009 Thursday

Sustained Growth: Strong prices in 2007 helped many farmers in valley stay ahead

BYLINE: John Holland, The Modesto Bee, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Feb. 5--The latest federal Census of Agriculture, released Wednesday, found
farming to be in a generally healthy state in the Northern San Joaquin Valley
and beyond.

The data are for 2007, before recession gripped the overall economy and some
parts of agriculture stumbled, but it shows that income from food and fiber
production has been strong for much of the decade.

For example, the average net income for a Stanislaus County farm -- what was
left after deducting production costs -- was $119,549 in 2007, compared with
$58,682 in the last census in 2002.

The new report shows that California continues to produce far more income per
acre than the nation overall. That's because of the high value of fruit, nuts,
vegetables and dairy products compared with the field crops and rangeland that
account for much of U.S. acreage.

"California is so diverse and grows so many types of crops," said Wayne Zipser,
executive manager of the Stanislaus County Farm Bureau. "That's what makes us so
unique."

Production costs -- such as fuel, fertilizer, labor, land and environmental
regulations -- have been volatile in recent years. Still, the rise in net income
indicates that many farmers were staying ahead, thanks to strong prices in 2007
for almonds and several other products.

In Merced County, the average farm's net income rose to $240,383 in 2007 from
$70,042 in 2002. Much of this was due to dairy farms, whose statewide gross
income was $6.55 billion in 2007, compared with $3.74 billion five years before.

San Joaquin County had an average of $109,085 in 2007 and $66,772 in 2002.
Average net income rose as well for the state and nation.

The averages conceal a wide variety in who does the farming and what they earn.
A large farm's net income might be spread among many family members or corporate
shareholders. A small farmer might have just a roadside fruit stand.

The census shows that farm operators continue to be mostly white and male,
though much of the hired labor force is Latino. The owners' average age is older
than the general population, and many of them have jobs off the farm.

The census does not detail the ripple effects of farm production, such as the
canneries, wineries, dairy plants and other processors that are a major source
of jobs in the north valley.

Nor does the report get into what has happened since 2007, including a drop in
milk and nut prices for valley producers and a slowdown in the ethanol boom that
had benefited corn growers in the Midwest.

But the census does have plenty for people in search of fairly recent
information, whether it's a junior high student needing to know Iowa's hog
production or an industry executive who keeps tabs on "sorghum for silage or
greenchop."

The census dates to 1840 and is now done every five years by the U.S. Department
of Agriculture. It relies mainly on a detailed survey filled out by farmers and
ranchers of all sizes.

"The Census of Agriculture is a valuable tool that provides the general public
with an accurate and comprehensive view of American agriculture," said Tom
Vilsack, the new secretary of agriculture, in a news release.

Bee staff writer John Holland can be reached at jholland@modbee.com or 578-2385.

To see more of The Modesto Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.modbee.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Modesto Bee, Calif. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090205-MO-Sustained-Growth-Strong-prices-in-2007-helped-many-farmers-in-valley
-stay-ahead-0205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MO


                         Copyright 2009 The Modesto Bee


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Pakistan: 'Govt plans to target services sector to expand tax base'

LENGTH: 574  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, May 23 -- The government had planned to target the services sector in
Budget 2011-12 to expand its revenue base but the agriculture sector is likely
to remain out of the tax net because of a lack of consensus among the provincial
governments and various stakeholders, federal Finance Minister Dr Abdul Hafeez
Shaikh told the business community at a meeting here on Saturday.

"There are five governments in Pakistan and I am ready to accompany you people
to convince the federal and four provincial governments to impose income tax on
the agriculture sector."

Earlier in the day, he hinted at a press conference to take harsh measures in
the coming budget, adding that the budget would focus on protecting the poor
from the effects of difficult decisions.

The businessmen and industrialists, however, reiterated their stance of imposing
income tax on the agriculture sector instead of increasing the burden of taxes
on the industrial sector. They also opposed the under consideration wealth tax.
"According to an estimate, the agriculture sector has the potential to pay Rs200
billion income tax," said a participant of the meeting, adding that those who
earn above Rs 300,000 annually should be liable to pay income tax.

The businessmen asked the minister to hold open voting in the National Assembly
to know who is in favour of tax on agriculture sector and who is not. They also
urged upon him to amend the Constitution, if needed, to impose the said tax.

Assuring the business community that no new tax would be imposed on the
industrial sector, Dr Hafeez Shaikh informed them that the provincial
governments have agreed to tax the services sector to widen the tax net and to
generate more revenues next year.

Reportedly, the government has agreed with the International Monetary Fund to
set the tax-collection target at Rs1,952 billion for the next fiscal year.

The minister, however, informed the business community that the provincial
governments have also planned to increase the rates of taxes or impose a new tax
on those properties which are owned by the affluent.

He agreed with the business community to withdraw sales tax of 17 percent on the
import of machinery and plant in the forthcoming budget, which was imposed about
two months ago.

Responding to a question, Shahid H Kardar, the governor of the State Bank of
Pakistan, said that the availability of bank credit to the private sector
remained low, as 79 percent of the credit was borrowed by the government itself
for its budgetary and similar purposes. Federal Board of Revenue Chairman Salman
Siddique was also present on the occasion.

The businessmen proposed that to discourage the culture of under-invoicing and
mis-declaration, the government should impose 'fixed' duties on import and
export levels instead of imposing duties 'percentage-wise.' This tax system had
been implemented in the plastic and edible oil sectors and is running
successfully.

They also asked Dr Hafeez for a strategy to avoid the provision of funds to
loss-making state-owned institutions, like the Pakistan International Airlines
and Pakistan Steel Mills, and demanded an end to the culture of corruption in
the FBR. "The government can save up to Rs 1,000 billion by these measures,"
they added Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 24, 1991 Thursday

Subsidies push up farm incomes   Farmers expected to take home 10 per cent
more despite poor markets

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 375 words


BY OLIVER BERTIN
Agriculture and Food Reporter
Canadian farm incomes are expected to rise 10 per cent this year, thanks
to a large increase in government subsidies.

Farmers will, nevertheless, take home only $3.3-billion this year, 23
per cent less than in 1989 and down 39 per cent from 1988, their record
year, Agriculture Canada said in its third-quarter income forecast.

This year's 10-per-cent increase has little to do with the marketplace,
Agriculture Canada noted. Prices have dropped in all commodity groups -
grain, oilseeds, cattle, hogs and poultry - and the bumper crop harvested
by western farmers this fall and a small decline in the cost of farming
were not large enough to offset the decline.

Given the dismal market conditions this year, farmers have turned to
the federal and provincial governments to bail them out. The result is a
27-per-cent increase in government subsidies, to $2.9-billion.

This figure includes only direct cash payments from government safety-
net and stabilization programs. It does not include the $800-million farm
aid package announced on Oct. 10.

Agriculture Canada referred to "realized net income" in its outlook.
This is the most commonly used measure of farm income and represents the
difference between farm revenue and farm costs. Government subsidies and
depreciation are included in the calculation, but changes in inventory are
not.

Consumers will not, however, see the drop in commodity prices this
year. Agriculture Canada forecast a 3-per-cent rise in retail food prices
and an 11-per-cent increase in the price of restaurant meals.

Restaurant tabs are going up largely because of the federal goods and
services tax that was introduced this year.

Consumers are expected to get a break in 1992, however. Retail food
prices are forecast to rise between 1 and 3 per cent that year, while
restaurant prices will increase between 4 and 6 per cent.

Western farmers are expected to reap most of the income increase this
year. The average farm income in Manitoba is expected to rise about 51 per
cent, the average income in Saskatchewan 67 per cent and in British
Columbia 21 per cent.

The average incomes in Alberta, Ontario, Quebec and Newfoundland will
remain fairly flat, while incomes are forecast to drop sharply in the
Maritimes.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday
                                B - Main Edition

Farmers still facing income cuts despite exemptions

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 364  words


AUSTRALIA'S farmers could have 10 per cent or more carved off their incomes
despite the Government's decision to exempt agriculture from the Carbon
Pollution Reduction Scheme a forum in Brisbane was told yesterday.

Chairman of the National Farmers Federation's climate change working group
Gerald Leach told the agricultural carbon forum that farmers' inputs and
downstream processing of their products would still be liable to an emissions
trading scheme, unlike their major competitors overseas.

He said the decision to exclude agriculture from the CPRS has saved farmers from
an income drop of 4 per cent.

However, broadacre farmers still faced an income cut of about 5.1 per cent if
the CPRS applies to farm input costs and 5.4 per cent as their product is
processed and marketed.

``The decision of last weekend . . . certainly doesn't let agriculture off the
hook, it certainly doesn't say agriculture is getting off scot-free which is
what some other industries are saying,'' he said.

Instead, other nations without a similar emissions trading scheme are gaining a
competitive advantage.

``That's a real risk for Australian agriculture,'' he said.

He said the decision to exclude agriculture from the CPRS is good policy given
only Australia and New Zealand had not yet excluded agriculture. So far,
international emission accounting rules are not appropriate for agriculture,
despite farmers making an enormous contribution to Australia's Kyoto targets
through restrictions on tree clearing, he said.

``Kyoto carbon accounting rules are not designed for agriculture,'' said Mr
Leach.

``They're designed for the stationary energy, manufacturing and transport
industries and so until we have better accounting rules . . . it's not
appropriate that agriculture be included in the CPRS. Rules need to be changed
so agriculture can contribute to carbon emission mitigation.'' The president of
Queensland broadacre farming group AgForce, John Cotter, said the cost of a CPRS
to farmers could exceed 10 per cent.

``We know that none of the countries where agricultural production is competing
against us are going to be included (in a Copenhagen agreement) - they will not
have those overheads.''

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                   December 20, 1994, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

Ministers approve new farm safety net

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 16, Economic News

LENGTH: 259 words


Canada's agriculture ministers approved the framework yesterday for a new farm
safety net.

''Our objective is to get away from almost minute-to-minute crisis management in
Canadian agriculture,'' federal Agriculture Minister Ralph Goodale said after a
meeting with his provincial counterparts.

Farmers will be able to put money into an account during good years and make
withdrawals when their income drops below a certain level.

Farmers will be able to contribute 3% of their eligible net sales to the
account. The federal government will kick in another 2% and the provinces will
add 1%.

The program, which will build upon the current Net Income Stabilization Account,
is optional.

The plan puts some responsibility for planning for tough times in the hands of
farmers, instead of having them rely on government bailouts, Goodale said.

Government officials began discussions three years ago on a whole-farm income
support program.

Whole farm refers to the concept of tying a program to farm income rather than a
specific commodity. Programs not generally available to all farmers could be
challenged under international trade laws.

Canada also wanted to overhaul farm programs, replacing the wide array of farm
income support programs with just one.

Agriculture ministers decided to keep a national crop insurance program.

Goodale said officials will work out details of the new whole-farm program and
report back to the ministers by March 1.

He hopes to see the program start in the 1995 taxation year.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                National Edition

Farm income grows to record levels: agriculture Canada

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP2

LENGTH: 191 words


Agriculture Canada says farm incomes reached record levels in 2015 and will
remain above average this year. The department says in its annual farm outlook
that net cash income in 2015 reached $15 billion, an estimated six per cent
increase over 2014. The average net operating income in 2015 is forecast to be
$77,287. The average net worth per farm is expected to reach $2.7 million this
year. The outlook says a projected increase in both crop and livestock receipts
contributed to strong income levels. It also says lower oil prices have
significantly reduced on-farm fuel expenses, while the lower Canadian dollar has
improved competitiveness of agricultural commodities in export markets.
"Canada's agriculture and food industry is well positioned for continued
success," Agriculture Minister Lawrence MacAulay said in a news release Friday.
"The government of Canada will support the continued growth of the sector by
working closely with our provincial and territorial partners, investing in
research and innovation here at home, and working to open new markets around the
world." !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Lok Sabha Elections 2014: AAP inking agriculture policy to connect with rural
voters

BYLINE: Himanshi Dhawan

SECTION: POLITICS AND NATION

LENGTH: 397 words


NEW DELHI: The Aam Aadmi Party is inking its agriculture policy to connect with
rural voters and expand its support base. Apart from farm production, the policy
will focus on ensuring income security for farmers through a series of measures
including a farmers' income commission, increasing access to insurance and
credit facilities for tenant farmers and improving rural infrastructure.

Recent data from the National Crime Records Bureau show the country has seen
over a quarter of a million farmers' suicides between 1995 and 2010. Among the
states worst affected are Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh
and Chhattisgarh. According to the Arjun Sen Gupta Commission, the average
income of a farmer is Rs 2115 as opposed to monthly expenditure of Rs 2770 which
leads to a vicious debt trap. Policy makers have expressed concern that despite
the deep rooted problems, there has been little or no debate by political
parties on this issue.

According to AAP sources, the underlying reason for the agrarian distress and
farmers' suicides is the deep crisis in farm incomes. Speaking on the issue, AAP
manifesto committee member Atishi Marlena said the party's policy is aimed at
shifting the focal point of debate from agricultural production to farmers'
income security and a dignified livelihood.

Among the recommendations that will be enunciated in the manifesto will be
establishing a statutory body called the farmer's income commission that will
assess farm incomes and ensure minimum living income. The party has also
recommended a fair remunerative minimum support price that will be 50% above the
cost of cultivation. It also promises expanding MSP for 25 crops instead of the
current practice of government procurement of seven crops.

AAP's policy on agriculture also lays stress on the affordable institutional
credit to all, especially tenant and women framers and not just landowning
farmers. The document also says that in case of crop insurance, the unit of
insurance should be the village and wherever possible smaller than the village
to benefit small cultivators.

The party has also spoken about reducing the cost of cultivation by promoting
and incentivizing low input cost methods and diversification of income
generating activities including agro-processing, livestock, value addition and
agriculture-related services.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             July 23, 2011 Saturday

Self-assessment for farm income tax

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 23 -- THE Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government is working on a scheme to
introduce a self-assessment for agriculture income taxpayers to widen the tax
base and improve provincial revenue.

The Board of Revenue (BoR) responsible for collecting this levy, will opt for
the new mode of tax collection after chief minister's approval, a senior
official tells Dawn. The move is supported by the federal government and the
Federal Board of Revenue is likely to lend a helping hand.

The provincial government has been collecting the agricultural income tax (AIT)
since long. However, its overall contribution to tax collection remains less
than 0.5 per cent of the provincial tax revenue, owing to ineffective revenue
administration.

For FY2011-12, the provincial government has set an overall target of Rs3.6
billion of which the expected recoveries from AIT will be merely Rs21 million
despite agriculture's substantial contribution to the provincial GDP.

"We do not have exact data on the actual share of the agriculture sector in the
provincial GDP, as it is not calculated at the provincial level, but 68 per cent
of the economy is rural based with agriculture as an important component," the
official explains. He was making the point that farming has a huge potential to
pay income tax.

Currently only 112 persons pay the AIT across the province and surprisingly in
the Peshawar valley, the food basket of the province, hardly nine persons pay
this tax. They are earning decent income, with the spiraling prices of
vegetable, fruits, and other farm produce.

Citing proposals sent to the chief minister, the official says the government's
plan is to encourage growers to pay the tax as per worked out self assessment
scheme.

According to the new procedure, growers including tenants will be asked to file
their annual returns, showing their expenditures, sales and profit, with the
Deputy District Officer (Revenue). On the basis of this return, income tax will
be collected from them.

In case, the official explains, growers are found hiding their actual income,
they will face high penalties. The important aspect of these measures is that
both the landowners and the 'tenants' (in case the land has been leased out),
will pay the tax unlike land revenue which is only paid by land owners, the
official says.

Currently, the AIT is wrongly collected on flat rates basis, which in fact, has
been devised for the Land Revenue Tax (LRT) by the revenue official in the
field, resulting in losses to provincial kitty. The Agriculture Policy-2005 had
exempted 5-acre agricultural land from LRT.

The revenue officials are required to compile an yearly report on the quantum of
agriculture produce in their respective districts and also the cost and income
of growers. But they do follow the rules, the official laments.

The new collection mechanism including documenting of records will be a
challenge, both for the tax collectors and taxpayers.

While there is no need for a separate arrangement to be put in place for filing
AIT returns given the current provision of law, the capacity of the revenue
officials responsible for the job remains lacking. Officials working at Tehsil
and district levels do not exactly know how to calculate the tax, keeping in
view the cost of production and the expected returns from a farm.

Also, collection of AIT is considered by the revenue officials as a secondary
job, because the handling of revenue record is the most lucrative pursuit for
them.

The FBR has been approached to give basic training to these revenue officials as
how to compute farm incomes on the basis of returns to be filed by growers.

Another major issue is that a majority of growers are illiterate and are unable
to keep a record of expenses, sales and returns, which they will have to do once
this new system is introduced.

"It is difficult to get the growers to file their returns not only because they
do not know how to maintain records, but also due to the general mindset
concerning paying taxes," argues the official.

The real issue is of the political will that is required for pushing hard the
collection of this tax, but that too is missing for fear of a political backlash
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             May 16, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Subsidy program needs to be transparent

BYLINE: Eugene Whelan, Special to The Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 832  words


Imagine a government program in which it cost more to apply for funding, in the
form of paying accountants and lawyers, than you would receive in actual funds.

Imagine a government program that costs an average of $1.1 billion a year, but
the officials in charge of it can't be bothered to issue an annual report in a
timely or efficient manner.

Imagine a government income-support program in which applicants who received
payments below what they were entitled, or denied funding outright at the whim
of a bureaucrat, weren't allowed to have their applications reviewed
subsequently.

Imagine a government department that has had income-support programs audited
regularly since 1991. Each time, the auditors recommend that the department
needs to make this program more transparent for users, and report data and
payouts more accurately. Each time, the department fails to implement these
recommendations, and often backslides into weaker performance when the auditors
return.

And how about this? Imagine a government department in which the public servants
who decide who gets these program funds also hire themselves out on the side to
fill out the applications they'll be assessing. Such premeditated conflict of
interest violates the public trust so fundamentally that this borders on
criminal.

There's no need to imagine. These things actually happened. They occurred under
the watch of Agriculture and Agri-food Canada and its administration of the
Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, a program that farmers were
supposed to rely on for emergency income support in challenging times. And as
any farmer can tell you, there have been a lot of challenging times lately.

Canada's Auditor-General, Sheila Fraser, found these problems, and many more,
with Agriculture Canada's handling of the CAIS file. CAIS spawned the kind of
low-rent corruption and government incompetence that drives taxpayers into a
rage and leads inevitably to scandal.

But Canadian farmers, who were supposed to benefit from CAIS, have known the
program was badly run for years. And they knew it was badly designed from the
day it was launched.

Now Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl has promised an end to CAIS, throwing in
$400 million in additional funding for emergency farm aid. Fair enough, I
suppose.

But as Fraser pointed out, the amount of money for federal income support was
not the problem. It was how it was administered.

Strahl has not made any statements committing his government and his department
to regional flexibility in directing income-support funds, building a true
partnership between the federal government and the provinces and farmers and
their advocacy groups.

If Strahl wants to attack CAIS as a bloated, inefficient and unfair bureaucratic
mess of a program, nobody in the countryside will challenge him on that. But the
minister has to look forward and build the foundation of a more stable, more
flexible income-support program in this era of globalization if he really wants
to make federal farm policies work for producers.

The minister might also want to take heart in something that I have been saying
for decades in my public addresses: Any country that neglects agriculture is
also neglecting its entire society, because agriculture affects the health,
success and quality of life of every single citizen no matter where they live.

Ontario and Quebec farmers have proposed that the federal government support
companion programs. This means that federal funding envelopes would be
established to bolster provincial programs that are tailor-made to the farming
challenges in particular regions.

For example, grains and oilseeds farmers have had their income devastated by
years of agriculture subsidies in the United States, which has driven the price
of corn, soybeans, wheat, and edible beans below the cost of production. Ontario
and Quebec are anxious to help them with long-term, insurance-based programs
that would establish floor prices for these commodities affected by U.S. farm
subsidies.

But the province's hands are tied by the federal government, which has dodged
the request for regional flexibility for long-term, stable companion programming
and funding that's not wrapped up in CAIS-like red tape. To do otherwise would
result in keeping something like CAIS around ... it would just have another
name.

Farmers don't want that, taxpayers don't want that, and I'm pretty sure Strahl
doesn't want that either. But if he wants to really make farm income support
work in Canada, he's going to have to go beyond just bad-mouthing CAIS. He has
to offer long-term solutions that get to the heart of the Auditor-General's
findings: the need for transparency, flexibility, accountability and getting the
funds to where they're needed most.

Strahl is going to have to accept that farming has regional challenges, but also
that there are regional solutions.

Eugene Whelan was the federal agriculture minister between 1972 and 1984, and a
farmer in the Amherstburg area before that.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Eugene Whelan ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday

China earmarks "record funding" to ensure grain safety, boost farmers' income

LENGTH: 733 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

["1st Ld-Writethru-China Focus: China Earmarks Record Funding To ensure Grain
Safety, Boost Farmers' Income" - Xinhua headline]

BEIJING, March 8 (Xinhua) - China's record amount of agricultural funding this
year will help ensure grain safety and increase farmers' income, but challenges
to redress the rural-urban income gap remain, researchers say.

Premier Wen Jiabao said in his government work report to the ongoing annual
session of the National People's Congress (NPC) that the central government will
spend 562. 5bn yuan (about 79.2bn US dollars) on agriculture sector this year,
nearly doubling the 2004 figure.

"The number is a rather big increment in recent years, demonstrating the strong
commitment of the government to fortifying the foundation of agriculture," said
Bing Zhigang, finance director of northeastern Liaoning Province and a delegate
to the NPC.

The promised investment, which was 130.7bn yuan more than last year, was aimed
to ensure grain safety and at the same time, boost farmers' income, according
the report.

Last year, China exported 8.95m tons of grains, up 16.4 per cent from 2006.
Wheat exports increased 36.2 per cent to reach 2.34m tons, and corn export grew
by 30.1 per cent to reach 4.85m tons.

Ke Bingsheng, a China Agriculture University professor, said the pledge to boost
production of grain, edible oil and meat and grain export control would help
stabilize domestic prices and prevent fluctuations of global market prices.

The another important goal of the investment is to correct the big income gap
between cities and the countryside, he said.

China's No 1 document, promulgated on Jan. 30 by the central committee of the
Communist Party of China (CPC) and the State Council, the country's Cabinet, was
centred on combating rural problems that affected a population of 900m. This was
the fifth consecutive year in which the No 1 central document focused on
agriculture.

Under such guidance, an annual financial budget planned a 23.4 per cent increase
in direct subsidies to farmers, and doubling education, culture and health
expenses in the countryside.

Premier Wen said in his report that more channels will be developed to increase
rural income. Specific measures include accelerating the development of
high-yield, high-quality, high-efficiency agriculture, building modern marketing
network for rural areas, and stepping up vocational education and technical
training for the rural people.

Han Jun, head of the rural department of the Development Research Centre of the
State Council, said the promised investment sent a positive message and will
continue to have a substantial effect in agriculture.

Farmers in China have already seen an income rise with state input. Yang
Chuanren, a farmer in central China's Henan Province, saw his family income
doubled from 40,000 yuan in 2006 to 80,000 yuan last year, after he bought a
wheat reaping machine on state agri-machinery subsidies.

However, the investment growth was still not much compared to the growth pace of
the total government revenues, Han said, adding that the investment in
agriculture still needs to grow on a steady basis in the future.

A major chasm exists between the income of rural and urban people. According to
National Bureau of Statistics data, per-capita disposable income was 13,786 yuan
in urban areas last year, up 12.2 per cent in real terms, while per-capita
income was 4,140 yuan in rural areas, up a real 9.5 per cent.

Although farm produce sold at higher prices last year, with grain prices up 5.7
per cent and cooking oil increasing 37.1 per cent, farmers complained the
benefits were eroded by rising production costs.

"Grains are selling at a better price, but costs in fertilizers, pesticides,
gasoline and agri-machinery rose at a faster pace. That nearly offset a large
portion of the benefits obtained from cancelling agri-tax, subsidies and a
bumper harvest," said a Wang Fuchen, a Hebei Province farmer.

"I earned 120 yuan more per mu (0.06 hectares) of wheat from subsidy and price
increases, but it cost nearly that much i n buying fertilizers, gasoline to pump
water and hiring hands to plant and harvest," he said.

"We could only keep the money in our pockets when prices for the production
costs are kept down," he said.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 0404 gmt 8 Mar 08

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Raise investment in agriculture sector

BYLINE: MEROLYN TEN

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 406 words


PAPUA New Guinea needs to increase the current investment level in agriculture
to ensure food and nutritional security, says National Agriculture Research
Institute deputy director general Ramakrishna Akinappally.

Dr Akinappally said this last week during the 2015 PNG update forum at the
University of Papua New Guinea in Port Moresby.

"Although current and past national development plans recognised the importance
of increasing agriculture productivity to address food and nutritional security,
income generation, rural employment and environmental sustainability, national
food security is still under threat with one per cent growth rate as against the
three per cent population growth," he said.

Dr Akinappally said poor performance of the agriculture sector highlights the
need for reforms in how to approach agricultural development. The challenge is
to develop innovative approaches and strategies aimed at agriculture research
for development (AR4D) that are clearly linked, he added.

He said PNG is an agriculture-based country with 85 per cent of the population
living and earning their livelihoods in rural areas. They depend on agriculture
for food, income and monetary and nonmonetary employment.

"An assessment of the status of welfare of rural communities using food
security, income generation, employment and environmental sustainability as
indicators shows ongoing threats to food and nutritional security, given the
increasing population and the declining trend in the per capita agriculture
production has worsened by unfavourable impacts of climate change.

"The rural employment in the country is characterised by low productivity,
underemployment and low wages . It is predicted that the rural skilled and
unskilled employment levels will decline."

in the short-term will decline by 12 and 24 per cent respectively due to the PNG
LNG Project, which is clearly linked to poor performance of agriculture sector
over the decades," he said.

Dr Akinappally said that most developing countries' investments for agriculture
averaged 0.5 per cent of the national GDP while developed countries are
investing 2.0 per cent.

"For that reason, Papua New Guinea needs to increase its current investment
level of K58 million (0.4 per cent of GDP) to at least K150 million as it is not
adequate for delivering the technology contribution necessary to increase food
productivity enough to ensure food security at this LNG era," he said.

ENDS///

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              July 24, 2011 Sunday

Pakistan: Self-assessment for farm income tax

LENGTH: 729 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, July 24 -- THE Khyber Pakhtunkhwa government is working on a scheme to
introduce a self-assessment for agriculture income taxpayers to widen the tax
base and improve provincial revenue.

The Board of Revenue (BoR) responsible for collecting this levy, will opt for
the new mode of tax collection after chief minister's approval, a senior
official tells Dawn. The move is supported by the federal government and the
Federal Board of Revenue is likely to lend a helping hand.

The provincial government has been collecting the agricultural income tax (AIT)
since long. However, its overall contribution to tax collection remains less
than 0.5 per cent of the provincial tax revenue, owing to ineffective revenue
administration.

For FY2011-12, the provincial government has set an overall target of Rs3.6
billion of which the expected recoveries from AIT will be merely Rs21 million
despite agriculture's substantial contribution to the provincial GDP.

"We do not have exact data on the actual share of the agriculture sector in the
provincial GDP, as it is not calculated at the provincial level, but 68 per cent
of the economy is rural based with agriculture as an important component," the
official explains. He was making the point that farming has a huge potential to
pay income tax.

Currently only 112 persons pay the AIT across the province and surprisingly in
the Peshawar valley, the food basket of the province, hardly nine persons pay
this tax. They are earning decent income, with the spiraling prices of
vegetable, fruits, and other farm produce.

Citing proposals sent to the chief minister, the official says the government's
plan is to encourage growers to pay the tax as per worked out self assessment
scheme.

According to the new procedure, growers including tenants will be asked to file
their annual returns, showing their expenditures, sales and profit, with the
Deputy District Officer (Revenue). On the basis of this return, income tax will
be collected from them.

In case, the official explains, growers are found hiding their actual income,
they will face high penalties. The important aspect of these measures is that
both the landowners and the 'tenants' (in case the land has been leased out),
will pay the tax unlike land revenue which is only paid by land owners, the
official says.

Currently, the AIT is wrongly collected on flat rates basis, which in fact, has
been devised for the Land Revenue Tax (LRT) by the revenue official in the
field, resulting in losses to provincial kitty. The Agriculture Policy-2005 had
exempted 5-acre agricultural land from LRT.

The revenue officials are required to compile an yearly report on the quantum of
agriculture produce in their respective districts and also the cost and income
of growers. But they do follow the rules, the official laments.

The new collection mechanism including documenting of records will be a
challenge, both for the tax collectors and taxpayers.

While there is no need for a separate arrangement to be put in place for filing
AIT returns given the current provision of law, the capacity of the revenue
officials responsible for the job remains lacking. Officials working at Tehsil
and district levels do not exactly know how to calculate the tax, keeping in
view the cost of production and the expected returns from a farm.

Also, collection of AIT is considered by the revenue officials as a secondary
job, because the handling of revenue record is the most lucrative pursuit for
them.

The FBR has been approached to give basic training to these revenue officials as
how to compute farm incomes on the basis of returns to be filed by growers.

Another major issue is that a majority of growers are illiterate and are unable
to keep a record of expenses, sales and returns, which they will have to do once
this new system is introduced.

"It is difficult to get the growers to file their returns not only because they
do not know how to maintain records, but also due to the general mindset
concerning paying taxes," argues the official.

The real issue is of the political will that is required for pushing hard the
collection of this tax, but that too is missing for fear of a political backlas
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 15, 2016 Sunday

Experts at IEP's seminar express concern over decline in farmers' income

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: New York



ISLAMABAD:  Agriculture experts at a seminar
held here expressed serious concern over decline in farmers'
income and less use of advanced technology that was resulting
in poor per acre yield of various crops and growing poverty
in rural areas.


 World renowned agricultural Shaukat Khan who had been
associated with World Bank, USAID and other international
institutions, in his key-note address, cautioned that the
non-seriousness and disintegrated approach at the
government's level towards agriculture could bring disastrous
impact on country's overall economy.
 The seminar organized by the Institution of Engineers Pakistan,
Rawalpindi-Islamabad Center (IEP-RIC) was an interactive seminar,
presided over by the Chairman IEP-RIC Eng. Hafiz M. Ehsanul Haq
Qazi. Prominent engineers Arjumund Shaikh and Prof. Dr. Attaullah
Shah (Vice Chancellor City University) also took part in the
discussion, underlying the need of paying greater attention
to agriculture to get rid of poverty.
 Shaukat while giving detailed presentation on sustainable
agriculture development, major issues and problems related
to it, stressed that wide-income gap among bread-earners of
rural and urban areas should be bridged to maximum extend in
order to encourage the farmers to concentrate on development
of their agriculture land.
 He regretted that agriculture-related institutions at public
and private sectors talked much but failed to deliver on the
ground and achieving their stipulated objectives. He also called
for better use of modern technology for developing efficient crops' development
system.
 He deplored that currently about 40-year old tractor and
cultivator agriculture machinery is in use, which shows
callousness at the level of policy-makers.
 He also called for short and long-term measures to reduce income
inequality and poverty in rural regions. He said they could overcome
certain hurdles and anomalies by adopting development plan at Union council's
level.
 Lack of investment trend in agriculture, as compared to other
sectors is also a matter of serious concern.
 Agriculture is back-bone of the economic and it deserved
utmost priority in policy-making. He hoped that in the coming
budget pro-agriculture measures would be taken to ensure
country's better future.
 Chairman IPE-RIC Hafiz Ehsan said that they would continue
holding such events to provide professional input to the
government and other relevant institutions. Such activities are
also aimed at sharing and transferring the experience and knowledge
of the seniors with young professionals.
 IPE, a body of seniors engineers wish to play
its positive and constructive role in the country's
socio-economic development, he added.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 26, 1991, Friday

Cost of raising kids is at all-time high; On average, U.S. parents spend $
200,000 in child's first 18 years

BYLINE: San Francisco Chroniclefamilies; finances; children; costs; trends;
lifestyles

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 10

LENGTH: 544 words


Kids may still be cheaper by the dozen, but they cost more than ever, according
to new federal studies.

A typical middle-class family of four spends $ 12,000 to $ 15,000 annually on
the children, according to the figures from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
The cost of raising a single child from birth to 18 years averages $ 200,000.

But the costs decrease for a second or third child, according to the
government's recently published studies. When parents have three children, for
example, the cost per child is only two-thirds the cost of an only child.

Economists consider this an example of the "two-for-one-pizza Tuesday night
special" effect, otherwise known as the economy of scale.

Although it is true that parents get a bulk-rate discount for having more
children, "it is very expensive having children, period," said Mark Lino, the
government economist who produced the study.

The new Agriculture Department estimates cover a much broader array of costs
than previous government assessments of child-rearing expenditures. The new
figures include costs for housing, transportation, clothing, health care,
education, child care and food.

Other highlights from the government studies, which can be found in the most
recent edition of the journal Family Economics Review, include:

- The costs of raising children tend to rise as they get older. The most
expensive years are the later teens, when they begin to drive.

- The parents of an only child spend 21 percent more than is spent on the
average American child.

- Clothing and food costs for teenagers are nearly double what they are for
younger children, regardless of family income.

"Middle-income people today are getting squeezed big time," said Jim Steyer,
president of Children Now, a San Francisco-based advocacy group.

"They have costs, like child care, that their parents never had. Just to top it
off, they have tax burdens that are much greater than what their parents had."

The average American family today spends about one-fourth of its gross income on
federal, state, local and Social Security taxes, almost double what the same
family would have paid in 1960, said Sheri Hayes, executive director of the
National Commission on Children.

In a study published earlier this year, the Agriculture Department found that a
single-parent family spends 5 percent more of its income on raising children
than a married-couple family in the same income bracket.

The reason is that single parents, who tend to be renters, also pay larger
percentages of their income on housing costs than dual parent families.

The study also found that single parents, 85 percent of whom earn less than $
29,900 a year, spend less on health care, education and child care than other
parents. For example, single parents in lower income brackets spend only $ 90
annually for health care for their youngest children, four times less than what
upper-income families spend.

"Obviously, if you don't have the money, you don't bring your child to the
doctor as much and you don't get the best child care," said Margaret Brodkin,
executive director of San Francisco-based Coleman Advocates for Children. "So
you get things like fewer children being immunized."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Western People

                                  June 9, 2010

Shocking 2010 Farm Assist figures

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 227 words


Shocking new figures revealed by Fine Gael Deputy Agriculture Spokesperson,
Andrew Doyle TD, show that 1738 Mayo farmers have applied for the farm assist
social welfare payment already in the first quarter of this year.

This compares to 1681 in 2009 and 1522 in 2008.

"These figures are shocking but not altogether surprising when you consider the
IFA estimates that the average farm income for 2009 is EUR 13,023. Forty one per
cent of farms have a family farm income of EUR 6,500 per year", he said.

"The farm assist scheme cost EUR 93 million last year and its cost has been
steadily rising since 2005, when the total expenditure was 67 million, due to
the fall-off in farm incomes.

"These figures should be a wake-up call to the Government on the future of the
family farm and food production in Ireland. These figures are showing the
failure of the Government agriculture policy to adapt to the changes to the
support regime that has supported Irish farming for so long. The farmers are now
filling social welfare forms instead of EU forms.

"The old system of rubber-stamping EU Directives is not going to prevent the
closure of family farms in Mayo. The question is, can the Department of
Agriculture and its 11 semiState agencies get to grips with a new regime of
supporting market-led quality food production before the farmers are driven off
the land by poverty?"

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Tasmanian Country (Australia)

                               May 2, 2014 Friday
                               TasCountry Edition

Incomes surge as output climbs

BYLINE: KAROLIN MACGREGOR

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 523 words


Tasmanian farmers are some of the most productive in the country, a major
agriculture conference has been told.

Incomes for Tasmanian beef and dairy farmers are expected to increase
significantly this year as the state's agriculture sector continues to lead the
nation.

About 150 people gathered for the annual Australian Bureau of Agricultural
Resource Economics and Sciences conference in Launceston this week.

ABARES economist Peter Collins said an increase in milk prices and better
seasonal conditions had contributed to a major improvement in dairy farm incomes
across the state this year. "With higher production and strong world demand, the
volume of our dairy exports is forecast to increase next year for all major
product groups," he said.

Overall dairy incomes in Tasmania are expected to almost double this year
compared to the average income over the past decade.

Beef farmers are also expected to fare better this year, with a forecast income
rise of 29 per cent compared with the past 10 years.

The news is not so good for the state's vegetable farmers, who will most likely
see a drop in average income after an extremely dry season.

TO PAGE 9 FROM PAGE 3 While agricultural productivity in Tasmania continues to
sit well above the national average, the number of farms in the state has fallen
by 300 in the past three years to 3650.

However, Tasmanian Farmers and Graziers Association chief executive Jan Davis
told the conference that agricultural production was still growing significantly
at between 4-5 per cent a year.

"With all of the things that are happening at the moment we're expecting that
rate to not only continue, but increase," she said.

"That's a most unusual profile for an industry, any industry, and certainly
unusual for Tasmania." In Tasmania, agriculture makes up about 30 per cent of
the state's private sector income generation.

"This is a very high percentage nationally," Ms Davis said. "In most states
agriculture is down in the single digits and lower than 5 per cent, so as an
economic driver we're very important." It is worth about $1.8 billion a year at
the farm gate and accounts for 20 per cent of the state's employment, with 9 per
cent of that directly on farm.

"At farm gate we're actually a very big industry, and again often those figures
are not told or not recognised," Ms Davis said.

"There are a lot of people working in agriculture and agriculture value chains
and that importance is often undersold." Aquaculture is also emerging as a
highly valuable sector, and Ms Davis said the state's salmon industry was
growing in value by about $1 million a week.

Investment in irrigation is beginning to pay off and the state's largest system,
the Midlands Irrigation Scheme, will soon be online.

"These are game-changing developments, this is the Snowy Mountain Scheme for
Tasmania," Ms Davis said.

"In five to 10 years' time you won't recognise Tasmanian agriculture. "If you do
the drive down the Midland Highway it will look completely different." She told
the conference that recent research had shown that for every dollar spent
getting irrigation to the farm gate, another $5 wasinvested on farm.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Tasmanian Country


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                  July 5, 2004

CSO agrees it overestimated farm income

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 347 words


The Central Statistics Office's agriculture section has conceded it
overestimated farm income last year because it changed its methodology and data
sources.

However, it said the changes would not alter the agricultural income operating
surplus, estimated at 2.6 per cent for 2003.

It was accused by the IFA chief economist, Mr Con Lucey, of seriously
overstating farm income for many years.

"The latest figures from the CSO show that national farm income in 2003 was
E2,175 million, whereas in February they said it was E2,590 million, an
overestimate of 19 per cent," said Mr Lucey.

"The difference of E415 million is equivalent to E66 a week for Ireland's (the
Republic's) 120,000 farmers. It is apparent that the CSO has been
underestimating costs in agriculture for many years," he said.

"When the new CSO figures are adjusted for interest on farm borrowing, they show
that average farm income last year was about E16,000. This brings the CSO
figures much more into line with the Teagasc national farm survey figures," he
added.

"Indeed this readjustment strongly supports the case made by IFA president John
Dillon during the tractorcade when the Minister for Agriculture disputed the
Teagasc figures on the level of farm incomes."

Mr Lucey said the IFA would be seeking a repayment of under-compensation of VAT
refunds in the past in the context of next year's pre-budget submission.

He said calculation for earlier years was based on inaccurate data; for example,
the overstatement of farm income was 12 per cent in 2000 and 15 per cent in
2001, due mainly to costs being underestimated.

The CSO spokesman said it could not comment on this aspect of the matter.

He said the changes between the final and preliminary estimates were mainly due
to revised cereal output and feeding stuffs data from the Department of
Agriculture and Food and revised data for the potato harvest.

He said the base year for the calculation of volume indices had been changed
from 1995 to 2000, but it had revised all the agricultural income figures back
to 1990.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Punjab continues to collect land-based agri tax: minister

BYLINE: SOHAIL SARFRAZ and ZAHEER ABBASI

SECTION: Vol. 53 No. 44

LENGTH: 541  words


Punjab continues to collect land-based agriculture income tax; but due to lack
of appropriate systems, however, it was never able to comply with the 2001
amendment that stipulated that tax would be land or income-based depending on
whichever is higher. This was stated by Punjab Finance Minister Dr Ayesha Ghaus
Pasha to Business Recorder.

Dr Pasha said that 'we tried to persuade holders of 50 acres or more to file
income tax returns. However, this could not be implemented due to procedural
bottlenecks and now the provincial government is trying to put in place a
computerized system backed by collection of accurate information of income
(inclusive of regional variations) and expenditure (including input costs) by
the end of this calendar year.' Dr Pasha reemphasized that 'the land-based tax
is agriculture income tax which has not been withdrawn by the provincial
government and a mechanism is being developed to improve its collection'.

Member Tax Policy Board of Revenue Punjab Asad Ikram Mani stated that no
notification has been issued by the provincial government suspending collections
of agriculture income tax. The issue is under discussion at the committee level
in the provincial assembly, he added, and if any decision had been taken in this
regard, the matter would have been referred to the Punjab Assembly for
legislation. Only Punjab Assembly can decide to suspend agriculture income tax
and it cannot be done through an order or notification, Member Tax Policy Board
of Revenue Punjab added.

However, sources within the provincial government told Business Recorder on
condition of anonymity that Rana Sanaullah, the Provincial Minister for Law and
Parliamentary Affairs, did chair a meeting where it was decided to suspend
collection of agriculture income tax and sources claim that a notification to
that effect was issued. Business Recorder was unable to verify this as it was
unable to get a copy of the notification.

When contacted officials of Ministry of Finance and FBR stated that provinces
are not required to take the federal government on board on subjects which are
the domain of provinces and agriculture income tax is a provincial tax as per
Article 162 of the Constitution.

The Punjab Agricultural Income Tax Act (AIT) 1997 was land based and the rates
provided in the First Schedule to this Act stipulated that if ownership was up
to 12.5 acres there would be no tax, where it is more than 12.5 acres but less
than 25 acres, tax would be levied at the rate of Rs 150 per acre and land
beyond 25 acres would be taxed at the rate of Rs 250 per acre.

The AIT was amended in 2001 and stipulated that tax would be land or income
-based depending on whichever is higher. The 2001 amendment allowed exemption
from tax of income up to Rs 80,000; rate of tax where income did not exceed Rs
100,000 was 5 per cent of total income; where income exceeded Rs 100,000 but did
not exceed Rs 200,000 tax would be payable at Rs 5,000 plus 7.5 per cent of
amount exceeding Rs 100,000; where income exceeded Rs 200,000 but not Rs
300,000, it was Rs 12,500 plus 10 per cent of amount exceeding Rs 200,000 and in
the last slab where total income exceeded Rs 300,000 it was Rs 22,500 plus 15
per cent of the amount exceeding Rs 300,000.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Pakistan: Punjab misses agriculture income tax target

LENGTH: 566  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


LAHORE, June 16 -- The Punjab government's initiative to enhance the recovery of
agricultural income tax proved a nonstarter as it managed to collect only Rs830
million on this account against the target of Rs2.01 billion during the fiscal
2013-14, media learnt on Saturday.

Actually, the provincial government had shifted its focus to income-based tax
collection from the land-based valuation system for agriculture income tax. That
may be a reason that it fell short of meeting the fiscal year's target by
whopping Rs1.18 billion.

Compared with the preceding fiscal year, the collected tax was Rs110 million
higher in FY14. However, it was on lower side as compared to that of FY11 and
FY12.

For the next fiscal year (FY15), the government set the same target of Rs2.01
billion for the agriculture income tax.

The agriculture income tax is an important direct tax for the Punjab, enforced
under the AIT ACT 1997, which determined a fixed amount per acre of land.

As per the major amendments introduced to this Act in 2001, holders of 25 acres
of irrigated land (equivalent to 50 acres of un-irrigated land) were required to
submit their AIT return.

Despite an announcement last year, the income-mode of the tax was, however, not
practically implemented due to capacity related issues of the collectors in the
field.

The tax collection, however, continued in the fixed mode and owing to the
sub-division of land over-time into smaller holdings, and exemption to owners of
up to 12.5 acres, the collection from this tax has been declining in recent
times, according to the new budget document.

Commenting on what he called bad governance on part of provincial government in
tax recovery, Sarfraz Khan, former member Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) and
central leader of Kissan Board Pakistan, said the department concerned has badly
failed in engaging farming community on this vital issue. The farmers were not
taken into confidence at the time of the formulation of the new mechanism of
agricultural income tax collection, he lamented.

Khan said that provincial machinery was also not capable to audit and assess
taxable areas of the agriculture sector. The biggest issue is capacity as well
as will of the people concerned, he observed.

The member FBR is also wary of the approach of the government for agriculture
sector, saying farmers, especially small and medium land holders, are facing
huge problem due to high cost of production. He said that farmers in Punjab were
burdened under a wide range of indirect taxes, which needs to be reviewed first.

Last year, the provincial government announced that it was fully aware of the
revenue potential of AIT. The issue thus had been thoroughly debated and later,
the important decisions had been taken to increase the tax recovery.

It may be noted that Shahbaz Sharif-led government reduced the budget estimate
of the tax receipt for AIT for 2011-12 to Rs927 million from the level of
2010-11, which stood at Rs1.2 billion, showing a significant reduction.

Owing to the low collection of agricultural income tax, the share of AIT in
direct taxes came down to just 2.36 percent in the budget estimate of FY13. It
was 4.04 percent in FY12 and 6.75 percent in FY11

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                      January 29, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Demand for Very High Flexion Tractor Tires to Drive Global Agricultural Tires
Market Until 2020, Says Technavio

LENGTH: 882  words


Jan. 29 -- According to the latest market research report by Technavio, the
agriculture tire market is expected to grow at a CAGR of close to 13% until
2020.

In this report, Technavio covers the present scenario and growth prospects of
the agriculture tire market for 2016-2020. The market size has been estimated
based on the total production of agriculture tires for OEMs and replacement
sales.

"Very high flexion (VF) tires allow tractors to carry the same load with 40%
reduced air pressure. These tires have many advantages as these ensure longer
footprint with reduced soil compaction while promoting higher yields. Also, the
tire lugs are engineered at an angle of 45 degrees to help move dirt and mud
much more ease, and to reduce tire slippage under all conditions," said Sriram
Mohan, one of Technavio's lead industry analysts for wheels and tires research.

"However, agriculture tire manufacturers are facing stiff cost pressures as
income levels among farmers have dropped in recent years. This has led to a
highly price-sensitive market, compelling manufacturers to manage the costs
while they continue to invest in new technological advancements," added Sriram.

Key findings of this market study indicate a strong likelihood of many
manufacturers taking the online sales route to save on logistics and
infrastructure costs. This trend is predominant in Western Europe and North
America and is predicted to gain significant traction in emerging countries over
the next four years.

APAC: largest region for the agricultural tire market

APAC is the largest and fastest growing market for agriculture tires, led by
India and China. In terms of unit sales, the agriculture tire market in APAC
sold 2 million units in 2015. The region's large population is powering
agriculture activities, propelling the demand for agriculture vehicles and
machinery in APAC.

China has a small share of arable land when compared to the vast landscape of
the country, which has led to rapid farm mechanization for the country to become
self-sufficient in terms of agricultural production and has helped stimulate the
market for agriculture tires in the country.

Growing demand for tractors in India has also triggered considerable growth in
the market for agriculture tires. Agriculture is a significant contributor to
India's GDP, however, much of the country's agricultural sector remains
chronically underdeveloped and technology is yet to be adopted on a large scale.
Despite these issues, India has a large irrigated land mass and Technavio
researchers anticipate increased use of farm equipment during the forecast
period.

Agriculture: the second largest market for the global agriculture tire market

Agriculture remains one of the key sectors in the Americas. North America is one
of the key focus areas for tire manufacturers, as it is one of the largest
agricultural markets in the world.

The Canadian market recently registered a huge farm income, leading to a rise in
the demand for farm equipment. As this global demand began to rise, farms had to
enhance productivity to keep up with this demand. This was achieved through
advanced agriculture equipment and genetically modified crops. As the
agriculture tire market is a derived market, much of its growth depends on the
sale of new agriculture equipment. Although, the agriculture tire market in
Canada went through a lean phase in 2014, replacement tires were in high demand
during the period. The American tire market for agriculture equipment is also
projected to register steady growth during the forecast period.

Agriculture tire market in EMEA

Europe is currently facing a prolonged economic downturn. The region is going
through a vicious circle of low economic growth stemming from the sovereign debt
crisis. Europe also presents matured market conditions for agriculture equipment
manufacturers. However, rapid economic growth from Eastern Europe is expected to
stimulate growth during the forecast period.

The tire industry is also developing in the Middle East and Africa. Rapid growth
in farm income has boosted the demand for all kinds of tires, especially car
tires and agricultural tires. The Middle East and Africa represent fast growing
tire markets which are predicted to expand over the next four years.

Browse related reports:

* Agriculture Tire Market in Canada 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-canada-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

* Agriculture Tire Market in the US 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-the-us-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

* Agriculture Tire Market in India 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-india-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Medi
a)

* Agriculture Tire Market in Brazil 2015-2019 (http://www.technavio.com/report/
agriculture
-tires-market-in-brazil-2015-2019?utm_source=T1&utm;_medium=BW&utm;_campaign=Med
ia)

Purchase three reports from our library for the price of one by becoming a
Technavio subscriber. Subscribing to Technavio's reports allows you to download
any three reports per month for the price of one. Contact enquiry@technavio.com
with your requirements and a link to our subscription platform.

Source: Technavio

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 17, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Large Farms Allowed to Collect on Hurricane Damage

BYLINE: By COURTNEY C. RADSCH

SECTION: Section 1; Column 3; National Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 16


The Agriculture Department has reversed itself to allow the biggest farms to
receive compensation under a special program for Florida growers hurt by this
year's hurricanes. The change has raised fears among small farmers that their
share of the available aid will shrink.

Most disaster relief programs for farmers limit eligibility to those with an
adjusted gross income of up to $2.5 million or to those farmers who derive at
least 75 percent of their income from farming, thus excluding large
corporations.

The policy change, however, made Oct. 8, separates crop loss from tree damage
and cleanup costs, opening the doors to claims from big growers that would
usually be ineligible for these payments. Crop loss payments are still subject
to income limits and are capped at $80,000 per farmer, but there are no
restrictions on compensation for tree damage and cleanup costs.

Floyd Gaibler, a deputy under secretary of the Agriculture Department, said the
decision to separate crop replacement payments from damage payments was made
after negotiations with the industry because the department decided that the
losses were so great. Four hurricanes hit the state this year.

But advocates for small farmers expressed concern that the change in eligibility
would let big farms and corporate farms take a large share of the approximately
$500 million that the Agriculture Department has said is available for relief to
Florida growers.

Larry Mitchell, who administered similar programs when he was a Agriculture
Department official and is now the chief executive of the American Corn Growers
Association, which represents smaller farms, said this was the first time he
could recall that the income provision had been waived. He said he feared that
that by making large corporations eligible, assistance to everyone else would be
decreased.

''It's a bit disturbing that the U.S.D.A. has made a decision to reallocate
money from a finite number of dollars to a large corporation,'' Mr. Mitchell
said in an interview. ''Therefore we're taking money out of the hip pockets of
farm families.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A flooded farm last month near Boca Raton, Fla. The Agriculture
Department is allowing large farmers to recoup cleanup costs. (Photo by Richard
Sheinwald/Bloomberg News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 22, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

PERSONAL BUSINESS;
BRINGING UP BABY;
Regular savings plan a necessity;
Infant-related expenses test parents' discipline

BYLINE: Shelley Emling; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 357 words


In March, my husband, Scott, and I raided our infant son's college fund, and I
knew we were in big trouble. It's not that we didn't have good intentions. After
Christopher was born in January, we vowed to set aside at least $ 50 a week in a
cigar box until we decided how to invest. But then we needed a few bucks for
groceries, and gas, and Friday night pizza. So we dipped . . . and dipped . . .
and dipped into the baby's fund. Finally, there was nothing left.

We learned the hard way what a lot of more experienced parents already know: New
mothers and fathers must be as diligent and disciplined about their daily
finances as a concert pianist is about daily practice.

Why? Because they have to. According to the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
families with incomes between $ 32,000 and $ 54,000 will likely spend at least $
133,000 over 18 years on a child's health and care, transportation, food,
shelter, clothing and education (not counting college). In the first year of
life, a couple can expect to spend an average of $ 5,750 - a figure that
includes maternity clothes, baby furniture, nursery items and disposable
diapers.

This means new parents have to be darn good at budgeting if they want to get off
on the right foot. Parents need to track their expenses, and should put their
income and expenses down on paper so they're better able to spot the "gravy."

According to Denise and Alan Fields, authors of "Baby Bargains," you can save
thousands of dollars by simply shopping at outlet stores, skipping the fancy
toys and using breast feeding (this saves $ 400 during the first six months
alone).

Meanwhile, my husband and I no longer stash cash for college in a cigar box. We
invest in a mutual fund.

Having a baby costs more than we thought it would, but it doesn't have to break
the bank. Like many new parents, we've learned that flexibility is the key to
managing our money.

In the last few months, we've gone from believing our son has to have every one
of the top 10 toys recommended by Parents magazine to realizing that, at this
age, he'd rather play with a cardboard box and an old bandanna.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Shelley Emling and husband Scott Norvell have started
investing Christopher's college nest egg in a mutual fund, not a cigar box. /
Renee' Hannans / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Agriculture way forward for unemployed

BYLINE: MELISSA MARTIN

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 327 words


Papua New Guinea has a very high unskilled and unemployed population whose
potential can only be harnessed in the agriculture sector, says the Minister for
Agriculture and Livestock Tommy Tomscoll.

There is a great need for government intervention in terms of funding and
providing markets for smallholders and farmers in rural areas, he said.

During the 2014 Leaders Summit yesterday in Port Moresby, Mr Tomscoll said from
the country's 7.3 million people, 6.3 million which is about 87percent of the
people depend on agriculture.

"Agriculture is a basic human activity that provides income, employment, is
agri-business for our people and provides food," he said.

Mr Tomscoll said robust nations are built on strong healthy family units
therefore the primary goal of development is to reduce the number of families
that live in poverty.

"Over 56 percent of our indigenous population lives below poverty today and if
we cannot lift them from poverty, then we have failed our people," he said.

"Agriculture is a sector that has the potential to create sustainable wealth for
the nation, decrease inequity by spreading income and alleviating poverty
amongst our people."

Mr Tomscoll said agriculture is the sector with potential to create small medium
enterprises (SMEs).

"Food security is an important priority of the government to deliver.

"Agriculture is also all about food, the capacity where people get to feed, sell
and export to raise needed income," he said.

Agriculture is a shared function between the national Government, provincial and
district MPs, joint district planning and budget priority committees and
provincial planning and budget priority committees.

Therefore the minister has appealed to all MPs and governors to share the
responsibility of funding agriculture as it is the basis of the majority of
people's livelihood.

He said if leaders fail this, people will still flock into urban centers in
search for income earning opportunities and better life.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 18, 2012 Sunday

DARE secretary worried about reducing farm land

SECTION: VARANASI

LENGTH: 504 words


VARANASI: S Ayyappan, secretary, Department of Agricultural Research and
Education (DARE) and director general, Indian Council of Agricultural Research
(ICAR), expressed hope of better productivity of food grains in the country. He,
however, was worried about the shrinking farming land and reducing number of
farmers.

Ayyappan was in the city on Saturday to receive the D Litt degree at the
convocation of Banaras Hindu University (BHU). Talking to media persons at the
Indian Institute of Vegetable Research (IIVR), he said despite shrinking of
cultivated area, the productivity of food grains was enhanced due to extensive
research and development in agricultural sector. Agriculture in India is the key
sector for generating employment opportunities for majority of the population.
According to him, presently agriculture sector provides employment to about 52%
of the workforce of the country. "Currently the agriculture contribution in the
gross domestic product (GDP) was 14.8%," he said.

However, according to the report of ICAR, the agriculture contribution in GDP is
declining in India, which in 2008-09 went down to 15.7% from about 30% in
1990-91. During the past two decades, the average annual growth of agriculture
sector was less than half (around 3%) of the overall average growth of the
economy (6 - 7%). Industrial and service sectors have outpaced performance of
agriculture sector during the past two decades. But the proportion of workforce
engaged in agriculture did not commensurate with the decline of its share in the
gross domestic product. At present also, agriculture sector provides employment
to about 52% of the workforce that used to be about 61% in 1990-91. These
starkly different trends reveal that incomes in non-agriculture sector are
growing faster than agriculture sector. And a sizable workforce from agriculture
shifted to non-agriculture sector for income and livelihood opportunities.
Hence, in the country the research and development focus needs to be reoriented
in a way to develop and promote those technologies that raise agricultural
income and ensure employment opportunities in the agri-supply chain to a vast
majority of the workforce.

"We are working on mission like, 'Farmer FIRST' to improve the situation by
encouraging farmers," he said adding that it was an initiative to provide an
opportunity of direct interaction between farmers and agricultural scientists
for the growth of agriculture. Replying a query regarding budgetary allocation
to agricultural sector, he said that it was satisfactory. To another query
regarding the adverse impact of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Guarantee Scheme
on agriculture, he said that the situation was being assessed.

Meanwhile, the IIVR organised an exhibition of vegetables on its premises in
Adalpura area. Farmers from different places took part in the exhibition where
institutions affiliated to ICAR created their stalls. IIVR director PS Naik
welcomed the guests and participating farmers.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           North Queensland Register

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

CHINESE agriculture has grown tremendously over the

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 512 words


CHINESE agriculture has grown tremendously over the past 35 years, and with the
new leadership in 2012 and a flurry of new government policies, agriculture is
expected to experience even faster growth in the coming decade.

According to a recent report from Rabobank, New Chinese Agricultural Policy, new
policy adjustments will address balancing the pace of urban and rural
development, usher in the adoption of mechanisation and new technology in the
agricultural system, and facilitate the timely transfer of land use rights in
order to create economies of scale.

"Agriculture has been the backbone of the Chinese economy for thousands of
years," Rabobank analyst Chenjun Pan said.

"The pressures associated with feeding a population of 1.3 billion have meant
that the domestic agricultural industry is strategically important to national
food security.

"The decisive and supportive role of the government in agricultural development
in China has facilitated new growth in food demand, and farmers' incomes are
expected to grow faster than ever before."

Policy-backed growth in the industrial sector from the late

1970s diverted many resources away from agriculture, widening the economic gap
between urban and rural areas.

In order to address this, the 2014 No. 1 Central Document emphasises
agricultural development as a key priority. The directive advocates co-operation
between the industrial and the agricultural sector so that industry promotes
agriculture, urban areas support rural development, industry and agriculture
reinforce each other, and urban and rural development are integrated.

Personal incomes in urban China are three times as high as in rural areas, and
narrowing this gap has become a top priority for the government, particularly as
wealth disparities affect consumption patterns.

In response, the government plans to increase agricultural subsidies, thereby
boosting farmers' disposable incomes and subsequently demand for protein-based
products in rural areas.

From a land perspective, China's current agricultural system is based on
small-scale production.

This fragmented and unco-ordinated supply chain cannot meet urban requirements
for food safety and quality, yet small farmers are responsible for the majority
of agricultural output.

This has driven the establishment of large commercial farms where both
standardised operation and government monitoring are easier.

Rabobank expects these farms to continue growing rapidly.

Increasing the average scale of household farms to a level at which modern
agricultural practices can be adopted will therefore be key.

Thanks to the government's framework for the regulation of land use rights
transfer, larger areas of land can now be planted collectively, greatly
facilitating mechanisation and enhancing efficiency and productivity.

New types of farming organisations, such as co-operatives, family farms and
specialised large farms, have emerged since land use rights transfer has become
possible.

The co-existence of these new types of farms has quickly become a new, important
source of agricultural production.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 15, 1988 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

REGULAR SHORTS

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Letters; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 418 words


AGRICULTURE DOES NOT EQUAL PEASANT

SIR, Barry Jones has been arguing in TV and newspaper reports that high
dependence on raw commodities, as distinct from processed commodities,
manufactures and services, is associated with "Third World country" status.

This notion involves lumping together mining, forestry and farming("quarrying",
"hewers of wood and drawers of water") as peasant activities. This is a common
misconception.

Comparisons across countries show that there is an inverse statistical
relationship between living standards and the proportion of a country's
workforce engaged in mining, forestry and agriculture. However, heavy dependence
on "primary commodities" does not cause poverty; it is a symptom of poverty.

Where incomes are so low that there is little surplus above subsistence to
invest in or spend on the products of secondary and tertiary industries, a
country's occupational structure inevitably reflects a low level of domestic
demand for such products.

In developing countries increased productivity in primary industry is a starting
point on the path to economic growth and higher living standards. A
productivity-induced expansion of primary industry output tends, over time, to
lower the relative importance of primary industry.

Resources are attracted into expanding secondary and tertiary sectors by the
expanding demand, due to higher incomes, for the products of those sectors.

However, this tendency is less marked if a developing country has a comparative
advantage in agriculture (for example, Australia and New Zealand)which manifests
itself in increased agricultural exports accompanying economic growth.

Confused thinking results if no distinction is made between subsistence peasant
farming and agricultural sectors which are technically advanced and highly
commercialised.

It is true that an expansion of low-income economic activities, such as peasant
agriculture, does not add much to living standards, but this is true regardless
of whether the low-income activity is agricultural, or value-added processing,
or low-technology manufacturing.

The fact that there are no high-income countries which earn more than half their
export income from agriculture is being misconstrued by Barry Jones because of
his misunderstanding of the nature of economic growth. Low-income countries are
predominantly primary producers, but predominantly primary producing countries
are not necessarily low-income countries.

ALAN LLOYD,

Professor of

Agricultural Economics,

University of Melbourne.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1988 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 28, 2003 Sunday
                                  City Edition

2003 brought U.S. ag to a turning point; where now?

BYLINE: ALAN GUEBERT, FOR THE LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: E; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 716 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture and several farm groups have labeled 2003 a
rebound year.

Excluding for the moment the long-term effects from the recent discovery of a
mad cow-infected Holstein in Washington state, things are looking up for farms
and ranches.

After four years in the gutter, of course, any movement is up. Yet parts of
American agriculture - such as income, land values, beef prices and ag exports -
are up.

But the propellants, mainly big government payments, lower production totals and
one or two big global buyers, suggest American agriculture has yet to turn the
corner to sustained profitability.

Take farm income, for example. According to USDA's Nov. 4 Farm Income Forecast,
2003 net farm income will hit $55.8 billion, about $20.5 billion more than
2002's thin bottom line. Forty-three percent of that fat increase, or $8.7
billion, however, came from fatter 2003 government checks.

Yet big USDA checks are the rule today; 2002's government payments, only $10.9
billion, were the exception. Indeed, annual direct payments to farmers from 1999
to 2003 totaled $95.5 billion. If that tall crutch shortens in 2004, the rural
economy will stumble.

Additionally, input prices paid by farmers and ranchers soared in 2003.
According to the USDA, the increase in "2003 total production expenses,
including operator dwellings, is $10.6 billion, 5.5 percent above 2002, the
largest absolute increase since 1979."

That means that the nearly $9billion boost in 2003 government aid - and more -
went where it has always gone: right into the pockets of agribusiness.

Exports, like farm income, were up, also. Hold a candle to them, though, and
some worrying facts shine through. For instance, China's big buys of U.S. farm
goods this year have distorted the export picture.

And, too, while U.S. ag exports from January through October are $4.35 billion
higher than the same period in 2002, ag imports for the first 10 months of 2003
are - you guessed it - up $4.36 billion.

China is the bull. In 2003's first 10 months, China purchased 6.8 million metric
tons of U.S. soybeans, twice its total for the same period in 2002. Likewise,
its U.S. cotton imports over the same period were 306,750 metric tons, up from
2002's (10 month) buys of 72,203 metric tons.

Despite the 3.4 million-metric ton increase in soy sales to China, total U.S.
sales to the world's bean buyers are up only 1.7 million metric tons. In fact,
the January-October 2003 export tonnage for America's Big Four - wheat, corn,
soybeans and cotton - was 78.2million metric tons, nearly 5million metric tons
under 2002's 83 million metric tons for the same months.

In short, without China, 2003 U.S. ag exports would be hurting, not hurtling.

The picture for total American exports is more revealing. Based on Commerce
Department data, MBG Information Services calculates the U.S. trade deficit for
the first nine months of 2003 at a negative $413billion.

According to MBG, that means the United States imported $1.4 billion more in
goods and services every day than it exported this year.

Soon - maybe in 2004 - that debt will hit every American, reckons one Washington
analyst. At some point the dollar will sink to lows, which will require this
country to raise its interest rates in order to continue borrowing abroad to
finance the massive excess of domestic consumption over domestic production.

The threat makes 2004 an even bigger make-or-break year for ag trade talks. In
mid-December, Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva  suggested the Group
of 20, the developed nations that cracked the Cancun talks, should establish
their own free trade deal to force the European Union and United States to cut
domestic farm subsidies.

Lula may be bluffing, but he holds some aces. Since the G-20 grows 20 percent of
the world's food and is home to 60 percent of the world's people, its free trade
persistence will surely bite into your bottom line sooner than later.

As for 2003's bottom line, it was mixed at best. American farmers and ranchers
are approaching a turning point, but they haven't turned the corner yet.

And, surely, the mad cow events yet to unfold won't help.

Alan Guebert is a freelance agricultural journalist. He can be reached at
Guebert@worldnet.att.net or Alan Guebert, 502 W. Fourth St., Delavan, IL  61734.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Alan Guebert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday

Include milk in mid-day meal: Amul

SECTION: VADODARA

LENGTH: 339 words


Vadodara: Include a glass of milk in mid-day meal scheme. This is what the
Gujarat Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation (GCMMF) that markets Asia's
largest milk brand Amul, has demanded ahead of the union budget that will be
presented on Monday.

GCMMF also wants the union government to consider dairy sector at par with the
agriculture sector. According to the federation, inclusion of milk in mid-day
meal scheme is the only way government can counter the huge problem of
malnutrition that the country is facing.

"India is struggling to tackle the problem of malnutrition which can be tackled
if one glass of milk is included in diet of school going children twice or
thrice a week," said GCMMF's managing director R S Sodhi.

He added that in every state, co-operatives are ready to supply milk for the
government scheme. "In Gujarat, there are 71 talukas where milk is supplied in
mid-day meal scheme under Dudh Sanjivani Yojana. Similarly, the Karnataka Milk
Federation supplies milk to all the schools of Karnataka. But there should be a
nation-wide policy," he said.

It is worth mentioning here that the National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) has
already launched 'Gift Milk' through its newly established NDDB Foundation for
Nutrition. Through this initiative, the national board wants cooperatives and
corporates of the country to sponsor a glass of milk for the underprivileged
children of the country.

Demanding that like agriculture income is exempted under income tax, income
generated from dairy sector should also be exempted from income tax.

"In agriculture sector, income is generated by those who have their own
agriculture land whereas in dairy sector, a majority of farmers are landless for
whom animal husbandry is the only source of income," he said, "hence there
should be no income tax on farmers income from dairying."

"Gujarat government has already announced that cattle loan will be at par with
crop loan. We want that this policy should be announced at national level," he
added.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday

Nomura expects real agricultural growth to surge 1.1 pct in FY16

LENGTH: 270 words

DATELINE: India


India, May 11 -- India's real agriculture Gross value added (GVA) growth is
projected to rise 1.1 per cent in 2015-16, despite below-normal monsoon last
year, says a Nomura report.

According to the Japanese financial services major, the ongoing diversification
in the agriculture sector has reduced volatility in agriculture output and farm
incomes.

The composition of Indian agriculture continues to change and from a largely
foodgrain (rice and wheat) dominated sector, the importance of other core and
ancillary activities, such as horticulture and livestock, has risen.

A reduced dependence upon foodgrain output over time is one of the main reasons
why volatility in agricultural GDP growth has moderated, the report said.

"Indeed, despite below-normal monsoon rainfall in 2015, real agriculture GVA
growth is projected to rise 1.1 per cent in FY16," Nomura said, adding that
"diversification has smoothened farm income cycles and supported higher farm
incomes over time".

Horticulture crops, which include fruits, vegetables, flowers, spices and other
plantation crops, have become particularly important.

Further, it is estimated that output growth in horticulture has outpaced
foodgrain, and resulted in a share increase to 52.8 per cent in financial year
2015-16 from 46.7 per cent in financial year 2005-06, while the share of
foodgrain has fallen to 47.2 per cent from 53.3 per cent," the report said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2016 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday

Pakistan: Taxing farm produce

LENGTH: 1154  words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, March 24 -- A SEMINAR on pre-budget public consultation by the National
Assembly committee on finance and revenue held on February 19 in Islamabad
singled out income from agriculture as one of the areas that needed to be
urgently brought into tax net to beef up the falling revenue.Two ANP senators
were quite vocal in making the demand. This is a recurring theme on such
occasions every year and the strident calls often end up with a promise from the
government to introduce it from next year.A similar pledge was made last year in
April by the then adviser on finance Shaukat Tarin who said he was determined to
tax all 'no go areas' such as agriculture, real estate and capital markets. The
traditional feudal structure, he said, has been a major hurdle in the economic
development and the country has to get rid of these 'sacred cows' to make
progress. However, no such tax was proposed nor imposed.Even before resigning
from his finance minister's job a few weeks ago, Shaukat Tarin, an ardent
advocate of taxing rich agriculturalists, had again committed himself on
February 13 to introducing tax on agricultural income from next financial year.
The aggravating financial difficulties seem to have compelled him to do so.The
fact remains that the successive governments have failed to effectively tax
income from this sector and the yearly collection under the land-based levy has
remained below one billion rupees for more than a decade.

Compared to this, there are 1.8 million salaried taxpayers who pay Rs27.4
billion in income tax.Before signing the $7.6 billion loan programme, the
International Monetary Fund has reportedly pressed the government to introduce
agriculture tax 'if it is serious about increasing the revenue'. The tax on farm
products, the IMF said, was now unavoidable. And Shaukat Tarin had fully agreed
with the Fund and promised to introduce this tax. In the past too, Pakistan had
made such promises to obtain loans from the IMF but later wriggled out of
them.However, the IMF did not press for tax on agricultural income after sensing
resistance to such a tax in the parliament dominated by the feudal elite. On
November 28, after approving the loan, the IMF said it did not 'envisage'
Pakistan putting a new tax on agriculture.Agricultural income is defined by the
law to include direct and indirect income from land. Rental income for the use
of cultivated land, rent for a building on or in the vicinity of the cultivated
land if the building is occupied by the cultivator or by the receiver of rental
income from cultivated land are some examples of indirect income. Agricultural
income, according to the FBR, is taxed by the provincial governments. If an
individual enjoys agricultural income exceeding Rs80,000 then his income greater
than 'zero' from all sources taken together (excluding agricultural income) will
be chargeable to tax under the Income Tax Ordinance 2001. This method is similar
to the one applied in India.The tax on agricultural income has been a recurring
issue in political and economic discussion. The issue often comes back to the
agenda of the government when the demand for its imposition gathers momentum.
However, what is required is a transition from the current system by first
expanding the base of agricultural taxation and then putting in place a system
of rural income taxation which would tax agricultural income in the same way as
other income.The oldest tax on agriculture has been the land tax or land revenue
as it is known. Despite frequent changes in the structure of the tax, its
collection system had remained fairly stable. The system contains elements of
both pre-colonial and colonial land systems and some additions since the
partition. In 1947, the land revenue systems in the provinces of Punjab, NWFP
and Sindh were different in terms of methods of assessment. However, the West
Pakistan Land Revenue Act of 1967 introduced a uniform basis for land revenue in
the four provinces.The main problem with the taxation of agriculture is that the
revenue from it is very low. Incomes from agricultural activities have mostly
been outside the income tax net. Other direct taxes collected from agricultural
income are also negligible. In 1996, the actual collection of the main taxes on
agriculture (charges on land and Ushr) was less than Rs2 billion amounting to
less than 0.5 per cent of agricultural GDP. In 1981-87, the figures with
comparable countries were 2.2 per cent for Malaysia, 4.6 for Argentina, and 6.3
for Chile. Most developing countries rely on land taxes and/or presumptive
income taxes. But most agricultural incomes tend to fall below the exemption
limits.The 1999 World Bank report on agricultural taxation in Pakistan had
recommended a three-phase approach to reform the system. In the first phase, the
existing provincial agricultural income taxes would continue with a much lower
exemption (five acres) while the land revenue will be discontinued. In the
second phase, the income tax would switch to an Annual Rental Value or similar
basis. However, the provinces would be allowed to develop alternate measures of
the income to land if this was thought necessary. In the final phase, the income
tax system would switch to a general income tax on presumptive basis.In 1977, a
bold step was taken by the then government. The Finance Act of 1977 repealed
that part of the Income Tax Act of 1922 which exempted agricultural income from
taxation. This change was part of the agricultural reform package ' including
the Land Reform Act of 1977 ' offered by the PPP government just before the
national and provincial elections in March 1977. Under the new system presumed
income from agriculture would be determined on the basis of the number of PIUs
per hectare.After the coup d'etat in July 1977, the military government of
General Ziaul Haq suspended the Finance Act of 1977 and restored the tax
exemption on agricultural income in the Income Tax Ordinance of 1979. The
question of changes in the direct taxes on agriculture, including land revenue,
ushr and income tax, was examined by at least three expert committees in the
1980s. The majority view was against introducing a tax on agricultural income.At
the end of 1990, the Islami Jamhuri Ittehad (IJI) government appointed a
taxation committee, which was in favour of a tax on agricultural income, but in
its view the federal government lacked the constitutional authority to introduce
such a tax. In December 1996, at the initiative of the caretaker government,
each provincial government introduced an 'Agricultural Income Tax Ordinance',
which were later modified. These measures could at best be seen as a step
towards establishing 'presumed' income from land as the basis of taxation.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more
information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    January 12, 2000 Wednesday Final Edition

Farmers to get $5B aid: Ottawa, provinces teaming up to help cash-strapped farms

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Larry Johnsrude, Legislature Bureau Chief

SECTION: News; Pg. A1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 712 words

DATELINE: Edmonton

The federal government is about to announce a new farm-aid package designed to
put an extra $1 billion a year in federal and provincial money into the hands of
cash-strapped farmers, Alberta government sources say.

Under the program, Ottawa and producing provinces would each kick in $500
million a year for the next five years to assist farmers dealing with disasters
such as floods, droughts and Depression-era commodity prices.

Combined with existing crop insurance and the Net Income Stabilization Account,
which covers farm income fluctuations, the new program would give farmers access
to $10 billion over the next five years to stay in business.

Provincial Agriculture Department officials expect federal Agriculture Minister
Lyle Vanclief to announce at least parts of the aid package Thursday in Red Deer
when he speaks to the annual convention of the Wild Rose Agriculture Producers.

"We think he might use the Red Deer speech as an opportunity to leak some of the
aid package," a source said.

The federal minister meets with provincial agriculture ministers the following
day in Ottawa.

He'll meet today with his cabinet colleagues to press for the federal aid
program.

"We're crossing our fingers that this will be on their agenda," Sylvie
Millette-Leduc, spokesperson for Vanclief, said Tuesday.

Rod Scarlett, executive director of the Wild Rose Agriculture Producers, a major
Alberta farm group, said he's hoping Vanclief will announce a new aid program
with extra money rather than an extension of one that expired at the end of
1999.

"If it's just a continuation of the old program, that's not going to be enough,"
he said.

Vanclief has come under pressure from the three Prairie provinces to provide a
cash bailout for farmers who have been stung by the lowest prices for wheat and
other commodities since the Depression.

This comes on the heels of the much-criticized Agriculture Income
DisasterAssistance Program, a two-year program that ended last year.

Scarlett said the old program, worth $900 million a year in federal and
provincial money, was ineffective in dealing with the current crisis in
agriculture because it was aimed primarily at natural disasters like floods and
droughts.

"The problem with it was that it didn't deal very well with commodity price
drops," he said.

"If your farm income fell by 30 per cent in one year because of a natural
disaster, it would kick in.

"But if your farm income is steadily declining by 25 per cent a year because of
dropping commodity prices, it doesn't do much good because it doesn't trigger
unless there is a 30-per-cent drop in one year."

The new federal proposal would be cost-shared with the provinces on a 50-50
basis.

That has provincial officials worried that the provinces will have to increase
their commitment to farm aid.

In previous federal-provincial agriculture assistance programs, Ottawa has
picked up 60 per cent of the costs.

"I suspect there will be substantial debate around the proposal because it would
amount to a fundamental change in the funding arrangement," a source said.

Benoit Basillais, of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said it will be
difficult to get provinces to agree to shoulder a greater share.

"I'm very suspicious, it has always been 60-40."

The province announced its own $100-million program in October to give farmers
loans to help make ends meet until commodity prices improve.

HOW IT WILL WORK

- Ottawa and the provinces will split the $1-billion-a-year cost of the
five-year program aimed at providing disaster relief for floods, drought and
tumbling commodity prices.

- Ottawa's share would be $2.5 billion over five years.

- The producing provinces would kick in $2.5 billion as well. Alberta's share
would be about $100 million a year.

- The new assistance is in addition to existing crop insurance and the Net
Income Stabilization Account, which puts money into a fund

during the good years to pay for drops in income in the bad years.

- Alberta announced a stop-gap $100 million Farm Income Disaster Program last
October to loan cash-strapped farmers money and give them up to two years to pay
it back.

With files from The Canadian Press

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Monitor (Kampala)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Growth Should Match Equal Benefit Distribution

BYLINE: Medard Kamujuni Rwakishaya

LENGTH: 574  words


The Ugandan economy has been growing at an average rate of 5.8 per cent between
2005 and 2010. No wonder, the Minister of Finance, Planning and Economic
Development was recently nominated the best African Minister of Finance in
recognition of her outstanding performance, especially with regard to
maintaining macroeconomic stability.

Major landmarks have been made in controlling inflation and maintaining a fairly
high economic growth rate.

Whereas this is commendable and worthy of international recognition, it should
be noted that economic growth itself does not ensure the development of the
country. Economic development is only possible when the high national income
benefits the majority of the people in form of better socio-economic amenities
or public goods. It is possible to register a high economic growth rate when the
majority of the people are stuck in poverty. As we pursue economic growth,
government must make a deliberate effort to reduce income disparities and
improve the quality of public goods. The healthcare system, transport, housing
and education must simultaneously be improved and made accessible to the
majority of the people as the economy grows.

Therefore, before we can celebrate the achievement of Hon Syda Bumba, and her
team at the ministry, we need to stop and ask ourselves. Who are the
beneficiaries of this growth and to what extent are Bumba's policies pro-poor?
Pro-poor planning demands that the optimal level of investment is made in the
most productive sectors of the economy. For example, in most developing
countries, agriculture remains a bedrock sector for the economy, and is one of
the most important sources of income to the nations. Substantial investment in
agriculture is needed in these countries to sustain economic growth.

According to the World Bank, income originating from agriculture is twice as
effective in reducing poverty in agriculture led economies as income originating
from other sectors. This is because agriculture employs a large proportion of
labourforce in these countries.

The sector employs 78% of labourforce in Uganda and contributes close to 25% of
the country's Gross Domestic Product. Ironically, only 3% of the national budget
goes to Agriculture.

It was the realisation of the dominant role played by agriculture in developing
economies that led to the Maputo Protocol of 2003 of which Uganda is a
signatory. The protocol commits member countries to allocate at least 10% of
their national budgets to agriculture.

The often advanced argument for limiting agriculture spending is the concern for
macroeconomic stability. However, macroeconomic stability should not be seen as
an end in itself, but a means to higher development goals. By maintaining a
crunch on the resources available for agriculture the long term growth of the
country's economy is heavily compromised.

Therefore, developing pro-poor policy frameworks is a worthy development
strategy for Uganda. The government should not overemphasise maintaining
macroeconomic stability at the expense of long term development. Equal attention
should be focused on increasing strategic investments in the most productive
sectors of the economy to ensure a long term growth curve. It is only when
economic growth is sustained over the long term coupled with improved quality of
life for the population that we can talk of development.

The writer is a free lance researcher. Uganda Forum for Economic Policy
Analysis.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                             March 23, 2014 Sunday

Distributing growth

LENGTH: 1047 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, March 23 -- What makes economic growth inclusive is a litigious issue
among policymakers and economists. Economic growth is said to be inclusive if it
reduces unemployment, along with income and wealth inequalities and instead,
helps increase wages in the economy. If the national income of country is
distributed to all sections of society, then it may generally be termed
inclusive growth. In other words, growth is said to be distributed if the labour
share is increased to a greater extent than the share of capital and other
factors of production in the economy. Still there is there is no agreement on
what makes economic growth inclusive. Nevertheless, there is some consensus
among scholars and practitioners that certain initiatives play a crucial role in
accelerating inclusive economic growth.

Property rights

Property rights are an important institution for inclusive economic growth and
development. An owner's use of goods or assets for consumption, investment and
income generation is termed use rights. It also includes the right to transfer
property to another person, termed transfer rights, or to contract the property
to other parties. New institutional economic approaches put property rights at
the centre of economic growth and development, as it tends to have a big impact
on the distribution of income, wealth and consumption as well as the pattern of
production. A basic model of property rights, proposed by economists Timothy
Besley and Maitreesh Ghatak of the London School of Economics and Political
Science, says that for everything to be expropriated by the state or the mafia
would be inefficient. Even powerful dictatorships should allow producers to hold
on to at least half of production. Additionally, the right to property can
motivate individuals to put in their best effort in the work they do.

Inclusive labour markets

The next key element for inclusive economic growth is gender equality in the
labour market. A 50/50 women/men ratio the economy would not only contribute to
higher economic growth but also distribute growth to more than half of the
population. When an extra woman is added to the existing labour force, a
positive amount of marginal labour productivity is added to the total
productivity of the economy. In this way, the productive capacity of the economy
can shift progressively upward if women are added to the workforce while also
keeping the male workforce constant.

First, women's participation in the workforce contributes to increasing the per
capita income. Wages are the primary component of national income because they
contribute to more than one third of total value addition to the economy. Thus,
it is obvious that providing steady employment to more women will lead to an
upward shift of the whole productive capacity of the economy. Second, when a
greater number of women participate in the labour market, couples tend to have
fewer babies because of the increasing opportunity cost of trade-off between
income and children. This affects the population growth rate.

Gender equality in the labour market has several policy implications. First, per
capita national income will increase. Second, wage increases because demand for
labour exceeds supply in the long run. Third, technological change is bound to
take place because of the higher wage rate. Subsequently, productive capacity
also shifts upward. If labour market is not gendered, economic growth is
jeopardised. Thus, gender equality is key to achieving faster economic growth.
The real foundation of women's empowerment is their economic empowerment, on
which political and social empowerment must be based.

Another key enterprise to making economic growth inclusive is to make the labour
market itself inclusive in terms of caste, ethnicity, nationality, culture,
region and religion. The economic reasoning behind an inclusive labour market is
the same as in the case of women's participation. If we want sustainable and
inclusive economic growth, the government, private sector, media, civil society
organisation and international development agencies must ensure that the
workforce is inclusive at all levels. This will lead not only to an expansion in
the production in the economy but will also contribute to distributing national
incomes more fairly. As the workforce becomes more inclusive, the wage bill is
shared by all sections of the population, especially poor, marginalised and
vulnerable groups.

Furthermore, the productivity of the labour force also increases; as incomes go
up, they have a greater capacity to invest in training and skill and participate
in higher earning opportunities in the labour market.

Agriculture and labour

Another means for inclusive growth is to invest in developing the agriculture
sector. More than two thirds of the population relies on subsistence agriculture
to manage their day-to-day expenses. A sharp decline in the income share of the
poorest 40 percent of population is due soon, as the agriculture sector growth
rate has been on a downward trajectory. This has been primarily due to the
elimination of agricultural subsidies and the resultant sharp hike in
agricultural input prices.

Thus, the distribution of national income to the poorest section of population
requires massive investments in agriculture and heavy subsidies in agriculture
input. Similarly, the interest rate of agriculture credit should be reduced
while the amount of agriculture credit should be increased largely. It is often
said that investing, lending and subsidising agriculture is another form of the
redistribution of income in developing countries.

Lastly, labour intensive methods, and not capital-intensive ones, should be
adopted in infrastructure development projects, such as roads, canals and civil
hydropower projects. If labour-intensive technology is adopted, a greater amount
of the money spent on the development of infrastructure project will go to the
pockets of the local labourers involved in such a project.

Bhurtel is the author of 'Challenges and Prospects of Nepali Political Economy:
Some Reflections'

Published by HT Syndication with permission from EKantipur.com. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                          October 22, 2003, Wednesday

Big agriculture export plan

BYLINE: By Nik Imran Abdullah

SECTION: Nation; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 324 words


PUTRAJAYA, Tues. - The Agriculture Ministry aims to integrate the
applications of modern technology in farming in three years in a move to
turn the country into an exporter of agricultural produce by 2010.

Minister Datuk Seri Mohd Effendi Norwawi said modern farming technique
was the key for the agriculture sector to raise output and produce high-
quality crops which met international standards demanded by the importers,
especially the developed countries.

"One of our main challenges is to transform the traditional farming to
modern technique so that we can produce more and cultivate high-quality
produce.

"We will also have to modernise our marketing approach and commercialise
the agriculture sector," he told reporters after launching the World Food
Day at the Agriculture Heritage Park today.

Mohd Effendi said the rising volume of investment from the private
sector in the agriculture industry which surged to RM2 billion between
2001 and 2003 from between RM25 million and RM90 million annually before
2000, also augured well for the sector.

He said investments from the private sector in agriculture industry was
encouraged as the Government was willing to provide various assistance to
enable the agriculture sector to grow.

He said the Government was also concerned with the low income of the
farmers compared to what the middlemen earned as there was a wide
disparity in the distribution of earnings in the agriculture industry.

"Through modernisation of the sector, the farmers and fishermen's
incomes will rise as we will also look for ways to get farm produce
straight to the market by removing the services of the middlemen."

Earlier, the United Nations Development Programme Malaysia, Singapore
and Brunei resident representative, Richard Leete, said agriculture was
the foremost sector contributing to social and economic progress,
including eradication of hunger and poverty.


LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2003 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times of Zambia (Ndola)

                             June 11, 2011 Saturday

USADF Gives Out K1.4 Billion Grant

LENGTH: 371  words


THE United States African Development Foundation (USADF) has given Zambezi
Organic Rice Growers Association (ZORGA) and the Chipepo Fisheries Company
K1.438 billion (US$300,000) grants.

The funds were meant to help to bolster trade, development for the two Zambian
agriculture businesses.

Agriculture and Cooperatives Minister Eustarkio Kazonga said the Government of
Zambia had worked closely with USADF in supporting associations and agriculture
and business active.

Speaking at the 10th annual Africa Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) Forum in
Lusaka yesterday, Dr Kazonga said USADF had continued to support associations
such as the ZORGA and the Chipepo Fisheries Company to improve their capacities
aimed at increasing incomes for the various communities

"I am very happy that these agriculture commodities had benefited from the USADF
technical assistance and in turn help them improve their financial and technical
capacity thereby allowing them to expand their operations," Dr Kazonga said.

"Our Government values this support as it is in line with the diversification of
the agriculture production.

He said it was important that the USADF funding seeks to target the vulnerable
community consequently reducing poverty and increasing incomes.

Dr Kazonga implored the two associations to ensure that these funds were used
for the intended purpose and help increase food security and income.

USADF president Lloyd Pierson said the investment in the agriculture sector
would help the two associations improve their production capacity.

USADF's mission is to work collaboratively with under served communities across
Africa to create jobs, improve incomes and address critical social issues.

ZORGA and the Chipepo Fisheries company both would receive enterprise expansion
grants to increase production, add value to their members' products and improve
market linkages.

About 1,000 rural Zambian farmers and fishermen would directly benefit from the
$300,000 grants given by USADF.

ZATAC chief executive officer Likando Mukumbuta said USADF's implementing
partner in Zambia and it would continue to support grassroots projects.

At the same occasion the USADF commemorated its first of $89,000 which was
awarded to Zambian grantee in 1984.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

FORM 8-K: China Green Agriculture, Inc FILES Current report

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Washington


China Green Agriculture, Inc, Nevada, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on February 09, 2015

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Nevada

Item 2.02  Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On February 9, 2015, China Green Agriculture, Inc., a corporation incorporated
in the State of Nevada (the "Company"), issued a press release announcing (i)
certain financial results for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014; (ii)
guidance for the third quarter of fiscal year of 2015 and reaffirming the
guidance for the fiscal year of 2015; and (iii) a conference call to be held by
the Company on Monday, February 9, 2015 at 8:30 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the
results of operations for the quarter ended December 31, 2014. A copy of the
press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.


Item 9.01  Financial Statements and Exhibits.


(d)  Exhibits.

The following is filed as an exhibit to this report:


Exhibit No.  Description

99.1   Press Release, dated February 9, 2015.

China Green Agriculture, Inc. Reports the Financial Results for the Second
Quarter of Fiscal Year 2015
with Revenue Beating the Guidance and Net Income Meeting the Guidance

Provides Guidance of Revenue and Net Income for the Third Quarter of Fiscal Year
2015, and Reaffirms
Guidance of Revenue and Net Income for Fiscal Year 2015

XI'AN, China, F-

Second Quarter of FY 2015 net sales increased 33.0% to $54.1million; net income
increase 41.9% to $5.2million with EPS of $0.16.
    The Company provided third quarter of fiscal year 2015 guidance range:
Revenue, Net Income and EPS of between $75 million and $80 million, $8 million
and $10 million, and $0.23 and $ 0.28 based on 35.2 million fully diluted
shares, respectively.
    The Company Updated Guidance Range of Fiscal Year 2015 as the following:
Revenue, Net Income and EPS of between $255 million and $269 million, $26
million and $ 35 million, and $0.74 and $0.99 based on 35.2 million fully
diluted shares, respectively.

China Green Agriculture, Inc. (NYSE: CGA; "China Green Agriculture" or the
"Company"), a company mainly produces and distributes humic acid-based compound
fertilizers, other varieties of compound fertilizers and agricultural products
through its subsidiaries in China, today announced its financial results for the
quarter ended December 31, 2014, i.e., the second quarter of Fiscal Year 2015.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

US Contract Notice: Agency for International Development (Washington) Issues
Solicitation for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for Climate Smart Agriculture"

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agency for International Development, Washington D.C.Officer has issued
requirement for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for  Climate Smart Agriculture"

Solicitation no. BAA-OAA-BFS-2015

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date:
March 24, 2015
Response Date:
Apr 15, 2015 11:59 pm Eastern

Description: This Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) seeks opportunities to
co-create, co-design, co-invest, and collaborate in the research, development,
piloting, testing, and scaling of innovative, practical and cost-effective
activities in the general area of Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA). The focus of
this BAA is to identify innovative thinking, best practices and promising
programs that will provide cost effective and practical options to respond to
climate and weather related impacts on small holder farmer-based food and
agriculture systems in low income countries.   In many cases, such options and
practices may provide a "double or triple win" by also reducing greenhouse gas
emissions and improving agriculture income and productivity.
This BAA serves to inform the public of the opportunity for possible funding for
innovations and approaches to Climate Smart Agriculture as it impacts small
holder farmers and food and agricultural systems in low income countries. Any
opportunities for funding and partnering will be issued as Addenda to this BAA.
The terms of the BAA apply to each Addendum. Individual addenda may have
specific requirements for evaluation criteria and administrative information,
such as the requirements for expressions of interest, concept papers, and
response deadlines. Further information can be found in the full BAA document
attached.In Addendum Number 0001 to the Climate Smart Agriculture BAA, USAID
seeks knowledge and solutions to the current problem of limited levels of
private sector engagement and investment in Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA)
practices and technologies.
The main focus of this work is to help smallholder-based food and agriculture
systems in low-income countries adapt to climate and weather change impacts.
The countries supported by the USG Feed the Future Initiative are the primary
geographic focus. Collaboration opportunities that align with USAID's focus
value chains in the Feed the Future countries are particularly encouraged.  More
information on the Feed the Future Initiative and FTF focus and aligned
countries can be found at www.feedthefuture.org. Further information can be
found in the full Addendum 0001 attached.


  The purpose of Amendment 1 to this Addendum 0001 is to specify a time deadline
for EOI submissions, to establish a due date for Questions, and update the Feed
the Future web address.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue,
 NW Room 7.10-006 Washington,
 District of Columbia 20523 United States

Point of Contact(s): Kelly Fink,
 Contracting/Agreement Officer kfink@usaid.gov Phone: (202) 567-5295

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Sow today, reap tomorrow - the future of China's agriculture

SECTION: INDUSTRIES

LENGTH: 347 words


BEIJING - For twelve years in a row, China's "No 1 Central Document" has focused
on agriculture and rural issues.

The "No 1 Central Document" is the first major policy document released each
year. Agriculture is a significant issue in the world's most populous nation,
with problems including low farmer income, pollution and a lack of competitive
agricultural companies.

Efforts have been made to increase farmers' incomes, but the gap between urban
and rural incomes remains. Growth of rural incomes has outpaced that of urban
dwellers since 2010, but nonetheless, Chinese villagers only earn about one
third of city residents.

Without increased government investment in agriculture, tourism and other income
sources for farmers combined with higher value agricultural products, hopes of
reducing the gap will be in vain.

China has to feed about one fifth of world's population from less than 10
percent of the arable land. Environmental protection was never given enough
weight in farming and over-exploitation of farmland must come to an end. Use of
chemicals and fertilizers per hectare in China was once 70 percent higher than
the world average, resulting in more than 40 percent of farmland being degraded.
Protecting farmland is an uphill battle that China must win.

Many farmers in their 50s or 60s till plots of less than half an acre, while
their children work in cities. Those seniors will soon quit farming and about
200 million rural people are expected to move into cities over the coming
decades, so China has to develop large-scale, environmentally friendly farming,
and must do it quickly.

A high percentage of China's population are employed in agriculture, but a short
list of reputable agricultural businesses compares poorly with the United States
and France. Innovation must play a bigger role in farming, and Chinese
agricultural companies with global clout must be fostered.

A list of 32 points related to agriculture, rural areas and farmers was in the
No 1 document released on Sunday, but implementation is the key. You have to sow
today to reap tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                 July 21, 2009

Farmers' incomes 'will be well below the poverty line'

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


CUTS in farm schemes will drive the incomes of thousands of farm families below
EUR 5 an hour and well below the poverty line, it has been claimed.

The IFA president Padraig Walshe said that Agriculture Minister Smith's decision
to close the Rural Environmental Protection Scheme (REPS) and to further cut the
Disadvantaged Areas supports is the last straw for the hard-pressed farming
sector.

"These decisions will drive the incomes of thousands of farm families below EUR
5 an hour and well below the poverty line and are in stark contrast to the
quoted hourly rates enjoyed by other sectors.

"The inequity of these Government decisions is creating a totally elitist
society where the producers of food are compelled to operate in one of the most
costly and bureaucratic economies in the world."

Speaking in relation to the series of nationwide protests by farmers,

Mr Walshe said that the anger amongst farmers at the Government decision to
close REPS 4 was growing by the day.

Sligo farmers, who staged a protest last week in Sligo outside the office of
Fianna Fail TD Jimmy Devins, also took part in a major demonstration in Cavan on
Saturday last outside the office of Agriculture Minister Brendan Smith.

IFA president Padraig Walshe said that "tragically Minister Smith and his
Department are in denial on the impact of their cuts on agriculture and the
Minister is unable to defend agriculture around the cabinet table".

He said: "This is the third time that Government has attacked farm income in the
past nine months and the farming community are set to revolt against Minister
Smith's lack of support and under-standing for the dire income crisis situation
facing tens of thousands of farm families across the country." Mr Walshe said
REPS rewarded farmers for operating a more environmentally sustainable manner
and society will pay a big price for the scheme's abolition. Minister Smith's
Green party colleague Trevor Sargent in the Department of Agriculture has turned
his back on the principles of his own party in supporting the abolition of REPS,
which was essential to achieve his targets for organic farming.

"Minister Smith must immediately support the farming community and reverse these
draconian decisions."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Scots farm incomes fall by half in just four years

BYLINE: Andrew Arbuckle

LENGTH: 495  words


The decline in profitability in Scottish agriculture in recent years was
yesterday confirmed with the latest statistics showing that farm incomes had
halved in the four years to 2014.

The Scottish Government's annual farm accounts survey shows average farm
business income fell by a quarter, or £8,000, between 2013 and 2014, to a new
record low of £23,000.

Income has been falling from a peak of £51,000 in 2010. Since then commercial
farms have experienced a decrease in income of 55 per cent.

Converting the income estimates to hourly income for unpaid labour - from farm
owners, family members and business partners - shows that the income generated
from almost half of farm businesses wouldn't have been enough to meet the legal
minimum agricultural wage for paid workers. The figures also include the one in
five farm businesses that made a loss in 2014.

And the decline in profitability is predicted to accelerate when the final
figures for 2015 are released, as provisional income estimates released in
January showed a £110 million decrease with commodity prices continuing to fall.

NFU Scotland director of policy Jonnie Hall said it was no surprise that farm
incomes had halved over the four years to 2014.

"It's all about costs, markets and support," he saids. "And, for the vast
majority of businesses across almost all sectors, these three are conspiring to
drag incomes down.

"Continually rising input costs, both of production and compliance, and low and
often volatile market returns have prolonged the cost-price squeeze that
Scottish agriculture has faced for a number of years."

Hall then pointed to the important role that farm subsidies played in farm
income.

"In years gone by, direct support payments went a long way in plugging the
cost-price gap," he said. "However, the gap is widening while support is
reducing in a number of ways including the reduced common agricultural policy
budget and an unhelpful euro exchange rate."

He added: "This may yet be compounded further as the full extent of
redistribution of CAP support reveals itself as we see the new area-based
payments bed in.

"This undoubtedly suggests that support from now on has to be more targeted, to
underpin active farming and crofting, while farm businesses, processors and
retailers, and policy makers, all need to focus on cutting costs and ensuring
fairer margins throughout the entire supply chain."

Scotland's rural affairs secretary Richard Lochhead also expressed his
disappointment at the figures, as he pointed out that more than £2 billion of
agricultural support from the Scottish Government and Europe was injected into
the industry between 2010 and 2014.

He called on Europe to put more effort into sorting the dysfunctional supply
chain: "Scotland's farmers are the backbone of one of the country's most
successful sectors - food and drink - and yet they don't appear to be reaping
the rewards to the same degree as the rest of the supply chain, and that needs
to change."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                          December 13, 2003, Saturday

CONCERN OVER FARM INCOMES;
 LISTOODER PLOUGHING SOCIETY'S ANNUAL MATCH

BYLINE: DAVID MCCOY

SECTION: FARMING LIFE; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 383 words

HIGHLIGHT: ABOVE: Cousins Andrew and Aaron Gill keep at an eye on proceedings at
Listooder Ploughing Society's annual match. LEFT: John Gill and Stanley Murphy
catch up on the news at the match; RIGHT: Lawrence McMillan and William King
judge the plots


THE drop in net farm incomes in the past year was a disturbing development which
showed that a more radical approach was needed to re-structure the agricultural
sector than was presently in place, an MLA has said.

Billy Armstrong, UUP Assembly Member for Mid Ulster, pointed out that net farm
incomes for all types of farming had dropped by 54 per cent in the past year,
from pounds 9,800 in 2001/2 to only pounds 4,500 in 2002/3.

"Worst hit were the dairy and cattle and sheep sectors with drops of 65 per cent
and 79 per cent respectively. Within the last fortnight there has been a drop in
the pig sector.

"All of this paints a bleak picture and shows that a major re-structuring of
agriculture is needed," said Mr Armstrong.

The ratio between cash income and net income showed that a cash income of pounds
18,800 produced a net income of only pounds 4,500 compared to a cash income of
pounds 21,300 in the previous year producing an income of pounds 9,800. In the
cattle and sheep sector, a cash income of pounds 16,200 produced a net income of
only pounds 1,200, added Mr Armstrong.

"It has to be remembered that these figures published by DARD include not only
income from direct farming but also income from the diversified businesses
developed by farmers, from food processing to holiday lets," he said.

"So, after all the rural development measures adopted by DARD, farming is still
struggling. Since agriculture employs some 84,000 people, it is a major Northern
Ireland industry. We must hope that Government does not allow agriculture to go
to the wall along with the textiles industry. The obvious conclusion from all
this is that the agriculture sector needs re-structuring. I have been calling
for restructuring since April 1999 and I want to see real action by DARD on this
front in the coming months. This needs to be done in a sensitive way and not
left to the callousness of the market," said Mr Armstrong.

"The young entrants' packages already developed need to be extended. We must
encourage new ideas in farming through young, entrepreneurial,
business-orientated talent being encouraged into the industry. Whatever happens
must be of sufficient scale and vision to put agriculture on a sound and more
stable economic footing," added the MLA.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Agency for International Development (Washington) Issues
Solicitation for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for Climate Smart Agriculture"

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agency for International Development, Washington D.C.Officer has issued
requirement for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for  Climate Smart Agriculture"

Solicitation no. BAA-OAA-BFS-2015

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date:
April 6, 2015
Response Date:
Apr 15, 2015 11:59 pm Eastern

Description: This Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) seeks opportunities to
co-create, co-design, co-invest, and collaborate in the research, development,
piloting, testing, and scaling of innovative, practical and cost-effective
activities in the general area of Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA). The focus of
this BAA is to identify innovative thinking, best practices and promising
programs that will provide cost effective and practical options to respond to
climate and weather related impacts on small holder farmer-based food and
agriculture systems in low income countries.   In many cases, such options and
practices may provide a "double or triple win" by also reducing greenhouse gas
emissions and improving agriculture income and productivity.
This BAA serves to inform the public of the opportunity for possible funding for
innovations and approaches to Climate Smart Agriculture as it impacts small
holder farmers and food and agricultural systems in low income countries. Any
opportunities for funding and partnering will be issued as Addenda to this BAA.
The terms of the BAA apply to each Addendum. Individual addenda may have
specific requirements for evaluation criteria and administrative information,
such as the requirements for expressions of interest, concept papers, and
response deadlines. Further information can be found in the full BAA document
attached.In Addendum Number 0001 to the Climate Smart Agriculture BAA, USAID
seeks knowledge and solutions to the current problem of limited levels of
private sector engagement and investment in Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA)
practices and technologies.
The main focus of this work is to help smallholder-based food and agriculture
systems in low-income countries adapt to climate and weather change impacts.
The countries supported by the USG Feed the Future Initiative are the primary
geographic focus. Collaboration opportunities that align with USAID's focus
value chains in the Feed the Future countries are particularly encouraged.  More
information on the Feed the Future Initiative and FTF focus and aligned
countries can be found at www.feedthefuture.org. Further information can be
found in the full Addendum 0001 attached.


  The purpose of Amendment 1 to this Addendum 0001 is to specify a time deadline
for EOI submissions, to establish a due date for Questions, and update the Feed
the Future web address.


  The purpose of Amendment 2 to this Addendum 0002 is to Attach the answers to
all questions submitted by the deadline established in Amendment 1. See the full
attached Amendment 2 for Q&A document.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue,
 NW Room 7.10-006 Washington,
 District of Columbia 20523 United States

Point of Contact(s): Kelly Fink,
 Contracting/Agreement Officer kfink@usaid.gov Phone: (202) 567-5295

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Agency for International Development (Washington) Issues
Solicitation for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for Climate Smart Agriculture"

LENGTH: 548  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agency for International Development, Washington D.C.Officer has issued
requirement for "Bureau for Food Security (BFS) Broad Agency Announcement (BAA)
for  Climate Smart Agriculture"

Solicitation no. BAA-OAA-BFS-2015

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date:
April 6, 2015
Response Date:
Apr 15, 2015 11:59 pm Eastern

Description: This Broad Agency Announcement (BAA) seeks opportunities to
co-create, co-design, co-invest, and collaborate in the research, development,
piloting, testing, and scaling of innovative, practical and cost-effective
activities in the general area of Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA). The focus of
this BAA is to identify innovative thinking, best practices and promising
programs that will provide cost effective and practical options to respond to
climate and weather related impacts on small holder farmer-based food and
agriculture systems in low income countries.   In many cases, such options and
practices may provide a "double or triple win" by also reducing greenhouse gas
emissions and improving agriculture income and productivity.
This BAA serves to inform the public of the opportunity for possible funding for
innovations and approaches to Climate Smart Agriculture as it impacts small
holder farmers and food and agricultural systems in low income countries. Any
opportunities for funding and partnering will be issued as Addenda to this BAA.
The terms of the BAA apply to each Addendum. Individual addenda may have
specific requirements for evaluation criteria and administrative information,
such as the requirements for expressions of interest, concept papers, and
response deadlines. Further information can be found in the full BAA document
attached.In Addendum Number 0001 to the Climate Smart Agriculture BAA, USAID
seeks knowledge and solutions to the current problem of limited levels of
private sector engagement and investment in Climate Smart Agriculture (CSA)
practices and technologies.
The main focus of this work is to help smallholder-based food and agriculture
systems in low-income countries adapt to climate and weather change impacts.
The countries supported by the USG Feed the Future Initiative are the primary
geographic focus. Collaboration opportunities that align with USAID's focus
value chains in the Feed the Future countries are particularly encouraged.  More
information on the Feed the Future Initiative and FTF focus and aligned
countries can be found at www.feedthefuture.org. Further information can be
found in the full Addendum 0001 attached.


  The purpose of Amendment 1 to this Addendum 0001 is to specify a time deadline
for EOI submissions, to establish a due date for Questions, and update the Feed
the Future web address.


  The purpose of Amendment 2 to this Addendum 0002 is to Attach the answers to
all questions submitted by the deadline established in Amendment 1. See the full
attached Amendment 2 for Q&A document.

Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: 1300 Pennsylvania Avenue,
 NW Room 7.10-006 Washington,
 District of Columbia 20523 United States

Point of Contact(s): Kelly Fink,
 Contracting/Agreement Officer kfink@usaid.gov Phone: (202) 567-5295

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           December 18, 2007 Tuesday

China focuses on "balanced" development of agriculture

LENGTH: 565 words


Agriculture and rural development led the agenda of a senior party meeting which
focused on a balanced development of rural and urban areas, Xinhua has reported,
adding that President Hu Jintao chaired the meeting. The agency quoted a
statement adopted at the meeting as saying "The Party has always made the
development of agriculture, farmers and rural areas a priority... but we must
see that there are quite a few challenges". The following is the text of report
in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency);
subheadings have been inserted editorially:

["Rural Issue, Anti-Corruption High on CCP Meeting Agenda" - Xinhua headline]

BEIJING, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) - The battles to raise farmers' income and curb
corruption were highlighted at a senior party meeting here Tuesday.

At the meeting of the Political Bureau of the Central Committee of Chinese
Communist Party (CCP) presided over by President Hu Jintao, participants
discussed the policies to balance the development in urban and rural areas as
well as to fight against corruption, said a statement issued after the meeting.

Focus on agriculture

"The Party has always made the development of agriculture, farmers and rural
areas a priority... but we must see that there are quite a few challenges," says
the statement, noting that the foundation of agriculture remained weak and the
gap between the urban and rural development kept growing.

The participants at the meeting agreed the government would invest more in
agriculture and rural development projects and work out more policies to support
and benefit agriculture, rural areas and farmers.

At the meeting, a number of policies on agriculture were announced, including
more investment in infrastructure and irrigation facilities in rural areas,
better conservation of farmland, more new agricultural technologies and support
for industrialized farming.

Special efforts would be made to improve basic healthcare services in the
countryside and include more villagers in the social insurance network, the
statement says.

China has picked up a series of policies to benefit rural areas and agriculture
and increase the farmers' income, including more investment from the central
budget and fewer taxes.

Farmers' income

In the first three quarters this year, the average cash income of a rural
resident stood at 3,321 yuan (448 US dollars), up 14.8 per cent over the same
period last year.

The meeting also stressed that the CCP will intensify its fight against
corruption and give such work a "more prominent place" on its agenda.

The meeting urged China's Party discipline organs and government supervision
departments to speed up their work on setting a new plan to improve the
anti-corruption system between 2008 and 2012.

Anti-corruption plan

The plan was designed to collect new ideas and measures to prevent corruption
and punish corrupt officials.

"Party committees at various levels must realize the perennial, complex and
arduous nature of the anti-corruption fight, and implement the guidelines issued
at the CCP's 17th National Congress," the statement says.

The CCP is to hold its annual conference on rural work but the date is yet to be
set, and the second plenary session of the CCP's 17th Central Commission for
Discipline Inspection will be held in January, according to the statement.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1335 gmt 18 Dec 07

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                            January 18, 2005 Tuesday

Malpeque MP meeting farmers across country to discuss income

SECTION: THE PROVINCE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 220  words


P.E.I. MP Wayne Easter is about to begin a two-week cross- country consultation
tour to hear first-hand the challenges facing Canadian farmers.

Easter is the parliamentary secretary for Agriculture and Agri- food with
special emphasis on rural development.

He will meet with farmers Jan. 17-29 to get a better understanding of farm
income prospects and gather farmers' input on what needs to be done to help
producers earn more in the marketplace.

Easter said Canadian farmers are among the best in the world.

"They are efficient, they produce high-quality products and they have the
leadership and the vision to succeed at home and around the world," he said.

"By working together, we can find lasting solutions to the farm income problem
in Canada, and help ensure the future of Canadian agriculture is as successful
and accomplished as its past."

Agriculture and Agri-Food Minister Andy Mitchell asked Easter to take a lead
role in this process and to develop a report to be considered by
federal/provincial/territorial ministers of Agriculture at their annual meeting
later this year.

Mitchell said farmers from across Canada have faced numerous challenges
recently, and addressing farm income means understanding what factors are
affecting the agriculture industry and determining the best ways for the
industry to respond.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

FORM 8-K: China Green Agriculture, Inc FILES Current report

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: Washington


China Green Agriculture, Inc, Nevada, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with
Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2014

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Nevada

Item 2.02    Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On September 12, 2014, China Green Agriculture, Inc., a corporation incorporated
in the State of Nevada (the "Company"), issued a press release announcing (i)
certain financial results for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014; (ii) guidance
for the revenues and net incomes for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015 and the
first quarter ended September 30, 2014; and (iii) a conference call to be held
by the Company on Friday, September 12, 2014 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time to
discuss the results of operations for the year ended June 30, 2014. A copy of
the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.

Item 9.01    Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

The following is filed as an exhibit to this report:


Exhibit No.     Description

99.1     Press Release, dated September 12, 2014

China Green Agriculture Reports Fiscal Year 2014 Financial Results

Provides Guidance on the First Fiscal Quarter 2015 and Fiscal Year 2015 Revenues
and Net Incomes

XI'AN, China,

China Green Agriculture, Inc. (NYSE: CGA; "China Green Agriculture" or the
"Company"), a company mainly produces and distributes humic acid-based compound
fertilizers, varieties of compound fertilizers and agricultural products through
its subsidiaries in China, today announced its financial results for the Fiscal
Year ended June 30, 2014 and Guidance on Revenues and Net Incomes of the First
Fiscal Quarter 2015 and Fiscal Year 2015.

Highlights:

· Sales increased 7.6% to $233.4 million; Net Income decreased 44.6% to $25.5
million; Earning per Share (EPS) of $0.81 in Fiscal Year 2014.
 · First Fiscal Quarter 2015 Guidance: Revenue of $50.7 million to $54.3
million; Net Income of $5.9 million to $7.8 million; EPS of $0.18 to $0.24 based
on 32.4 million fully diluted shares.
 · Fiscal Year 2015 Guidance: Revenue of $254.7 million to $268.8 million; Net
Income of $26 million to $35.1 million; EPS of $0.8 to $1.08 based on 32.4
million fully diluted shares.

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 24, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Farm income figures are deceptive

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 695 words


This year's harvest could produce a shocking and unexpected bounty:
record farm income.

Farm receipts -- the income farmers get from the sale of crops,
produce, dairy products, cattle, hogs and poultry -- will plunge
to the lowest level since 1987, according to an analysis by Sparks
Cos., a commodity consulting firm.

But huge government payments are expected to make up the difference,
Sparks says. Congress is considering a $ 7.4 billion bailout and
could further sweeten the package before sending it to President
Clinton, who is expected to sign the plan into law this fall.


Add the $ 7.4 billion in emergency money to $ 16.6 billion in previously
approved government farm payments, and farmers could be getting
39% of their income from Washington.

The bailout has created "a disconnect between what the numbers
show and what you read about and hear from farm organizations,"
says J.B. Penn, a senior vice president at Sparks.

The hitch? Many government programs steer the bulk of payments
to farmers who need help the least -- big operators with lower
costs and healthier balance sheets. About 350,000 of the nation's
1.9 million farms are responsible for 87% of U.S. farm production.

The Sparks analysis distorts the picture because it masks unevenness
among farmers growing different crops and raising different animals,
says Keith Collins, chief economist at the Department of Agriculture.

Payments or not, farmers are "straining under cash-flow problems,
particularly for crops and hogs, and there are serious debt problems
for about 20% of U.S. farm businesses," Collins says.


<>Farm income over the years<>

U.S. farm income will hit a record this year if the $ 7.4 billion
farm bill is passed into law. (In billions)

              Farm receipts         Govt. payments           Total income
 1991             $42.1                  $8.2                   $50.3
 1992             $45.9                  $9.2                   $55.1
 1993             $45.4                 $13.4                   $58.8
 1994             $42.9                  $7.9                   $50.8
 1995             $45.3                  $7.3                   $52.6
 1996             $50.2                  $7.3                   $57.5
 1997             $51.0                  $7.5                   $58.5
 1998             $42.7                 $12.2                   $54.9
 1999[+1]         $37.1                 $24.0                   $61.1

 1 - estimate

Sources: Sparks, Department of Agriculture

<>USA's exports to Asia<>

Foreign purchases of U.S. farm commodities have fallen sharply
since peaking in 1996, but Asia remains the biggest buyer. U.S.
exports to Asia, in billions:

                                                     Pct. of total
                           1996           1998           in '98
 Soybeans                  $3.5           $2.2             45%
 Wheat                     $3.0           $1.8             49%
 Feed grains               $6.0           $2.9             58%
 Cotton                    $1.9           $1.4             56%
 Red meat                  $3.3           $2.7             61%
 Fruits and vegetables     $2.7           $2.4             35%

 Source: Department of Agriculture

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           April 15, 1987, Wednesday

EC INTRODUCES SCHEME TO AID SMALL FARMERS

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: BRUSSELS, Belgium


The European Commission unveiled its first plan aimed at softening the impact of
the common agriculture policy reform by granting direct income aid to small
farmers.

The plan, which could run from five to 10 years and could cost the European
Community 2.3 billion ECUs ($ 2.6 billion) will be submitted to EC farm inisters
for approval.

In a program that would include both EC and national aid, funds would be given
to help farmers retire early and to help small farms survive.

Community aid should not exceed 2,500 ECUs ($ 2,850) per farm per year. The EC
will pay from 10 percent to 70 percent of the aid, depending on the area, with
poorer regions getting the most.

Explaining the scheme to the press, Frans Andriessen, European commissioner for
agriculture, said the community aid to farm income was estimated to cost 1.8
billion ECUs ($ 2 billion) over 10 years.

He said 318,000 farms were eligible. The latest available number of farms in the
EC (excluding Spain and Portugal, which joined last year) was 5,176 in 1984. In
1985, there were 7.6 million farmers in the EC (10.4 million with Spain and
Portugal).

The community plans to finance part of the aid to be granted to farmers whose
income is below 125 percent of the farm income average in their area or below
100 percent of the national average income.

The commission plan also included national aid, which could be granted to
farmers earning less than the average farm income in their area or less than 80
percent of the overall national average income. The aid cannot bring the
farmer's income above 90 percent of the national average.

Commission farm experts could not say how many farmers would be eligible and the
amount of national aid the plan would represent.

The third part of the commission plan was the early retirement scheme. It would
be limited to 3,000 ECUs ($ 3,420) a year for farmers aged 55 to 60 and 2,000
ECUs ($ 2,280) for farmers aged 60 to 65, Mr. Andriessen said.

A total of 44,000 farmers would be eligible, he said. Some 1.2 million acres
could be withdrawn from production. The EC's total farming area is 328 million
acres.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             March 20, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agriculture ministers gather today

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 172  words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


VANCOUVER (CP) -- World trade talks, bird flu and an income assistance plan for
farmers will be at the top of the agenda when agriculture ministers meet at a
B.C. resort today.

The politicians will be heading into the meeting against a backdrop of protests
by Ontario farmers, who took to the province's highways Friday to express their
frustration over a federal-provincial plan that financially supports farmers in
times of need.

"The farm income crisis is at the top of everybody's minds," Bob Friesen,
president of the Canadian Federation of Agriculture, said from Glenboro, Man.

Friesen said cash-strapped farmers want the federal government to waive the
application fee for the Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization Program, an
income-assistance plan.

Pat Bell, B.C.'s agriculture minister, said the application fee is nominal and
that he doesn't have a big issue with seeing it waived.

Bell conceded some aspects of the assistance program established three years ago
don't work well, but said its overall principles are fine.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday

No discrepancy found in Tareen's tax record

BYLINE: Hasnaat Malik

LENGTH: 443  words


In the on-going legal battle between the ruling PML-N and the PTI, the
government's agencies have made minute inquiry of the tax history of Jahangir
Tareen, but failed to point out any tangible anomalies so far.

What was quite unusual in this process, the Federal Board of Revenue (FBR) even
checked discrepancies where Tareen declared his agriculture income in 2010 as
Rs700,282,618 while the petitioner - PML-N's Haneef Abbasi - claimed it was
Rs700,282,263.

"This is what happens when you are in the opposition," remarked a senior
official of the FBR. The FBR report presented before the Supreme Court on Friday
did not mention any major discrepancy in Tareen's tax record.

However, the tax authority informed the apex court that it is in the process of
challenging the Appellate Tribunal Inland Revenue (ATIR), Lahore's order,
wherein it set aside Rs199 million tax demand against the senior PTI leader.

The tribunal in its judgment on October 24 had dismissed the FBR's plea and said
the government agency had acted in an "indecent haste and with a pre-determined
mind".

The FBR in its reply states that wealth statements of Tareen from 2010 to 2015
have been carefully examined and it has been found that he has not disclosed any
offshore company.

However, it stated that it has already been investigating the issue of the
Panama leaks and issued a notice to Tareen under Section 176 of the ITO 2001.
The reply further states that it has been alleged by the petitioner that Tareen
has evaded provincial agriculture income tax payable in respect of FY2010-11.

"Collection and assessment of agriculture income tax does not fall within the
purview of the FBR. The levy, collection and assessment of agriculture income
tax fall in the domain of the provincial government."

It is submitted that for 2010, the highlighted difference in agriculture income
was confronted to Jahangir Khan Tareen by the field office of the FBR concerned
in May 2016 under Section 122(9) read with Section 122(5) of the ITO-2001.

"Upon furnishing the reply by Tareen, no adverse inference was drawn by the
officer concerned with respect to the difference in agriculture income, and the
proceedings were finalised accordingly vide order in June 2016.

"The said order was found by the competent authority in the relevant field
formation of the FBR to be erroneous and prejudicial to the interest of revenue.

"Resultantly, proceedings under Section 122(5A) and Section 122 (4) of the ITO
were initiated against him by way of issuance of a notice in August 2016.

However, Tareen challenged the vires of the notice before the LHC. The LHC had
granted stay in the matter which still holds the field."

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            August 20, 1990, Monday

Prices and income fall as costs rise in the 1980s; Agriculture has come under
increasing pressure after a decade of surpluses, falling prices, and continued
criticism that it is harming the environment. Stephen Ward asked farmers how
they viewed the future

BYLINE: By STEPHEN WARD

SECTION: HOME NEWS PAGE; Page 4

LENGTH: 313 words


PRICES OF British farming produce and the income of farmers both fell by more
than a third in real terms during the 1980s, a study published today shows.

At the same time, the main costs for farmers - labour, machinery, fuel and rents
- have all risen more quickly than produce prices, and many by more than the
rate of inflation, figures published by Richard Howarth, of the University of
Wales, Bangor, show.

Farmers are getting a smaller proportion of every pound spent in the shops on
food - traditionally 50p, but down to 44p in 1980, and 41p in 1987, the latest
available figure.

In a new edition of Farming for Farmers, published by the right- wing research
group the Institute of Economic Affairs, Mr Howarth shows that farmers are
experiencing a genuine decline.

The number of full-time farmers has fallen slowly but steadily from 215,000 in
1979 to 189,000 in 1989. Using figures from the Ministry of Agriculture, he
shows that in 1989 the average income for a full-time farmer was pounds 7,624.

The level of public spending support for agriculture has remained constant in
real terms since the 1960s. On top of that there has remained a second element
of subsidy by consumers who have to pay EC prices rather than (lower) world
prices for food.

In Britain, consumption of beef, lamb, bacon and ham have fallen steadily.
Poultry consumption has risen 47 per cent. Margarine, cheese and fruit, which
have all gone up, are chiefly imported. Over the decade 1979 to 1989, milk sales
fell by 7.3 per cent.

Technological developments and new seed strains have doubled production per acre
of cereals and sugar beet since the 1960s and tripled that of potatoes.

''The rate of supply growth remained at approximately double the rate of demand
growth. . .The inevitable downward pressure on farm product prices persisted
throughout the 1980s,'' the book says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Independent Print Ltd


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Farm incomes reached record levels in 2015

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 239 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


Agriculture Canada says 2015 could be a bumper year for farm incomes.

The department says in its annual farm outlook that farm incomes reached record
levels in 2015 and will remain above average this year.

"Our analysis shows that 2015 and 2016 should be among the most successful years
in the history of Canadian agriculture," Rodney Myer, director of the farm
economic analysis division, said in a conference call Friday. "We expect that
net cash income in 2015 will reach $15 billion, which is about six per cent
above the record set in 2014."

The report provides a forecast of farm income for the previous and current
calendar years and looks ahead 10 years to trends that could impact the
agriculture sector.

Myer said they're expecting a decline to $13.6 billion this year, but that's
still historically high, and 14 per cent higher than the 2010-2014 average.

The average net operating income in 2015 is forecast to be $77,287, and the
average net worth per farm is expected to reach $2.7 million this year.

Myer said there was "significant concern" early in the 2015 growing season that
dry conditions in Western Canada would mean a short crop and a sharp decline in
farm cash receipts. But "late summer rainfall rejuvenated withered crops," he
said.

The outlook says a projected two per cent increase in both crop and livestock
receipts contributed to strong income levels. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

Milk price dropping, farmers' spirits drooping

BYLINE: Nick Reisman, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 733 words


Sep. 2--The outlook for the dairy industry in Washington County has gone from
bad to worse.

Dairy farmers in the county will likely see their combined net income tumble
more than $26 million by the end of 2009 if wholesale prices continue a yearlong
free-fall.

The net income from dairy producers in Washington County in 2008 was $86.8
million. It is expected to drop to $60 million by the end of this year,
according to a report from the state Department of Agriculture and Markets.

The decline mirrors a nationwide trend for all farmers.

Net income for farmers across the country has fallen as wholesale commodity
prices have dropped.

Agricultural producers across the country will experience a 38 percent drop in
net income by the end of the year, according to a U.S. Department of Agriculture
report released this week.

The national decline in farm income, from $87.2 billion in 2008 to a projected
$54 billion in 2009, has agriculture observers worried that, even when prices
improve, many farmers won't be able to recover.

"I think it's going to be challenging for some to manage that," said Brian
Ziehm, an Easton dairy farmer and president of the Washington County Farm
Bureau. "You're going to see some operations exit. It's not good, but it's
probably going to be what happens."

Over the last 10 years, agriculture in the U.S. has produced an average annual
net income of $63 billion, according to the Department of Agriculture.

Falling wholesale prices for products like corn, wheat and soybeans have
contributed to the current decline.

The dairy industry, the driver of Washington County's economy, is in
particularly dire straits.

Dairy produce at the wholesale level is measured by the hundredweight -- 100
pounds of milk -- with a healthy price at about $18 per hundredweight. Since
March, wholesale prices have hovered at about $12 per hundredweight in the
Northeast, according to the Federal Milk Market Administration.

The decline is also causing problems for businesses that rely on farmers'
success.

"All that money is not circulating in the rural communities like it has been in
the past," Ziehm said. "You can call contractors, welders and the surface people
because they are in as big a trouble as we are. When they (farmers) can't pay
their bills, it really puts a lot of strain on (others)."

Farmers have always been subject to economic cycles. But the peaks in recent
years are becoming higher, and the valleys much lower.

Only last year, wholesale milk prices were topping out at $20 per hundredweight.

"We have been through these cycles before, but they haven't been as sharp a
swing," said George Flint, a salesman at Salem Farm Supply in Salem. "It's kind
of like the stock market. You wouldn't want that kind of swing in your paycheck;
neither would I."

Farmers are less likely to buy new equipment during a downturn, he said.

"Where they would, in a normal year, be buying new equipment, they're patching
or taking out repair notes to fix older equipment," Flint said. "They're not
buying anything that they don't absolutely need to have."

Sandy Buxton, a business educator at Washington County Cornell Cooperative
Extension, said the cost of production continues to be high for dairy farmers.

"Every price has dropped on the income side, and, oddly enough, nothing has
dropped on the expense side," Buxton said. "It's still very expensive to do
business."

But she sees one silver lining, she said.

Vegetable producers are in relatively good shape, despite the late blight that
devastated tomato crops, Buxton said.

"I guess if you were able to do hay, hay prices are remaining strong; feed
prices are fairly good, and the fresh market vegetables have been real good,"
she said.

Buxton expressed surprise the dairy crisis isn't resonating with more people.

"If another industry in Washington County was talking about (a $26 million
loss,) it seems like it would be a big deal," she said. "The average person
doesn't seem to realize there's much of a problem in the dairy industry."

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-GN-MILK-PRICES-20090902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2009 The Post-Star


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            October 27, 2013 Sunday

Farm Briefs for Oct. 27

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 416 words


Ag tourism continues at Sierra Oro Farm Trail on Nov. 3

Farms and businesses along the Sierra Oro Farm Trail will be open from noon to 5
p.m. Nov. 3 as a continuation of the ag tourism Sundays program.

Check out the places to visit atwww.sierraoro.org .

Also, van tours will resume, where people can join a tour or grab their own
group to make a self-guided tour of farms and wineries. The tours continue
through December. The cost is $50 per person or $80 for two, and includes lunch.

U.S. Agriculture Department data shows farm income on the rise

WASHINGTON D.C.   The latest data from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Economic Research Service projects net farm income for 2013 at $128.2 billion,
expected to be the highest since 1973.

Net cash income, which measures the difference between cash expenses and the
combination of commodities sold during the calendar year plus other sources of
farm income, is forecast at $123.5 billion, down almost 9 percent from 2012.
Even so the 2013 forecast would be the fourth time net cash income, after
adjusting for inflation, has exceeded $100 billion since 1973, ERS says.

Organic food sales in United States continue steady increase

U.S. consumer demand for organically produced goods has grown continuously since
USDA established national standards for organic production and processing in
2002, the USDA publication Amber Waves reports, http://goo.gl/oWXjKr

During the economic slowdown of 2007-2009, purchases of organic foods decreased,
but has since rebounded, the report continues.

Industry analysts estimate that U.S. organic food sales were $28 billion in 2012
(over 4 percent of total at-home food sales), up 11 percent from 2011.

Sales of Angus Beef are up

Sales of certified Angus beef were up 6.7 percent as of Sept. 30, according to
an online newsletter of CattleNetwork, making the seventh year of annual growth.

Food service makes up about 1/3 of the beef brand's total sales this year.

For the first time, exports of Angus beef topped 100 million pounds, which is an
increase of 17 percent over last year.

Pistachios gains a two-wheeling friend

FRESNO   American Pistachio Growers announced the addition of British pro
cyclist Mark Cavendish as its nut ambassador, and the athlete has declared the
pistachio his "official snack."

Cavendish has 25 stage wins at Le Tour de France and is regarded as one of pro
cycling's top sprinters.

Also on the pistachio team are silver Olympic medal-winning women and men's USA
polo teams, a press release states.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Why Budget FY16 makes sense

LENGTH: 795  words


Finance minister Arun Jaitley is a smart man. When everyone was hoping that he
will be presenting a pro-business Budget, he presented the one with a flavour of
socialist capitalism. He surely had the remembrance of the India Shinning
campaign which completely backfired on the earlier NDA government. The
perception about economic reforms only benefiting the rich might have been one
of the factors responsible for the ouster of the NDA government in 2004.

To understand what motivated him to present a Budget with a socialist approach,
it would make sense to look at our income data. When one compares district-level
per-capita income data for 2001-02 and 2009-10, one finds that income
distribution has not changed for the worse. In fact, district-level real income
has increased. Between 2001-02 and 2009-10, there has been an increase in real
per-capita income. Growth across districts has been uniform across India. A
reason for the fall in regional income inequality is because the private sector,
without relying too much on the government, is moving capital to relatively
cheaper tier 2 and tier 3 towns. This is good news.

However, at a disaggregated level, things look different. Decomposition of
district-level data into agriculture, industry and services shows that, for the
agriculture sector, there has been virtually no movement for the income density
function; for industry it is little; whereas most part of the district income
growth story is explained by the size of services. The India growth story is
because of capital-intensive large business houses such as Tatas, Reliance, etc,
and service sector behemoths such as Infosys, TCS and Tech Mahindra. In fact,
70% of India's stock market wealth is explained by 30 big corporates, and in the
case of services, 90% of the businesses are generated by only 0.2% of services
companies.

This is problematic. In India, still 50% of the people earn their livelihood
from agriculture, contributing to 17% of national income. As per the new GDP
series, industry (including manufacturing, mining and quarrying, electric, gas
and water supply, and construction) contributes around 31%, and services around
52% of national income. The problem of income inequality is very much evident.
In India, 90% of the jobs and half of its GDP come from the unorganised sector.
Agricultural income is highly volatile and is surely in need for intervention to
smoothen out the consumption cycle. So is the intervention for about 6 crore
MSMEs, suffering from acute capital shortage.

Given this, what the finance minister did is appreciable. To ensure equal
distribution of income, Jaitley made sure he has sufficient funds for
agriculture and MSME sectors. So that the farmers do not suffer from volatile
agricultural income, R5,300 crore has been set aside to support micro irrigation
programmes such as drip water system. Additionally, farmers will also get credit
access of R8.5 lakh crore. The Budget proposal also talked about a unified
national agriculture market, so that price realisation is better for farmers.

For the MSME sector, Jaitley also allocated R20,000 crore for the Micro Units
Development Refinance Agency (MUDRA) Bank. He allocated an additional R1,000
crore to boost capital flow for the start-ups by the MSME sector. Accessibility
to finance for these enterprises will give a boost to the MSME sector, and will
create much-needed employment generation. India has a growing young population,
with two-thirds of its population below 35. The government does realise that
finance is a major challenge for entrepreneurs, and this is a great step towards
financial inclusion.

So that the poorest in the society have little to complain, in a
first-of-its-kind move, Jaitley attempted to universalise the social security
system.

In India, around 26.1% of its 1.27 billion population lives below the poverty
line and 63 million people have been driven into poverty due to high cost of
healthcare. Health insurance penetration in India is only around 5%. The finance
minister introduced the Pradhan Mantri Suraksha Bima Yojana, which will offer
accident cover of R2 lakh at a premium of just R12 per year, and the Pradhan
Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana, which will offer life cover of R2 lakh for the
age group between 18 and 50, at a premium of R330 per year. These type of
targeted interventions are not new. In fact, 20% of all those living in
developing countries now receive benefit from at least one programme that aims
at alleviating poverty. The estimate from the World Bank suggests such coverage
is increasing by 3.5% annually. In short, Jaitley presented a very pragmatic
Budget.

By Nilanjan Banik

The author is with Mahindra Ecole Centrale. He is the author of The Indian
Economy: A Macroeconomic Perspective

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2015 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            December 18, 2011 Sunday

UTAR charts future in agriculture

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 440 words


ACCORDING to the United Nations, some one billion people in the world suffer
from malnourishment.

The world population is expected to increase by a further three billion this
century, showing us how important food production and agriculture are to
mankind.

Malaysia also realises the importance of agriculture. As the country moves
towards becoming a high-income economy by 2020, the government has established
various National Key Economic Areas (NKEAs) under the Economic Transformation
Programme.

The NKEAs in agriculture aim to double the sector's gross national income (GNI)
contribution to RM49.1 billion, create 74,000 additional jobs and increase the
income of farmers.

"It is obvious that the agriculture sector remains an important sector for
national food security and other economic reasons," said Universiti Tunku Abdul
Rahman's Faculty of Science dean Associate Professor Dr Lim Tuck Meng, adding
that in order to support the government's initiatives in this sector, the
faculty will launch the Bachelor of Science (Hons) Agricultural Science
programme next month.

The programme provides a wide scope of knowledge pertaining to this
multidisciplinary field, including the scientific principles and applications,
economics and agri-business management in animal and crop production, land and
water management, and system analysis.

The programme also enables students to understand the current issues faced by
the industry and the rich agro-biodiversity of the country.

The faculty offering this programme is located at UTAR's scenic and vast Perak
Campus in Kampar, allowing students to experience hands-on practical work in
agricultural and aquacultural activities.

The career prospects of an Agricultural Science graduate are diverse. It also
should be noted that UTAR has an outstanding graduate employability rate of more
than 97 per cent within six months of graduation.

The university offers more than 100 programmes, ranging from foundation and
undergraduate courses to postgraduate studies.

"Scientists who emerge from our programme will chart the future of food
production in Malaysia," Lim stressed.

UTAR invites school leavers and their families to its Open Day today to obtain
details of the January 2012 intake. The Open Day will be on from 9.30am to
5.30pm at UTAR's Sungai Long campus in Selangor and Perak campus.

Open Day for the UTAR Petaling Jaya campus will held on Jan 7 and 8 from 9.30am
to 5.30pm.

Admission is admission but prior registration is required.

For details, call 03-76250328, 03-7958 2628 (PJ campus), (05) 468 8888 (Perak
campus) or 016-2233559, email to: enquiry@utar.edu.my or visit: www.utar.edu.my

( END )

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Excellence in education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

'No room for farm income tax'

LENGTH: 782  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 08 -- AGRICULTURE is the backbone of the economy and contributes
more than 21 per cent to the country's gross domestic product. But it is
handicapped by skyrocketing prices of farm inputs because of withdrawal of
subsidy on fertilisers and pesticides. The purchasing power of poor farmers is
declining continuously and rural poverty is rampant.

Shortage of irrigation water is also impacting productivity of food and cash
crops. The urban consumption patterns are changing towards higher quality and
value-added food items like meat and dairy products.

Farming needs large-scale investment to increase productivity and to modernise
itself. Would it be advisable to tax farm incomes at this stage?

There are two schools of thought on the issue of taxing the agriculture incomes.
One is in favour while the other is opposed to it. The powerful urban lobby is
advocating for levying of agriculture income tax, while the agriculturists think
it would create negative impact. Cultivators have some backing amongst lawmaking
bodies especially from landlord parliamentarians but are not supported by the
print and electronic media controlled and dominated by urban lobby.

The governments in the developed economies heavily subsidise agriculture which
vindicate the cause of rural farmers. The subsidies are essential to increase
agricultural production. At times over-production depresses commodity prices and
gives benefit to the non-farming sector. The subsidies directly benefit urban
consumers who enjoy bigger share of food intake as compared to the rural
population, because of their higher purchasing power.

Astonishingly, the word "balanced diet" is hardly heard by the rural folk. The
major share of all basic facilities goes to urban centres. Only a small portion
is available to the rural masses. The people living in rural areas are much
poorer than their urban counterparts.

The literacy rate of 74 per cent in urban areas is higher against 48 per cent
among the rural masses. The rural population has a single source of livelihood
which is agriculture-related, whereas the urban people have multiple
opportunities to survive and prosper.

The current year's federal budget 2010-11 has eliminated subsidy given to Wapda
for agriculture tube-wells. It will make electricity costlier for farmers - the
tariff is already rising due to surge in fuel prices. Simultaneously, subsidy of
Rs16 billion on wheat and sugar has been allocated to control food inflation,
for the benefit of non-farm consumers.

There are two visible differences between the industrial and agricultural
sectors. The industrial sector determines the price of its products on the basis
of input cost including entrepreneur's profit. The price of agricultural
commodities entirely depends on the mercy of the market forces. For example, in
the peak season the prices of tomatoes range between Rs5 and Rs15 per kg only,
including freight charges and middlemen's commission.

However, the prices of refrigerators do not come below their factory gates
prices even in the winter season. It means that the industrial sector maintain
its margin of profitability in all seasons. Agricultural produces many
perishable goods and hence it deserves increased protection.

Despite its critical importance, the agriculture sector has been suffering from
secular decline in its share in GDP. Appropriate investments, new variety of
seeds, improved farming technology and techniques and better water
infrastructure are not being provided adequately to farmers. Without adequate
investment, it is not possible to tackle emerging challenges such as declining
water availability and adverse impact of the climate change.

During 2009-10, the overall performance of the agriculture sector remained below
target. Against a target of 3.8 per cent, and the previous performance of four
per cent, agriculture sector attained two per cent growth this year.

According to the World Food Programme report, 38 per cent of Pakistanis are food
insecure. This actually indicates that the poor are not able to afford intake of
2,350 calories a day to remain barely above the poverty line.

The agriculture sector is the lifeline of our vast rural population and the
economy offers a lot of opportunities of employment and raw material for the
industrial sector and also for future GDP growth. At this stage imposing
agriculture income tax might turn out a real disaster for the rural population
by hampering the growth of the severely-stressed rural economy Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            August 7, 2010 Saturday

'No room for farm income tax'

LENGTH: 782  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 07 -- AGRICULTURE is the backbone of the economy and contributes
more than 21 per cent to the country's gross domestic product. But it is
handicapped by skyrocketing prices of farm inputs because of withdrawal of
subsidy on fertilisers and pesticides. The purchasing power of poor farmers is
declining continuously and rural poverty is rampant.

Shortage of irrigation water is also impacting productivity of food and cash
crops. The urban consumption patterns are changing towards higher quality and
value-added food items like meat and dairy products.

Farming needs large-scale investment to increase productivity and to modernise
itself. Would it be advisable to tax farm incomes at this stage?

There are two schools of thought on the issue of taxing the agriculture incomes.
One is in favour while the other is opposed to it. The powerful urban lobby is
advocating for levying of agriculture income tax, while the agriculturists think
it would create negative impact. Cultivators have some backing amongst lawmaking
bodies especially from landlord parliamentarians but are not supported by the
print and electronic media controlled and dominated by urban lobby.

The governments in the developed economies heavily subsidise agriculture which
vindicate the cause of rural farmers. The subsidies are essential to increase
agricultural production. At times over-production depresses commodity prices and
gives benefit to the non-farming sector. The subsidies directly benefit urban
consumers who enjoy bigger share of food intake as compared to the rural
population, because of their higher purchasing power.

Astonishingly, the word 'balanced diet' is hardly heard by the rural folk. The
major share of all basic facilities goes to urban centres. Only a small portion
is available to the rural masses. The people living in rural areas are much
poorer than their urban counterparts.

The literacy rate of 74 per cent in urban areas is higher against 48 per cent
among the rural masses. The rural population has a single source of livelihood
which is agriculture-related, whereas the urban people have multiple
opportunities to survive and prosper.

The current year's federal budget 2010-11 has eliminated subsidy given to Wapda
for agriculture tube-wells. It will make electricity costlier for farmers - the
tariff is already rising due to surge in fuel prices. Simultaneously, subsidy of
Rs16 billion on wheat and sugar has been allocated to control food inflation,
for the benefit of non-farm consumers.

There are two visible differences between the industrial and agricultural
sectors. The industrial sector determines the price of its products on the basis
of input cost including entrepreneur's profit. The price of agricultural
commodities entirely depends on the mercy of the market forces. For example, in
the peak season the prices of tomatoes range between Rs5 and Rs15 per kg only,
including freight charges and middlemen's commission.

However, the prices of refrigerators do not come below their factory gates
prices even in the winter season. It means that the industrial sector maintain
its margin of profitability in all seasons. Agricultural produces many
perishable goods and hence it deserves increased protection.

Despite its critical importance, the agriculture sector has been suffering from
secular decline in its share in GDP. Appropriate investments, new variety of
seeds, improved farming technology and techniques and better water
infrastructure are not being provided adequately to farmers. Without adequate
investment, it is not possible to tackle emerging challenges such as declining
water availability and adverse impact of the climate change.

During 2009-10, the overall performance of the agriculture sector remained below
target. Against a target of 3.8 per cent, and the previous performance of four
per cent, agriculture sector attained two per cent growth this year.

According to the World Food Programme report, 38 per cent of Pakistanis are food
insecure. This actually indicates that the poor are not able to afford intake of
2,350 calories a day to remain barely above the poverty line.

The agriculture sector is the lifeline of our vast rural population and the
economy offers a lot of opportunities of employment and raw material for the
industrial sector and also for future GDP growth. At this stage imposing
agriculture income tax might turn out a real disaster for the rural population
by hampering the growth of the severely-stressed rural economy Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            February 18, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Sask. trails country in net farm income

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: REGINA


REGINA -- A new forecast suggests Saskatchewan farmers are set to reap the worst
net farm income in the country in 2005.

Low world grain and oilseed prices and rising costs for fertilizer, machinery
and fuel could contribute to a realized net farm income in Saskatchewan of
negative $486 million, lower than the negative $166 million currently forecast
for 2004, according to the report released Thursday by Agriculture Canada.

Crop receipts will also suffer in 2005 due to last year's severe summer frost in
Saskatchewan and Manitoba that downgraded quality.

"It's safe to say that the situation in Saskatchewan in 2005 is pretty
difficult," said Rodney Myer, head of Agriculture Canada's crop unit, farm
income and program analysis, though he couldn't say whether this is the worst
outlook the province has recorded.

Terry Hildebrandt, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan, said the bleak numbers point to the need for a cash injection to
ensure farmers get another crop in the ground.

"There's several -- that I know of -- good, still stable (farm) operations just
throwing up an auction sale and getting out while they can," said Hildebrandt.

"I've got guys phoning me that have farmed 35 years, 40 years that are
re-mortgaging the farm to pay their input costs back."

Meanwhile, realized net income -- which includes depreciation -- is forecast to
improve in Alberta to almost $1.15 billion in 2005, attributed in part to the
anticipated start of a recovery in the cattle industry.

Livestock receipts are predicted to increase 12 per cent nationally in 2005, a
response to the planned reopening of the U.S. border to some live Canadian
cattle in March.

The forecast was made before the U.S. Department of Agriculture decided not to
accept beef from older cattle next month. Myer said that should not change the
figures substantially, but prices for older cattle will remain low.

Nationally, realized net farm income is predicted to improve in 2004 to $1.6
billion, from negative $28 million in 2003. The forecast suggests realized net
income in 2005 will decline to $1.05 billion.

A major contributor to the improvement in income for 2004 is that government
program payments are expected to reach a record of $4.9 billion, said Myer.
Program payments are forecast to decline to $4 billion in 2005, which would
still be the third-highest on record.

Hal Cushon, an assistant deputy minister of Saskatchewan Agriculture, said the
figures should fuel the province's argument that changes need to be made to the
Canadian Agricultural Income Stabilization program, a national farm safety net.
Both the NDP and opposition Saskatchewan Party are arguing that the deposit
farmers are required to make to participate in the program should be dropped.

Stewart Wells, president of the National Farmers Union and a Saskatchewan
farmer, said his organization has long been warning governments of declining net
farm incomes.

"There's never been so much money in the food supply system and there's never
been so little of it getting back to the farm."

Agriculture Canada cautioned that the forecast was prepared assuming an average
exchange rate of 80 cents US for 2005. It also assumes the border will reopen to
younger live cattle in March, and that the current duty on Canadian hogs
exported to the U.S. will remain in place throughout 2005.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Farm income to drop by half; Forecast predicts decline for province

BYLINE: Angela Hall, Saskatchewan News Network; Regina Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: REGINA


Saskatchewan farmers preparing to seed the 2010 crop are facing a projected 55
per cent decline in their farm income this year, says a recent Agriculture
Canada forecast.

Realized net farm income is expected to total $980 million, a steep drop from
the $2.2 billion in 2009 while still higher than the 2004-08 average of $660
million.

Greg Marshall, president of the Agricultural Producers Association of
Saskatchewan, said the size of the projected decline for 2010 is disheartening.

"It's unfortunate when we see numbers like this because it dampens enthusiasm
for the coming year," Marshall said.

"Last year's number was quite a bit higher (than the previous average) but when
you see a 55 per cent drop, that's a cause for concern. When you look at the
other provinces, I guess we can be happy we're not in as dire shape as them."

The farm income projections, which were released by Agriculture Canada and
posted online, indicate national net farm income is expected to total $291.5
million, a 91 per cent drop from 2009.

Cattle and hog farms are expected to be particularly hard hit due in part to the
impact of U.S. meat labelling regulations and a high Canadian dollar. Meanwhile,
grain and oilseed prices are down from the record levels seen in 2008.

The government report indicated cattle farms are expected to lose an average of
$5,195 in 2010, compared to previous average net operating incomes of about
$11,000.

Alberta could see its realized net farm income -- which includes a farmer's cash
receipts and operating expenses, minus depreciation, plus income in kind -- drop
to minus $516 million. In Manitoba, realized net farm income is projected to be
$233 million, a decline of 57 per cent from 2009.

The numbers prompted the Canadian Federation of Agriculture (CFA) to question
the effectiveness of current farm safety net programs and reiterate a call for
additional government support to help farmers through the short term.

In question period Monday, NDP Opposition leader Dwain Lingenfelter charged that
the Saskatchewan Party government isn't helping by cutting nearly $100 million
in farm support from the recent provincial budget despite there being "a crisis
on the horizon."

But Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Bob Bjornerud said the amount of
provincial money budgeted for farm support programs is based on federal
government estimates of what will be required to pay farmers' claims, and
programs are not being cut.

Speaking later to reporters, Bjornerud said he acknowledges there are concerns
about the effectiveness of AgriStability, especially when producers have had
subsequent difficult years. But he said it's hard to get the agreement among
provinces needed to make changes to the national program.

He also noted hog prices have recently improved, bettering the 2010 outlook,
while the recent rainy weather has helped conditions for spring seeding.

"Is there a magic button you can push either in the livestock sector or the
grain side because of low prices? It's not that easy (but) again we're just
putting the crop in right now," Bjornerud said. "I think there's some optimism
across the province."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bob Bjornerud

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    December 4, 1998, Friday, METRO EDITION

Farm aid package needs cabinet approval Ottawa said to be looking at $460
million program

BYLINE: By Valerie Lawton Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 459 words


   Canadian Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief was back in front of his cabinet
colleagues yesterday with a pitch for a multi-million-dollar farm aid package.

But he still doesn't have final approval.

Vanclief wouldn't say how much money he's asking for, but a source in his
department suggested Ottawa is looking at a program worth roughly $460 million
this year and more than that the next.

That's how much the Canadian Federation of Agriculture has asked for to help
farmers survive in the face of collapsing commodity prices.

"That's probably not too far out," the official said yesterday.

The federal government would pick up 60 per cent of that cost, and ask the
provinces to pay for the rest.

The bail-out program is expected to kick in when a farmer's gross margin - a
measure of farm income - falls to less than 70 per cent of a historical average.
The assistance would bring the gross margin back up to that 70 per cent level.

Agriculture groups have warned that the low prices - especially for pork and
grain - could push thousands of farmers into bankruptcy if there's no help.

Some predictions suggest next year could be even worse than this one. The
federal cabinet is studying the possibility of bringing in a continuing
farm-disaster program.

Vanclief also met with a cabinet committee last week and was told to return
yesterday with more information.

Some ministers were still asking for further clarification at that meeting.

Vanclief still needs to go before full cabinet for approval.

"Things are progressing very, very well," he told reporters yesterday.

He said he still hopes to make an announcement before Christmas.

Cheques wouldn't actually start flowing until after farmers have filed their
income tax forms next year.

The Ontario government, however, has said it wants to get its portion of help
out earlier than that.

Inside the House of Commons yesterday, opposition MPs were demanding to know
when farmers would receive some news.

"Why is the government continuing to put this off?" asked Reform MP Deborah
Grey.

NDP Leader Alexa McDonough accused the minister of dragging his feet. "Canadian
farmers don't need a Grinch as agriculture minister, they need help now. How can
the minister not understand the urgency?" she wondered.

Vanclief snapped back: "The government is fully aware of the seriousness of the
urgency and also of the importance of sending the message and informing the
industry in this country (about the aid program) before Christmas, sooner rather
than later."

Farm income across Canada is down about 20 per cent from last year.

Hardest-hit are Saskatchewan and Manitoba, where income is down about 70 per
cent and 50 per cent, respectively.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Dion Global Solutions Limited

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Empowerment of farmers is highest priority of govt: Min

LENGTH: 225 words

DATELINE: India


India, March 9 -- Ministry of agriculture and farmers welfare is committed to
development of Agriculture, farmers' welfare and safeguarding their interests
said Union Agriculture and farmers Welfare Minister Radha Mohan Singh on
Tuesday.

Singh said that the Prime Minister has introduced several initiatives to ensure
income security to the farmers. That is why the focus of the new budget of Modi
Government is on the villages, the poor and the farmers to bring in a
qualitative change in their lives. It is our vision to double the incomes of the
farmers.

Union Agriculture and farmers welfare Minister said that in order to fully
utilise the vast possibilities in the agriculture sector, we need to empower our
farmers with information and communication assets and services that will
increase their productivity and incomes as well as protect their food security
and livelihoods.

The continued increase in globalisation and integration of food markets has
intensified competition and efficacy in the agriculture sector, and has brought
unique opportunities to include more small-holders into supply chains through
ICT interventions, he said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Dion Global Solutions Limited.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire


                  Copyright 2016 Dion Global Solutions Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 9, 2004

5% rise in farm incomes in 2003

BYLINE: Sean Mac Connell, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Ireland; Other Stories; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 164 words


The 2003 annual report of the Department of Agriculture and Food found that
aggregate farm income rose by almost 5 per cent.

Commenting on the report, the Minister for Agriculture and Food, Mr Walsh, said
average full-time farm income stood at EUR 27,758, compared to an average
industrial income of EUR 27,900.

The report showed that public expenditure in support of the agri-food sector
amounted to almost EUR 2.8 billion. Total direct payments amounted to EUR 1.6
billion, which included premiums to farmers, market supports, disease
eradication and CAP rural development plan measures.

In a comment on the decline of BSE cases, Mr Walsh said it was very encouraging
to see a 45 per cent fall in the number of cases.

Describing 2003 as a "watershed year in Irish agriculture", he said the
highlight was the conclusion of the negotiations on the mid-term review of CAP.
This secured CAP's future by making it more sustainable and relevant to modern
society.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

East Bay: Grants awarded for low income healthy eating programs

BYLINE: By Doug Oakley doakley@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 167 words


The Ecology Center in Berkeley and Mandela Marketplace in Oakland received
grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to encourage low-income residents
receiving federal food assistance to eat more fruits and vegetables.

The department gave out $31 million to organizations nationwide to test
incentive strategies aimed at people in its Supplemental Nutritional Assistance
Program.

"Encouraging low-income families to put more healthy food in their grocery
baskets is part of USDA's ongoing commitment to improving the diet and health of
all Americans," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement.

The Ecology Center received $3.7 million for its Market Match program which
allows low-income people receiving federal food benefits to match dollar for
dollar their purchases of fruit and vegetables at farmers' markets.

Mandala Marketplace received $422,500. The program allows food benefit
recipients to get more out of their purchase of fruits and vegetables by adding
35 cents to each dollar.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            February 16, 2003 Sunday

USDA: Little growth in farm income over 10 years; Disproportionate: Exports are
expected to grow by $19 billion over decade

BYLINE: mailto:jeverly@wcinet.comJOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Pg. d4

LENGTH: 645 words


In its latest long-term outlook on the farm economy, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture projects only modest growth in net farm income over the next decade.
Exports, generally regarded as the means to increased revenues, will supply only
part of that modest growth.

The department expects agricultural exports to expand by $$ @19 billion over the
next decade, while net farm income will grow by about $$ @1 billion.

Agriculture department chief economist Keith Collins said that is largely due to
the structure of government farm programs.

"A higher proportion of that net income is coming from the market place rather
than the government," Collins said.

Farmers probably don't have a problem with that, but it looks as if they will
not share proportionately in gains from increased exports.

"As demand grows around the world, as our exports grow, as the prices of our
commodities rise, the increase in cash receipts gets off set by a decline in
government payments. In our longer term projections that's what you see playing
out over a lot of the next five to 10 years. You see generally rising prices but
then generally declining marketing loan gains, loan deficiency payments and
counter-cyclical payments," Collins said.

Under the new farm programs, implemented through the 2002 Farm Bill, producers
receive counter-cyclical payments when crop prices fall below targets.

On a somewhat brighter note, prospects for farm income this year in Wisconsin
are looking a little better than we have seen during the past three years,
according to projections by the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

The UW-Madison reports the state's net farm income last year was in the range of
$$ @600 million to $$ @700 million, down $$ @200 million to $$ @300 million from
2001 and even below the depressed levels of 2000.

For 2003, university economists project net farm income will improve to $$ @900
million and as much as $$ @1.1 billion.

Milk prices took a big hit in 2002. Cattle and hog prices also were off sharply
from year-earlier levels. Grain and soybean prices showed improvement late in
the year but not nearly enough to offset losses on the livestock side, according
to the report.

In the recently released report, "Status of Wisconsin Agriculture," UW
economists forecast an improvement in milk, beef cattle, hog soybean and corn
prices in 2003.

"For 2003, we're hoping for some recovery in milk prices," said economist Bruce
Jones, one of the report's authors. "In addition, with the 2002 Farm Bill in
place, a good percentage of Wisconsin farmers will have support on milk prices."

For 2003, the report's authors forecast a $$ @13.55 per hundredweight average
Wisconsin all-milk price, $$ @1.45 higher than last year but well under 2001's
$$ @14.80. The federal government's new Milk Income Loss Contract program, which
makes direct payments to producers when prices fall below a certain target, will
bring average Wisconsin milk revenue to $$ @14 to $$ @14.50 per hundredweight.

Choice cattle prices should improve by about $$ @3 per hundredweight, while
feeder cattle prices should gain $$ @6 to $$ @8, according to the report.

Hog prices are expected to increase by about $$ @5 per hundredweight, to average
$$ @40.

Meanwhile, the department of agriculture predicts better corn and soybean prices
in the year ahead, compared to last year.

Nationally, corn prices are forecast to average $$ @2.20 to $$ @2.50 per bushel.
Prices averaged $$ @1.97 last year.

The projected price range for soybeans is $$ @5.10 to $$ @5.70, compared to an
average of $$ @4.38 last year.

Everly, a Telegraph Herald reporter, was farm director of Dubuque radio station
KDTH for nearly 10 years. His e-mail address is jeverly@wcinet.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Carlow Nationalist

                                 July 17, 2012

IFA lobbies TDs

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 225 words


THE IFA is to step up its campaign for a meaningful AEOS 3 with a national
lobbying campaign of government TDs.

Its president John Bryan said no other sector has taken the severe cutbacks that
agriculture has had to face over the past number of years, and cuts to vital
schemes have had a devastating effect on low-income farmers and the rural
economy.

John Bryan said the loss of REPS 3 to lowincome farmers has meant that many
farmers are left without an agri-environment scheme for the first time in 15
years.

"It is now up to the minister for agriculture Simon Coveney to come forward with
a meaningful scheme to help to replace the loss associated with REPS 3
contracts, which ended last year," said Mr Bryan.

IFA rural development chairman Flor McCarthy said the agri-environment schemes
comprise a significant part of farm income, and minister Coveney's suggestions
of a limited scheme will not be acceptable.

"The minister must use the savings from REPS 3, as well as future savings from
the end of REPS 4 contracts, to put in place a scheme which will impact
positively on farm income.

"The cutbacks to disadvantaged areas and REPS have wiped out more than EUR 100m
annually in direct income supports to the most vulnerable farmers. It is up to
minister Coveney to show low-income farmers that he has not turned his back on
them," said Mr McCarthy.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Laois Nationalist

                                 July 17, 2012

IFA lobbies TDs

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 225 words


THE IFA is to step up its campaign for a meaningful AEOS 3 with a national
lobbying campaign of government TDs.

Its president John Bryan said no other sector has taken the severe cutbacks that
agriculture has had to face over the past number of years, and cuts to vital
schemes have had a devastating effect on low-income farmers and the rural
economy.

John Bryan said the loss of REPS 3 to lowincome farmers has meant that many
farmers are left without an agri-environment scheme for the first time in 15
years.

"It is now up to the minister for agriculture Simon Coveney to come forward with
a meaningful scheme to help to replace the loss associated with REPS 3
contracts, which ended last year," said Mr Bryan.

IFA rural development chairman Flor McCarthy said the agri-environment schemes
comprise a significant part of farm income, and minister Coveney's suggestions
of a limited scheme will not be acceptable.

"The minister must use the savings from REPS 3, as well as future savings from
the end of REPS 4 contracts, to put in place a scheme which will impact
positively on farm income.

"The cutbacks to disadvantaged areas and REPS have wiped out more than EUR 100m
annually in direct income supports to the most vulnerable farmers. It is up to
minister Coveney to show low-income farmers that he has not turned his back on
them," said Mr McCarthy.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Newry Democrat

                                 July 17, 2012

IFA lobbies TDs

SECTION: FARMING

LENGTH: 225 words


THE IFA is to step up its campaign for a meaningful AEOS 3 with a national
lobbying campaign of government TDs.

Its president John Bryan said no other sector has taken the severe cutbacks that
agriculture has had to face over the past number of years, and cuts to vital
schemes have had a devastating effect on low-income farmers and the rural
economy.

John Bryan said the loss of REPS 3 to lowincome farmers has meant that many
farmers are left without an agri-environment scheme for the first time in 15
years.

"It is now up to the minister for agriculture Simon Coveney to come forward with
a meaningful scheme to help to replace the loss associated with REPS 3
contracts, which ended last year," said Mr Bryan.

IFA rural development chairman Flor McCarthy said the agri-environment schemes
comprise a significant part of farm income, and minister Coveney's suggestions
of a limited scheme will not be acceptable.

"The minister must use the savings from REPS 3, as well as future savings from
the end of REPS 4 contracts, to put in place a scheme which will impact
positively on farm income.

"The cutbacks to disadvantaged areas and REPS have wiped out more than EUR 100m
annually in direct income supports to the most vulnerable farmers. It is up to
minister Coveney to show low-income farmers that he has not turned his back on
them," said Mr McCarthy.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                 July 12, 2002

Reforms will hit incomes, says RICS

BYLINE: J. Watson

SECTION: BUSINESS; FARM/FOOD; News; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 204 words


EUROPE was yesterday told to think again about its planned agricultural
reforms.The Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors claimed the planned change to
switch subsidies from agricultural production to environmental schemes could
result in a 22% drop in average net farm incomes in the UK, which currently
stand at just £6,000.

European Agriculture Commissioner Franz Fischler released his long-awaited
mid-term review of the Common Agricultural Policy on Wednesday.

Among other things he proposed the end of production-linked subsidies, the
introduction of compulsory modulation at any rate between 3% and 20% and an
upper limit of £192,000 on the payments farmers receive.

Julian Sayers, the chairman of the institute's rural faculty, said: "These
reforms do nothing to secure the long-term future of Europe's farmers. Instead,
we face a cut in incomes, a reduction in global competitiveness and risk
damaging Europe's countryside as we know it." Charles Kennedy, the Liberal
Democrat leader and MP for Ross, Skye and Inverness West, said the challenge
wasto ensure that the wide diversity within Scottish agriculture, including hill
farming and crofting in the Highlands and Islands, are recognised.


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2002 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                           September 13, 2013 Friday

IFA chief challenges Government's desire to boost agri-food job creation

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 408 words


Mr Bryan yesterday told the Oireachtas Committee on Finance, Public Expenditure
and Reform that total funding for the agriculture budget has been reduced by a
greater percentage than any other major Government department. Since 2008, total
funding for agriculture has been cut by 41.2%, compared with an average
reduction across all Government departments of 12.6%.

The IFA leader said the agri-food sector needs the Government to support
farmers, and to help them provide a sustainable stimulus for the Irish economy.
This, he said, would drive export growth and job creation.

"Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets, there has
been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013," said Mr
Bryan. "This comes at a time when Ireland is experiencing a general fall in
manufacturing exports."

He said the primary agriculture sector underpins this growth in food exports.
Agriculture delivers a high quality, sustainable raw material to the food
sector, and it contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is
of particular importance in the rural economy.

"However, farming remains a low-income sector, and the importance of farm
schemes to farm income and production must not be forgotten," Mr Bryan argued.
"A combination of dreadful weather conditions which continued into spring 2013,
soaring input costs and the resulting fodder crisis impacted heavily on
profitability and output at farm level."

Recently published figures by Teagasc's National Farm Survey estimate that
average family farm in 2012 fell by 15% compared with 2011. Many farmers have
come under severe cashflow problems as a result.

In addition, he said, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts, and
cuts to farm schemes in particular, is challenging the viability of thousands of
low-income family farms. Cuts to farm schemes impact directly on farm income and
have a negative knock-on effect on production decisions on-farm.

The IFA leader also noted that the proportionate spend on the agriculture sector
since 2004 has fallen by 25% (from 3.04% in 2004 of the total national budget to
2.26% in 2013). Within the agriculture budget, farm schemes have been targeted
for disproportionate cuts, he added.

Total expenditure on farm schemes between 2011 and 2013 has fallen by 18% or
119m. This compares with a reduction in expenditure of 8%, or  60m across all
other budgetary headings within the agriculture budget.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Farm income expected to drop slightly

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 453 words


Farm incomes are predicted to drop slightly this year, while remaining at
historically high levels.

In its annual income forecast issued Wednesday, Agriculture Canada said
aggregate net cash income will slip five per cent this year to $12.6 billion,
but will still be 23 per cent above the average for the period of 2008-2012.

It says farm-level average net operating income will similarly decline by five
per cent to $65,243.

Crop receipts are forecast to total $29.1 billion in 2014, three per cent below
the projection for 2013, but 17 per cent higher than the 2008-2012 average.

"It is expected that there will be higher grain and oilseed marketings, but
lower prices," the report said. "Increased marketings will result from large
carry-in stocks that farmers held following the record harvest of 2013."

Western farmers have been complaining about a rail transport backlog that's
slowing the movement of grain - one of the factors, department officials said,
contributing to lower prices and higher stocks.

Aggregate farm cash receipts for livestock are forecast at $21.5 billion in
2014, just below the record level of 2013.

"Relatively low supplies of cattle in North America and expectations of
increased heifer retention should translate into fewer animals available for
slaughter and higher cattle prices in 2014," the report said.

Hog prices in Canada should increase slightly due to tight U.S. supplies. There
may also be ripples from the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus that hit the U.S.
last year and which has been found in Canada recently.

Agriculture officials say they are watching the virus, but they add that
Canadian producers generally have strong safeguards in place.

Egg producers and chicken farmers are expected to see declines of nine per cent
and eight per cent respectively, due to lower prices resulting from lower feed
costs.

In 2014, program payments are forecast to rise by eight per cent, or $199
million, to a total of $2.8 billion.

"These latest forecasts show how the agriculture sector continues to be a strong
driver of the Canadian economy," said Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz.

"Canada's agriculture and food industry has grown into a modern,
technologically-advanced, export-oriented sector that is among the elite
performers in today's highly competitive global marketplace, and the outlook is
bright for our farmers."

For 2013, the department expects net farm incomes will be just shy of the
historical peak seen in 2012, despite a reduction in program payments and a
decline in crop prices in the fall.

Net cash income for 2013 is projected to total $13.2 billion, only one per cent
lower than in 2012. Farm-level average net operating income is forecast to be
$68,498, an all-time high.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Cape Argus (South Africa)

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday
                                   e1 Edition

Agricultural land empowerment plan expected to cost state R19bn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 744 words


By Derek Tommey

Special Correspondent

The government's plan to transfer 30% of commercial farms from white to black
hands will require a huge investment.

Figures issued by Statistics South Africa show that the market value of assets
used in agriculture is R62 billion.

This means the government must expect to pay about R19bn in achieving its
objective.

This is equal to about R500 for each person living in South Africa or R5 000 for
each taxpayer.

However, while the beneficiaries of the government could gain substantial tracts
of land they must not expect to get rich.

Stats SA estimates in its survey of large-scale agriculture 2006, which has just
been issued, that gross farming income last year was R49.7bn.

However, gross expenditure, excluding livestock purchases, was R40.9bn, to show
net income of R8.8bn.

But after taking livestock purchases of R8.3bn into account, net income drops to
R557 million.

And if capital expenditure of R2.1bn is included then the farming community
overall finished the year about R1.6bn out of pocket.

Some of this money probably came from the banks. Farming debts last year
amounted to R19.6bn, equal to 39% of gross farming income.

The highest debt to income ratio is found in the Western Cape where farmers owe
R5.2bn, which is equal to 55% of their farming income.

But this high debt level should not be seen as a sign of large-scale purchases
on credit.

Western Cape farmers hold large stocks of products such as wine and brandy, and
cold-storage items such as fruit and vegetables. These stocks have to be
financed and the banks are being used to provide bridging finance.

The figures show the Western Cape is by far the country's leading agricultural
province.

Its agricultural assets are estimated to be worth R16.8bn, which is more than a
quarter of the country's total. Runners- up are KwaZulu-Natal and Mpumalanga,
each with assets worth about R8.3bn.

The Western Cape is also the biggest agricultural producer with a gross farming
income of R9.5bn. Some R544m of this came from field crops, R5bn from
horticulture, R2.1bn from livestock and R1.4bn from livestock products.

However, last year was not a particularly good one for agriculture in the
province as gross farming income rose only 1%.

This followed a 2% drop in earnings from field crops and a 4% drop in
horticulture earnings. Farmers in the Free State, KwaZulu-Natal and North West
fared much better with gross earnings increasing by more than 10%.

KwaZulu-Natal, a major sugar producer, had gross earnings of R9bn and Gauteng
had R7.4bn.

In spite of its large size the Eastern Cape's earnings from commercial farming
amounted to an undistinguished R2.6bn. Only the Northern Cape, with earnings of
R2bn, had a smaller income.

Stats SA estimates that commercial agriculture employs about 277 000 full-time
workers and 211 000 casual workers, making a total of just under half a million.

Agricultural employment is most important in the Western Cape where there are
about 62 000 full-time employees and 63 729 part-time ones, earning R1.7bn
annually.

In KwaZulu-Natal some 59 000 people work full-time in agriculture while about 22
000 are casual workers and between them earn R1bn.

In sharp contrast only 11 400 people are in full-time employment in agriculture
in the Eastern Cape while a further 10 270 engage in casual work.

They earned R286m last year.

It is clear from this survey that commercial agriculture in the Eastern Cape is
seriously under-performing. This is making it difficult to improve living
conditions in what is probably the country's poorest province, but this should
not be so.

Farming output in South Africa is closely linked to the availability of water
and the Eastern Cape, which is one of the country's best-watered provinces,
should have a much higher income from agriculture.

Apologists for the province say that the huge increase in its population has
resulted in the land becoming exhausted and unproductive. But with a little
investment and good management exhausted land can be revived.

Unfortunately, the communal land-ownership system militates heavily against any
attempts to make improvements.

No one will invest either cash or labour in a property to which he does not have
any title and which can be taken away from him at any time.

So it seems that, until the government changes the land-ownership system and
gives people some security of tenure, there is little hope for any major
improvement in agriculture and in living standards in the area.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 4, 1991, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WEAK ECONOMY THREATENS FARM SECTOR'S RECOVERY

BYLINE: Jerri Stroud Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS PLUS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 735 words


Just when farmers thought it was safe to breathe again, the faltering
nationaleconomy is threatening to take the steam out of the farm sector's
recovery.  No one is predicting a disaster - barring the quirks of weather that
overhang each farmer's plans for the coming year.  Indeed, farmers had record
incomes from farming in 1990. The Agriculture Department says net farm income
this year could range from $44 billion to last year's record of $49 billion.
But an economic recession could hurt farmers who rely on off-farm jobs to
supplement their farm income. And a consumer buying slump could keep the lid on
prices for milk, meat and the grain used to feed cows, pigs and poultry.  The
last economic recession began in 1982. Many farm experts say 1982 also marked
the start of a farm crisis that squeezed thousands of farmers out of
agriculture. The exodus has slowed to a trickle in last two or three years.
''The farm sector is much more sound financially than it was in 1982,'' said
David Lins, professor of financial management at the College of Agriculture at
the University of Illinois. ''There's been quite a significant downturn in the
number of farms in a highly leveraged condition.'' But farmers who work
part-time to supplement their farm income could be vulnerable in the recession,
Lins said. ''Those (jobs tend to be the ones that get eliminated in a
downturn.'' The recession also could affect different groups of farmers
differently, Lins said. Lower interest rates, for example, could help some
farmers while hurting others.  ''If you're a financially sound farmer with money
socked in certificates of deposit, the downturn hurts you,'' Lins said. ''If
you're highly leveraged, lower interest rates will help you.'' The impact of
recession also depends on what crops or livestock a farmer raises, said Abner
Womack, co-director of the Food and Agriculture Policy Research Institute at the
University of Missouri at Columbia.  Beef and pork prices are reasonably good
for farmers now because cattle and hogs are in short supply. ''That makes them a
little bit immune to the recession,'' Womack said.  Feed grain and soybean
prices are low, but supplies are fairly tight, Womack said.  Any threat to this
year's crops could produce a price rally. But big supplies of cotton, rice and
wheat are keeping pressure on prices for those commodities.  ''Most of the heavy
losses will be in dairy'' farming, Womack said. Milk supplies have come back
strongly after two years of being tight. Milk prices have plunged from record
highs in the fall and winter of 1989-90.  Farmers also will see sharp cuts in
government subsidies. The farm program budget suffered a 25 percent cut in last
year's budget reconciliation act. And the new farm law limits the number of
acres eligible for subsidies.  The free-fall in milk prices and cuts in
subsidies already have put pressure on Faith and Bob Letterman, who have a dairy
farm in Conway, Mo., about 15 miles southwest of Lebanon in southwest Missouri.
The farm law cut a nickel from the price of each 100 pounds of milk the farm
sells.  ''We just can't make it,'' Faith Letterman said in a telephone
interview.  ''Our feed bills can't be paid because milk prices are down.''
Farmers also will have to pay a loan origination fee for price support loans for
the first time this year. The fee, which can range from 1 to 2 percent, will cut
farmers' receipts from the loans. Farmers often use the loans to tide them over
from harvest until they sell their crops.  One bright spot in the farm outlook
is the availability of money for spring planting loans, at least in the Midwest.
''Farm banks are flush with loanable funds,'' said Alan Barkema, a senior
economist with the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. At the same time, he
said, ''Farmers are being very cautious in making their borrowing decisions.''
''A lot of farmers want to pay off as much indebtedness as they can,'' said John
O'Day, a spokesman for the Farm Credit Bank of St. Louis. ''The highly leveraged
farmers were wiped out in the 1980s. The farmers who are left are more cautious
and not as highly leveraged.'' ''There is no problem with the availability of
money,'' said Bob Morrow, vice president of Martinsburg Bank in Martinsburg, Mo.
But farmers must be able to show that they can pay off loans from crop receipts,
Morrow said.  ''They have to be financially sound.''

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Graphic; CHART-TABLE By Post-Dispatch...Farmers' Incomes (In Billions)
for 1975 through 1990. (Source: U.S. Agriculture Department)

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Financial Express

                              May 18, 2009 Monday

Beyond the fields

BYLINE: Laveesh Bhandari

LENGTH: 1474  words


In addition to the rural to urban transition, a farm to non-farm transition is
necessary.

Agriculture may be ancient, having originated 10,000 years ago. However, since
the Industrial Revolution, the importance of agriculture has become less and
less in developed countries. One-third of the world's work force may be employed
in agriculture. But most of this agriculture is inherently subsistence in nature
and of low productivity. That's the reason why despite one third of the world's
work force being employed in agriculture, agriculture accounts for only 4% of
the value of global output. In India, 19% of national income is estimated to
originate from agriculture and allied activities.

In which countries in the world is agriculture's share of national income more
than this 19%? In the list of 193 countries of the world, all-like Bolivia,
Sudan and Uganda-are from poor parts of the world.

In contrast, in relatively richer parts of the world, people have been pulled
out of agriculture and into more productive activities. For instance, in the US,
only 0.9% of national income comes from agriculture. This doesn't mean the
Malthusian spectre of people having to starve. Other than the possibility of
imports, agriculture becomes more productive, requiring less people to be
engaged for producing the same amount of food. Indeed, there are several
different types of movements that happen.

People who remain in agriculture move away from producing food-grains to other
forms of crop output, such as horticulture. There is commercialisation and
diversification. Others move away to allied activities like aquaculture, dairy
farming, floriculture and poultry.

Still others move away from farm activities entirely to non-farm activities,
such as rural industry and services. This is precisely the kind of transition
that has happened in China.

In India, out of the rural labour force of roughly 300 million, 72.7% still
earns a living from agriculture. This may have declined from 81.4% in 1983, but
is still inordinately high. The decline hasn't been fast enough. But some
comments are in order about such figures. First, these refer to usual principal
and subsidiary status, implying that there may be a secondary occupation outside
agriculture.

Indeed, with the seasonal nature of the bulk of India's agriculture, that is
invariably the case. Second, there are variations across States. The figure is
less than 50% in Kerala, Tripura, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal and Punjab and is more
than 65% in Assam, Madhya Pradesh, Mizoram, Bihar, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh
and Chhattisgarh. Third, the pace of decline, as opposite to the base figures,
has been sharpest in Kerala, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Rajasthan, Punjab and
West Bengal. And has been the slowest in Orissa, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Andhra
Pradesh and Karnataka. Fourth, there are gender differences. The farm to
non-farm transition happens first for males and a feminisation of the
agricultural work force occurs. Fifth, out of those who are in agriculture,
roughly two-thirds (64%) describe themselves as self-employed, that is, they are
farmers. The remaining roughly one-third (36%) are wageworkers, almost
invariably on casual basis. Sixth, 13.1% of rural households are landless and
only 11.2% have medium or large holdings, defined as those that are more than 2
hectares. 44.8% of land-holdings are sub-marginal (0.01-0.40 hectares), 18.7%
are marginal (0.41 to 1 hectare) and 12.2% are small (between 1 and 2 hectares).
This kind of smallholder agriculture cannot exploit economies of scale and scope
and is subsistence-level, inefficient and relatively unproductive. For
development to happen, there must be a graduating out and a movement up the
value chain of productivity.

Since people always want to better their lives, there must be a reason why this
farm to non-farm transition doesn't happen. There are again policy-induced
distortions. If these policy-induced distortions are removed, the right kind of
farm to non-farm transition will occur and that is the way to a more prosperous
future. The following is a list of policies that need to change for this to
become possible.

*  Public expenditure must move away from input subsidies (fertilisers, seeds,
power, water) that only benefit large farmers to provision of rural
infrastructure. Public sector gross capital formation in agriculture used to be
5% of the gross value of agricultural output in the early 1980s, but declined to
2% in the second half of the 1990s. This occurred because of fiscal constraints,
both at the Central and State levels and has inched up to 3.7% in 2006-07.
Private sector gross capital formation in agriculture has also increased from
5.5% in the early 1980s to 8.9% in 2006-07. But often, private investments
require public investments to perform a catalytic function. While on rural
infrastructure, one must flag that rural infrastructure is not only about the
creation of new infrastructure, but also maintaining them. Hence, there is a
decentralisation issue too in the management of rural infrastructure.

*  Linked to declines in public expenditure has been the phenomenon of a
collapse of the extension service system. Sometimes, people also mention
research and development in connection with extension services. It is not
immediately obvious that there is market failure in either. To the extent that
there is a market failure, it is likely to be more in extension services than in
research and development.

*  Agricultural policy is invariably equated with a food-grain policy, more
specifically, a rice and wheat policy. This leads to perverse price signals
through the minimum support price and procurement systems and creates
disincentives against agricultural diversification. This must change.

*  Government imposed restrictions on production, marketing and distribution
must be removed. Typically, these are through the Agricultural Produce Marketing
and Control (APMC) Acts and orders under the Essential Commodities Act (ECA). On
the APMC Acts, reforms vary greatly from State to State. The relaxation of such
restrictions will permit dis-intermediation of distribution chains and
investments in cold storage and processing. Dis-intermediation permits higher
prices for farmers and lower prices for consumers, since there will be an
estimated 25% of savings for fruits and vegetables and 15% for food-grains.

*  There is no reason why corporate sector involvement in agriculture should not
be permitted. Even if corporate farming is not permitted, there should be
nothing against contract farming, with an efficient dispute resolution mechanism
in instances where there is non-compliance with contracts.

*  The credit and insurance markets need to be freed up, with private sector
participation and choice. Neither is particularly satisfactory now. There is
also no reason why forward markets should not be allowed.

*  Land markets should also be freed up. Ownership legislation, like land
ceilings, may be controversial. However, it is possible to un-bundle reforms,
such as relaxations in tenancy legislation, while keeping the ownership
legislation intact.

These reforms will make Indian agriculture modern and productive. We will no
longer have 100 million holdings, 90% of which are smaller than 2 hectares. Nor
will we have more than 100 million agricultural labourers working on
unproductive land.

Not only is per capita income higher in urban areas than in rural areas, within
rural areas, per capita income is higher outside conventional crop agriculture,
for cultivators as well as for agricultural labour. Outside of rice and wheat,
Indian agriculture has been suffering, because the commercialisation and
diversification that had occurred earlier died down from the second half of the
1980s.

Therefore, dryland agriculture has suffered, since only 40% of India's land area
continues to be irrigated.

The proposed reforms will at least double the productivity of India's crop
output. This will mean that less people have to work on farms and those who do
will have higher productivity and income. Released farm workers will be able to
work in rural industries and services, the kind of model that worked in China.
The rural to urban transition is partly linked to the farm to non-farm
transition. But in addition, within rural areas, there is a farm to non-farm
transition too and that needs to be encouraged by scrapping policies that force
and incentivise people to work on farms. There has to be an Industrial
Revolution within the rural sector. Today, with the organised and unorganised
sectors taken together, 38 million work in manufacturing. The number can easily
be 100 million and of these, many will be rural, but will work in non-farm
pursuits.

-Bibek Debroy is a noted economist and  Laveesh Bhandari is head of the
economics research firm Indicus Analytics

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 The Financial Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   December 9, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Farming 'healthy,' bankruptcies down

BYLINE: JACK AUBRY; SOUTHAM NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


An Agriculture Canada report raises doubts about the severity of the farm
crisis.

The report, which catalogues statistics about the farm sector up to this
November, shows farm family incomes have increased more rapidly than those in
urban areas, while the number of farm bankruptcies actually fell.

The report, obtained by the Citizen, may help explain why the federal cabinet
has resisted pleas from the vocal farm lobby to rubber-stamp a farm disaster
relief program of up to $ 1.7 billion over four years.

Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief is expected to announce a contribution of
about $ 500 million before Christmas but the money won't get to farmers until
after the next budget, when, the report seems to suggest, the full extent of the
price collapse caused by the Asian economic crisis will be realized.

The document, entitled Farm Financial Situation -- November 1998, clearly shows
that Canadian agriculture has been, until recently, a thriving sector.

"The fundamentals of the industry are still positive -- commodity prices go up
and down -- and the longer term prospects look good," said Ken Ash, the
directorate's director general.

"This industry is healthy and it will start growing again."

The report points out:

- Farm income reached near record levels in 1997.

- In 1998, farm family income is estimated at $ 56,298.

- In 1998, receipts are expected to be up from 1993-97 for all commodity groups.
Grains and oilseeds is only group forecast to decline in 1999.

- Canadian farmers have put away $ 2.5 billion in the Net Income Stabilization
Account, including $ 337 million for Manitoba and $ 1 billion for Saskatchewan,
the two provinces hardest hit by the current crisis.

- Income in 1998 is expected to be above the previous five-year average in all
provinces except Saskatchewan, Manitoba and Prince Edward Island.

- Small farms represent two-thirds of farm families in Canada but earned
relatively little of their income -- just 10 per cent -- from farming.

- Large farms -- sales of $ 100,000 or more -- have much higher farm family
income with about 55 per cent from farming.

- Average farm net worth continues to increase, exceeding $ 640,000, and large
farms approach $ 1 million.

Hog and grain farming, which have been heavily hit by falling commodity prices
this fall, represent 10 per cent and 20 per cent, respectively, of total farming
in the country.

The NISA accounts, which can be drawn upon by farmers in times of need, have
been built up to $ 2.5 billion during the past five years, with the federal
government matching the contributions of individual farmers to the fund.

"[Canadian agriculture] has been growing [in] the last five years and it has
been contributing more to GDP and to employment and not just at output levels.
On average, the well-being of farms has improved," Ash said.

"That's not to take away from the fact that 1998 is going to be a kick in the
teeth for some."

In 1998, farm income is expected to be four per cent below the average of the
previous five years.

Between 1985 and 1995, real farm incomes increased almost 12 per cent,
substantially more than the increase for urban families, at four per cent, and
rural non-farm families, at three per cent.

More good news can be found in the relatively low number of bankruptcies (126)
between January and June this year compared with 131 for the same period in
1997.


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Real or nominal? Which farm income will Modi double in 5 years?

LENGTH: 481  words

DATELINE: Chennai


Chennai, Feb. 9 -- Nearly a year ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi unveiled his
dream of doubling farmers' incomes by 2022. But how viable is this promise?
 For one, there is ambiguity on the number the Centre is targeting. Data on farm
income is not released at regular intervals. A survey of the National Sample
Survey Organisation comes once in 10 years or so. The last such survey on farm
income was in 2012-13.


 Further, data from NSSO surveys reveal that under normal circumstances, the
nominal income of farmers doubles in six years. In 2002-03, the average monthly
income of farmers stood at [#x20b9]2,115. This grew to [#x20b9]6,426 by 2012-13,
an annual increase of 11.75 per cent.
 In other words, regardless of massive government efforts, the farmer's nominal
income has been growing at the rate promised by the PM.
 So, is the Centre targeting real income? A BusinessLine analysis of the RBI's
data on the consumer price index (CPI) of agricultural labourers, for the
10-year period between 2002-03 and 2012-13, revealed that inflation measured 7.2
per cent on an average. This means that agricultural income, in real terms, can
grow only around 4-4.5 per cent a year. With an annual growth of 4.5 per cent at
best, a farmer's income can double only in 16 years!
 "It has not been clarified if they are looking at real or nominal income of
farmers, but, I assume they are talking about real income, as otherwise there is
no point in it as nominal incomes will anyway double in five or six years..."
said Siraj Husain, former Agriculture Secretary. Vijay Sardana, a member of
SEBI's commodity panel (Commodity Derivatives Advisory Committee) questions why
the Centre did not lay out a roadmap to achieve the objective. "It means a 20
per cent increase every year in a farmer's income, which is very significant.
But how are they going to do it?"
 Interestingly, Sardana also indicated that in 2015, the Agriculture Ministry
told the Supreme Court that the MSP of cereals, pulses or any other crop cannot
be on the basis of input cost plus 50 per cent as demanded by the Consortium of
Indian Farmers' Associations.
 In the round table conducted by the Indian Council of Food and Agriculture last
year, the expert recommendations for increasing farmer income revolved around
five themes: improving farm productivity, provision of better water and
management of other inputs, an integrated farming system, better price
realisation and some special measures including promotion of scientific
agriculture.
 To execute the above is a challenge. Fund allocations aside, co-operation from
States is necessary, say experts. The Centre, has allocated more funds to
irrigation and promised money for dairy processing and infrastructure
development in Budget 2017. It has also provided funds for grading facilities at
eNAM markets. But, doubts remain if all this will really double farmer income in
five years.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2017 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

East Bay: Grants awarded for low income healthy eating programs

BYLINE: By Doug Oakley doakley@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 167 words


The Ecology Center in Berkeley and Mandela Marketplace in Oakland received
grants from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to encourage low-income residents
receiving federal food assistance to eat more fruits and vegetables.

The department gave out $31 million to organizations nationwide to test
incentive strategies aimed at people in its Supplemental Nutritional Assistance
Program.

"Encouraging low-income families to put more healthy food in their grocery
baskets is part of USDA's ongoing commitment to improving the diet and health of
all Americans," said Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack in a statement.

The Ecology Center received $3.7 million for its Market Match program which
allows low-income people receiving federal food benefits to match dollar for
dollar their purchases of fruit and vegetables at farmers' markets.

Mandala Marketplace received $422,500. The program allows food benefit
recipients to get more out of their purchase of fruits and vegetables by adding
35 cents to each dollar.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

USDA predicts lower income for farmers in '09

BYLINE: Baylie Evans

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 428 words


By Baylie Evans

bevans@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - The United States Department of Agriculture predicts 2009 will end up
a much worse financial year for farmers than 2008.

And local experts say Wyoming likely will feel the effect.

The United States Department of Agriculture is predicting a 30 percent decrease
in the net cash income for farmers in 2009 compared to 2008. Although that is
attributed partly to a sour economy, it also is because 2008 was a particularly
good year for grain prices in the U.S. and in Wyoming. The 2009 prediction
brings income levels closer to the 10-year average.

For farmers across the U.S., including Wyoming, 2008 was a particularly good
year. That's partly because the demand for ethanol, which comes from corn, was
high.

The national net cash income - which measures the money that farm operators have
available to pay expenses and debts - was almost 20 percent more in 2008 than in
2007. And it was 27 percent more than the 10-year average of $71.2 billion.

The forecast for the 2009 national net cash income is closer to the average, at
$68.2 billion. That's $3 billion, or 4 percent, less than the 10-year average
and 30 percent less than in 2008.

Although some local economists have said that Wyoming has, so far, been
insulated from the economic troubles of other states, Wyoming farmers may feel
the effect of this year's economic trouble.

"Last year . was a phenomenal year in the grain markets," Jason Fearneyhough,
the director of the Wyoming Department of Agriculture, said. "Now we've come
back into a more realistic market."

Fortunately for Wyoming, Fearneyhough added, cattle prices are usually inversely
related to grain prices. So as grain prices go down, cattle prices go up.

Since Wyoming's agriculture is made up of mostly cattle ranches, the decrease in
grain prices may not affect the state as much as in other states.

Cattle prices are still down over the last year, Fearneyhough said, but they're
improving.

Dale Menkhaus, a professor of agriculture and applied economics at the
University of Wyoming, said Wyoming farmers likely have been affected by the
slow economy, but perhaps not as much as the USDA is predicting for the country.

The sour economy has already affected Wyoming, he said, but there are signs
pointing to recovery.

"Recovery in the agriculture sector might also follow," he said. "I would think
that (the USDA) might actually revise (its prediction) a little bit as the
economy improves."

Monte Lerwick, a farmer and rancher in Pine Bluffs, said his operation is
experiencing what the USDA has predicted, though he still expects to have a good
year.

Commodity prices, in general, are down, he said, particularly corn and wheat.
But cattle prices are doing well, and he has been able to sell sugar beets at
great prices this year.

"I would say that I'll probably do better this year than last year," he said,
adding that the improvement would be the sum of several factors.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Telegraph (India)

                            November 21, 2016 Monday

Expert lists ways to double rural income

BYLINE: Smita Bhattacharyya

LENGTH: 548  words


Jorhat, Nov. 21: Niti Aayog member Ramesh Chand presented a plan to double the
income of farmers at the inaugural session of the 76th annual conference of the
Indian Society of Agricultural Economics (ISAE) which got under way at the Assam
Agricultural University (AAU) here today.

Chand said all earlier government plans had focused on raising agricultural
output and food security. None had explicitly recognised the need to raise
farmers' incomes.

He said while Prime Minister Narendra Modi's goal of doubling farmers income by
2022 has been derided by economists, the target was feasible.

He said doubling of farmers' income by 2022-23, taking 2015-16 as the base year,
will entail an annual growth of 10.41 per cent in their incomes, which can be
achieved by improving crop productivity, efficient use of resources, cut in cost
of production, increase in cropping intensity, diversification towards high
value crops, shifting cultivators from farm to non-farm occupations, and
improvement in trade and in real prices received by farmers with the help of
improved technology, innovations and policies.

Buttressing his speech with figures, Chand said while the country has attained
self-sufficiency in foodgrains and acquired food security - the country's food
production has multiplied 3.7 times compared to a 2.55 times increase in
population, leading to a 45 per cent net increase in food production per person
- about 53 per cent of farmers remains below the poverty line.

He said the Consumption and Expenditure Survey for 2011-12, conducted by the
National Sample Survey Organisation, had revealed that one-fifth of the rural
households with self-employment in agriculture as their principal occupation had
incomes below the poverty threshold. "The low and highly fluctuating farm income
is leading to a detrimental effect on people's interest in farming and farm
investments and is also forcing cultivators, particularly the youth, to leave
farming."

AAU vice-chancellor K.M. Bujarbaruah said the average income of a farmer in
India with one hectare of land is about Rs 6,400 per month and it is feasible to
double the income in the next six years. He said 3.7 per cent of the population
engaged in agriculture was moving away annually from agriculture.

ISAE president and former member of Planning Commission Abhijit Sen appealed to
research scholars to work towards development of agriculture by taking
cognisance of climate change.

Agricultural economists C.L. Dadhich, honorary secretary, ISAE,R.B. Barman,
chairperson, Indian Statistical Commission, N. Chandrasekhara Rao, professor,
Indian Council for Research on International Economics, and A. Narayanamoorthy,
professor Alagappa University, were present at the meet.

Plenary sessions over the next two days will discussagro-industry, marketing,
entrepreneurship, trade, innovation and climate distress.

On the sidelines of the session, Chand said he would meet officials of all
states to know how the governments propose to develop agriculture as per the
guidelines of the Centre's policies. He will meet officials in Assam on November
29.

On the Rs 13,000 crore comprehensive package submitted by Bujarbaruah to the
Assam government and to Niti Aayog for development of agriculture in the state,
Chand said he was not aware of it.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2016 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday

Generating activity

BYLINE: JOHN EVERLY

SECTION: Other; Pg. b1

LENGTH: 276 words


Wisconsin's farms and agricultural businesses generate more than $51 billion in
economic activity and provide jobs for 420,000 people, according to a study by
University of Wisconsin-Extension community development specialist Steve Deller.

The research measured how dollars earned from sales of agricultural products
multiply in the state's economy. Deller is a professor of agricultural economics
at University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Among the study's findings:

* The direct economic effect of agriculture is $28.6 billion. This figure
represents the sales of all agricultural products.

* Sales of agricultural products create another $17.6 billion in
business-to-business purchases for items such as fuel, fertilizer, feed, farm
equipment, veterinary services and crop consultants.

* This business-to-business activity generates another $5.3 billion in economic
activity, because people who work in agriculture-related businesses spend their
earnings.

* About one out of every eight state citizens, or 12.2 percent, works in a job
related to farming. These occupations include farmers, farm employees,
veterinarians, crop and livestock consultants, feed and fuel suppliers, food
processors, machinery manufacturers and dealers, barn builders and agricultural
lenders.

* Each new job in agriculture creates another 1.3 jobs.

* About 10 percent of Wisconsin's total income, or $16.8 billion, comes from
agriculture. This figure includes wages and salaries, benefits and profits of
farmers and workers in agriculture-related businesses.

* Each new dollar of agricultural income generates another $1.78 in state
income.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

Chinese agency on using policy weapon to boost agriculture, rural work

LENGTH: 2433 words


Text of report by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News Agency)

[Special Commentator's Article: "Making Full and Good Use of Agriculture-Valuing
and Agriculture-Boosting Policy Weapon - Studying and Implementing 2009 No1
Central Document, Part One"]

Beijing, 1 Feb (Xinhua) - At the beginning of the New Year, the CCP Central
Committee and the State Council issued "Several Opinions on Promoting the Stable
Development of Agriculture and Maintaining Sustained Growth in the Income of
Peasants in 2009," in which comprehensive arrangements were made for a
successful handling of the current agricultural and rural work. This is another
agriculture-valuing and agriculture-boosting No1 central document that has been
issued under the new situation featured by the convening of the third plenary
session of the 17th CCP Central Committee and on the basis of five No1 central
documents that were previously issued over the past few years that aimed at
strengthening the "three rural" work; and is a full embodiment of the high value
that the central authorities have put on the "three rural" work, and a concrete
expression of the strategic thinking of persistently regarding a sound
settlement of the "three rural" issues as the top priority among the priorities
for the work of the whole party.

With promoting the stable development of agriculture and maintaining a sustained
growth in the income of peasants as the main theme, the 2009 No1 central
document is a requirement for implementing the spirit of the third plenary
session of the 17th CCP Central Committee, a requirement for laying a solid
foundation for bringing about a sound and rapid economic and social development,
and a requirement for coping with challenges that are currently facing
agriculture and rural development.

Over the past year, China's agricultural and rural sector has successfully
conquered a number of major natural disasters; overcome difficulties and risks
of various kinds; and has made considerable contributions to maintaining a
stable and fairly fast economic and social development, as grain production has
hit a new record high, the income of peasants has increased by a large margin,
the work of improving the people's livelihood has made rapid progress, and the
rural society remains harmonious and stable. Nevertheless, the sustained
worsening of the current international financial crisis has exerted growing
adverse influence on China's economy, and the effects of the adverse impacts on
the country's agricultural and rural development are revealing themselves on a
constant basis. It has emerged that peasants are facing difficulties in selling
their agricultural products and prices of agricultural products have taken a
downward trend, peasant workers are facing difficulties in finding jobs and more
have returned home, and the country's economic growth has slowed down and there
has been a greater number of conflicts. All this has posed grim challenges to
our efforts to bring about a stable and fairly fast development to agriculture
and the rural economy and to maintain social stability in rural areas.
Therefore, promoting stable agricultural development and maintaining a sustained
growth in the income of peasants makes up a vital part of the work of
consolidating and promoting the satisfactory situation in rural areas, is a top
priority in the country's current efforts to properly handle the "three rural"
work, and also represents ardent expectations of peasants in their hundreds of
millions.

The year 2009 is the first year for our implementation of the spirit of the
third plenary session of the 17th CCP Central Committee, and also a year of
crucial significance to our efforts to cope with the international financial
crisis and maintain a stable and fairly fast economic development. In our work
of expanding domestic demands, the greatest potentialities lie in rural areas;
in our work of bringing about a stable and fairly fast economic growth, the
fundamental support lies in agriculture; and in our work of providing guarantees
for and improving the people's livelihood, the focus and the difficult part lie
with peasants. The No1 central document has stressed on the need to regard it a
task of top priority to bring about a stable and fairly fast development to
agriculture and the rural economy; centre our efforts on stabilizing grain
production, increasing the income of peasants, and improving the people's
livelihood; further strengthen policies that will benefit peasants; reinforce
the scientific and technological backing; increase the intensity of inputs;
optimize the industrial structure; push forward reform and innovation; and to
try in every possible means to maintain a sustained growth in the income of
peasants. The document has put emphasis not only on the work of increasing the
intensity of state support and protection as well as the work of making as much
inputs in the "three rural" work as the country's ability allows, but has also
put emphasis on the need to arouse the inner vigour of the rural sector and to
give rise to a lively situation wherein all factors leading to an increase in
grain production and the income of peasants are fully brought into play and
wherein potentials for boosting production and development are fully released;
has set its eyes not only on resolving prominent problems during a current
period, drawing up more measures for stabilizing grain production and increasing
the income of peasants, and accomplishing more solid deeds in improving the
people's livelihood, but has also has set its eyes on establishing a long-acting
mechanism, laying a solid foundation and perfecting mechanisms, and
strengthening the staying power; has assigned great importance not only to
meeting the challenges posed by a downward trend in the prices of agricultural
products, boosting production by smoothening circulation channels, and bringing
about an increase to the income of peasants by stabilizing the prices of
agricultural products, but has also assigned great importance to using the
market to restrict the intensified reversed transmission of the pressure for
easing monetary conditions, changing the development pattern, facilitating a
standardized production, and heightening the level of quality safety; has
stressed not only on the need to fully tap employment potentialities, stabilize
jobs, and resolve practical difficulties for farmer workers who have turned
home, but has also stressed on the need to seize current opportunities,
reinforce training, enhance quality, provide a vital new force for the building
of the new countryside, and supply fine-quality human resources for the
country's economic and social development; and has paid great attention not only
to closely relying on the leadership of the party, giving play to the political
advantage that the party administers the rural work, and attending to the "three
rural" work in line with the requirement of regarding the work as the most
essential among the essential, but has also paid great attention to closely
basing efforts on peasants as the mainstay, giving play to the system advantages
in terms of household-based contractual operation and
centralization-decentralization integration, arousing the enthusiasm and
initiative of peasants in their hundreds of millions, and giving peasants a free
hand in their efforts to start new undertakings, take up new jobs, and open up a
new prospect in the current difficult situation.

Centring closely on the need for stabilizing grain production, increasing the
income of peasants, laying a solid foundation, and laying stress on improving
the livelihood of the people, the document has carried a series of highly
operable policies and measures that are clear in aim and high in actual value.

Stabilizing grain production means to stabilize and boost the country's grain
production, and to guarantee an effective supply of major agricultural products.
The document calls for increasing a number of agriculture-related subsidies,
including direct grain cultivation subsidies, improved varieties subsidies,
subsidies for agricultural machinery procurement, and comprehensive subsidies
for agricultural materials; heightening the minimum purchasing prices of grain;
establishing and perfecting an interest compensation system in major
grain-producing regions; introduce the "rice bag" responsibility system for
provincial governors; and ensure that grain production will not decline and that
there will be a sufficient supply of agricultural products.

Increasing the income of peasants means to extensively open up new channels for
increasing the income of peasants, create greater space for increasing the
income of peasants, and strive to maintain the momentum of a stable growth in
the income of peasants. The document urges efforts to increase subsidies for
practices that aim at increasing the income of peasants, tap inner
potentialities of agriculture for increasing the income of peasants, and
stabilize the income of farmer workers. In view of the current situation wherein
farmer workers are facing difficulties in finding jobs, in particular, special
arrangements should be made for the purpose of creating more jobs for rural
labour forces, adopt diversified measures for stabilizing and expanding the
employment of peasants, and ensure that the income of peasants will not stay
stagnant but will register a sustained growth.

Laying a solid foundation means to strengthen the infrastructural construction
for agriculture, improve systems and mechanisms that aim to value and boost
agriculture, and step up the ability of achieving a sustained development in
agriculture and the rural work. In the area of agricultural infrastructural
construction, the document calls for accelerating the pace of agro-technical
innovation, unfolding on a large scale the reclamation of medium-and
low-yielding farmland, stepping up the construction of water conservation and
irrigation infrastructural facilities, boosting agricultural mechanism, handling
well the construction of key ecological projects, improving the market system
for agricultural products, and perfecting the work of institutions engaged in
providing agriculture-related public services at the grassroots level. In the
area of improving and perfecting systems and mechanisms, the document urges
efforts to stabilize the land contract relations, establish and perfect the
market for the transfer of contractual land operating rights, introduce the most
stringent system for farmland protection and land conservation, comprehensively
push forward the reform of collective forest operating rights, provide support
for both specialized cooperatives and leading enterprises that are run by
peasants, boost the comprehensive rural reform, and inject greater vitality into
the county-based economy.

Laying stress on improving the livelihood of the people means to handle well
public services in rural areas, and devote great efforts to resolving the most
direct and most realistic interest issues that peasants are concerned about the
most. The document demands efforts to establish a stable mechanism for
guaranteeing rural cultural inputs; consolidate results achieved in popularizing
compulsory education in rural areas; speed up rural intermediate vocational
education; consolidate and promote the new rural cooperative medical scheme;
explore ways for establishing a new-type old-age pension system; heighten the
criteria of minimum subsistence allowances as well as the amount of such
allowances; speed up the construction of water, power, road, and gas (methane)
supply projects; expand the scope of the pilot scheme for the restoration and
transformation of derelict buildings in rural areas; and successfully carry out
the work of aid-the-poor development. Meanwhile, the document has also made
arrangements and set requirements for the work in a number of areas, including
increasing agricultural inputs, strengthening the service capability of the
rural finance, imposing strict supervision and control over quality safety of
agricultural products, stepping up regulation and control over the import and
export of agricultural products, introducing the practice of "sending home
electrical appliances to the countryside," and strengthening the organizational
building of party organizations at the grassroots level. A sound implementation
of all these policies and measures will surely play an important role in
conquering difficulties and challenges of various kinds, and in consolidating
and promoting the current satisfactory situation in agriculture and the rural
work.

Now that the central authorities have drawn up the fundamental national policy
for the "three rural" work, all localities and departments are required to
comprehend the spirit of the central authorities in its entirety; accurately
grasp the gist of the requirements of the central authorities; strictly carry
out central policies; and refrain from quoting out of context and distorting the
original meaning, shrinking or cutting off certain parts of the policies, or
getting out of tune and deviating from the correct track. They are required to,
in connection with local realistic conditions and their respective professional
functions, accomplish more solid and good deeds that aim at valuing and boosting
agriculture; strive to adopt as soon as possible policies that should be
adopted, itemize to the best of their ability measures that should be itemized,
and allocate as soon as possible funds that should be allocated to lower levels;
and earnestly make sure that they will put funds in place, apply measures the
right work areas, and take up responsibilities in a satisfactory manner. They
are required to follow closely changes in the economic situation both at home
and abroad, step up investigations and studies, make overall planning and
studies for issues of strategic and crucial importance that are related to the
"three-rural" issue, promptly detect problems that signify undesirable trends in
agricultural and rural developments, take precautions in advance when making
work arrangements, recognize telltale signs and nip contradictions in the bud,
firmly guard against a decline in grain production and resolutely prevent a
stagnant growth in the income of peasants, ensure that nothing will go wrong
with agriculture and that the rural society will remain stable, and strive to
provide a strong support for maintaining a stable and fairly fast economic
development.

Source: Xinhua news agency domestic service, Beijing, in Chinese 1006 gmt 1 Feb
09

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 21, 2015 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DAIRY FARMS LEAD STATE TO RECORD AG PROFITS IN '14

BYLINE:  ROB SCHULTZ  rschultz@madison.com, 608-252-6487

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 520 words


Wisconsin's farm economy bucked a national downward trend and set key income and
wealth records in 2014 with the help of dairy farmers who increased production
as milk prices skyrocketed, according to a new report.

State dairy income increased by $1.2 billion in 2014 and that pushed farm
profits in America's Dairyland to a record $4.26 billion in 2014, four
UW-Madison agricultural economists wrote in a report published Monday. The
equity of Wisconsin's farmers jumped 1.9 percent in one year to a record $64.4
billion.

"It was dairy's year," said Bruce Jones, one of the co-authors of the report
that was published in advance of Wednesday's Wisconsin Agricultural Economic
Outlook Forum at Memorial Union.

Nationally, farm profits dropped 24.6 percent from 2013 because of big drops in
corn and soybean prices that cut crop income by 11.5 percent, according to the
report, which cited data from the Economic Research Service of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

In Wisconsin, gross crop income dropped 12.1 percent to $3.75 billion last year,
but that was offset by a 22.3 percent gain in gross dairy/milk income to a
record $6.78 billion, the UW report showed.

"Nationally we're driven more by the grain resources. Wisconsin is more than 50
percent dairy, and we were able to take advantage of those stronger milk
prices," Jones said.

The outlook for 2015 isn't as optimistic, Jones said. Milk prices topped $25 per
hundredweight last year but have since fallen more than $7, a level at which
they are expected to stay through most of the year, he added.

"That will transfer into a significant decline in gross income, and that will
result in a drop in net income," Jones said.

Export concerns due to a stronger dollar and improved competition from New
Zealand and the European Union also threaten dairy income. U.S. dairy exports
dropped over the final six months of 2014 after experiencing big gains in the
first half of the year, the report said.

On the grain side, corn prices are expected to stay low but steady through 2015
while soybean prices are expected to drop further.

Also, agricultural real estate in Wisconsin hasn't appreciated like it has in
other Midwest states, the report showed. Because of that, Wisconsin farm assets
grew by only 11 percent from 2010 to 2013, while U.S. farm assets jumped more
than 25 percent.

On the positive side, the report said lower oil prices will help state farmers,
who can expect to pay lower prices for fuel as well as fertilizer and other
costs in 2015. Farmers also can expect to continue to receive high prices for
cattle taken to slaughter, which should contribute to smaller dairy herd sizes
and "moderate" milk prices by the end of the year. The report predicted that
cattle herd expansion should begin later this year because pasture conditions
have improved along with profit opportunities.

Jones said he doesn't believe 2014 will go down as an economic fluke in
Wisconsin. "I really hope we see it again. It may be a few years away, but who
knows? Maybe the conditions will someday come together and we'll see strong milk
prices coupled with strong crop prices," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             June 22, 1990, Friday

POSSIBLE RECORD YEAR FOR FARM INCOME SEEN

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


It's shaping up as a possible record year for farm income, according to new
forecasts by the Agriculture Department.

Sales of farm commodities "are showing some unexpected strength, so income
prospects have brightened" since the last 1990 forecast was issued three months
go, the department's Economic Research Service said this week.

"Strong hog prices and firming coarse grain prices are behind the improvement,"
the report said. Coarse grains include corn, sorghum, oats and barley.

Overall, the "net cash income" of farmers was forecast at $ 55 billion to $ 59
billion this year, up $ 1 billion from the range indicated since March. Last
year's net cash income was about $ 54 billion, and the record was $ 57.2 billion
in 1988.

As used by the agency, net cash income "measures the value of commodities sold
in a calendar year plus government payments, less out-of- pocket costs." Some
commodities sold actually may have been produced in earlier years and stored
until marketed.

Direct government payments to farmers in 1990 are expected to drop about 15
percent from last year to a range of $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion, the report
said.

In another method of accounting, the report said "net farm income" may be in the
range of $ 47 billion to $ 51 billion, a $ 2 billion increase from the earlier
1990 forecast. Last year's was $ 49 billion, a record.

Net farm income is used to measure the value of agricultural production, whether
sold or stored, in a calendar year plus government payments, minus all costs,
including depreciation and other allowances.

The report said world wheat production is expected to exceed consumption in
1990-91, leading to the first increase in stockpiles in four years. However,
supplies of corn and other coarse gains probably will drop for the fourth
straight year, despite larger output this year.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 31, 1989, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Rise in Farm Income Is Seen

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 11, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 143 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 30


Cash receipts from larger crops this year are strengthening net farm income more
sharply than had been expected, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.

The agency's Economic Research Service said net farm income could rise more than
10 percent this year, to between $48 billion and $53 billion. That is $1 billion
more than was forecast in July. Last year's net farm income was about $44
billion. The record was $47 billion in 1987.

As defined by the agency, net farm income includes the value of agricultural
production, whether sold or stored on the farm, and allowances for family
dwellings and other adjustments minus total operating expenses.

Economists said cash receipts from the sale of crops and livestock are expected
to rise by $2 billion, to $10 billion this year, more than offsetting a decline
in direct Government payments to farmers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                              July 25, 2016 Monday
                                 Early Edition

FCC earns $615M in 2015-16; pays $90M dividend to feds

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 407 words


Farm Credit Canada posted net income of $615 million, loan growth of $1.3
billion and paid a dividend of $90 million to the federal government in 2015-16,
according to the FCC's annual report released last week.

Michael Hoffort, FCC president and CEO of the Regina-based federal Crown
corporation, attributed FCC's success in fiscal 2015-16 to the success of its
farm and agribusiness customers. More than 85 per cent of FCC's 100,000 or so
customers are small-to mediumsized businesses, including grain and oilseed,
dairy, livestock, fruit and vegetable producers, as well as agri-food and
agribusiness clients.

"We are the only national financial institution solely dedicated to agriculture
and we are proud of that fact," Hoffort said in a news release. "We take a
long-term view, we know the ups and downs of the industry and we have had an
unwavering commitment to agriculture since we opened our doors in 1959."

For the fiscal year ended March 31, FCC disbursed $9.1 billion to farmers,
processors and suppliers. In 2015-16, FCC's loan portfolio grew by $1.3 billion
to $28.7 billion, of which $2.6 billion was loaned to young farmers, a slight
increase from the previous year.

Agriculture Minister Lawrence MacAulay said farmers and processors need access
to capital to develop their businesses. "FCC plays a vital role in supplying
family farms, young farmers and agricultural entrepreneurs with the means to
provide quality agriculture jobs ...." Highlights of the 2015-16 report include:
¦¦A net income of $615 million on interest income of $1.16 billion, versus net
income of $903.8 million on interest income of $1.2 billion in 2014-15.

¦¦A decrease of $61.7 million in impaired loans (over 90 days in arrears) to
$231.1 million. As a percentage of loans receivable, this represents a decrease
of 0.3 percentage points to 0.8 per cent. ¦¦Allowance for credit losses remains
low, with strong debt-toequity and total capital ratios, indicating continued
financial strength and an ongoing ability to serve the agriculture industry.

FCC BY THE NUMBERS

Farm Credit Canada posted some big numbers in 2015-16. Here are some of them.

$1.1 billion: Growth in loans receivable, an increase of 4.3 per cent from
2014-5.

47, 178: Number of loans disbursed.

$178,825: Average size of loan.

$48.5 million: Increase in net interest income.

$30 billion: Total assets versus $28.6 billion in 2014-15. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Michael Hoffort;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            January 5 1989, Thursday

Farmers seek out alternative income

BYLINE: JOHN YOUNG, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: Issue 63283.

LENGTH: 477 words


Nearly half of farmers' incomes now come from non-farming activities, and the
trend is likely to continue, Mr John MacGregor, Minister of Agriculture, said
yesterday.

In a speech to the annual Oxford Farming Conference, he made it plain that, if
farmers could no longer make a living from agriculture, they would have to make
up the difference from other sources and could no longer expect the large
subsidies they had enjoyed in the past.


He accepted that farming incomes had declined significantly in real terms and in
comparison with most other occupational groups. But it was misleading to
continue to assess the well-being of the farming community merely by reference
to the single simple statistic of aggregate farming income.

A more sophisticated analysis was needed and he was encouraging the wider
publication of additional information. For the first time the Annual Review of
Agriculture, to be published later this month, would include references to
income from other activities.

Inland Revenue analysis indicated that income from farming accounted for about
56 per cent of total taxable income. The rest came mainly from other jobs or
businesses and from investment.

The position was even more marked when it came to smaller, part-time farms.
Other sources of income in such cases could be several times that from farming.

Mr MacGregor's distinctly Thatcherite remarks contrasted sharply with those of
Dr Wilhelm Shopen, Assistant Secretary in the West German Ministry of
Agriculture, who said his Government would continue supporting small family
farms for social and environmental reasons.

Family farms were particularly able to adjust to the needs of modern society,
such as conserving natural resources, safeguarding a variety of landscapes and
maintaining the viability of rural areas. The part-time farm in particular was a
stable and flexible element in the rural economy.

Dr Shopen said West Germany did not want farms with big 'factory' units along
American lines. Mr MacGregor, on the other hand, said that in Britain, 56 per
cent of agricultural output came from only 11 per cent of all farms and that
there was no case for trying to halt changes brought about through market
forces.

Farming in Britain must become so far as possible like any other industry,
increasingly market-oriented and freed from government interference or
dependence on taxpayers' support.

Britain's farmers are demanding Government compensation for the crops destroyed
by Brent geese which migrate annually from Russia. The Essex branch of the
National Farmers' Union wants up to Pounds 125 an acre compensation for the East
Anglian cereal crops eaten by the geese, a protected species.

The Ministry of Agriculture said it would have to study the extent of the damage
before making any decision about compensation.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             August 1, 2003, Friday

SORTED AND THE CITY: DAIRY FARMS HIT CRISIS

BYLINE: ANDREW PENMAN, MICHAEL GREENWOOD & GUY DENNIS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 43

LENGTH: 103 words

HIGHLIGHT: AID CALL: Farmers want action from Minister Joe Walsh, inset


MORE bad-news statistics for farming emerged yesterday when figures from the
government's Teagasc industry showed an 18 per cent income drop for the dairy
sector last year.

Irish Creamery Milk Suppliers Association president Pat O'Rourke called on
Agriculture Minister Joe Walsh to concentrate on minimising the negative affect
the latest European Common Agriculture policy deal was going to have on the
dairy sector.

Mr O'Rourke declared: "The farm sector is in crisis, and a high-level group on
farm incomes is required as a matter of urgency to develop solutions to the
problems facing the industry."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2003 MGN Ltd.


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               November 21, 2002

IFA challenges figures on farm income

BYLINE: By SEAN MACCONNELL, Agriculture Correspondent

SECTION: CITY EDITION; HOME NEWS; THE FLOOD TRIBUNAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 301 words


A dispute between the Department of Agriculture and the Irish Farmers
Association over how farm incomes should be interpreted has spilled over into
the negotiations on a new partnership deal.

This follows the statement in the Dail by the Minister for Agriculture, Mr
Walsh, that in 2001, family farm income on full-time farms was over E5,000 more
than the average industrial wage. He said the average family farm income on
full-time farms was E30,959 net compared with the average industrial wage last
year of E25,507 gross.

The IFA claims the average family farm income was only 54 per cent of average
industrial earnings last year and is likely to be E14,200 this year, while the
average industrial earnings this year will be E26,370

Relations between the Department and the largest farm organisation in the State
have been poor since the IFA decided it would run its own pro-Nice Treaty
campaign.

The IFA failed to turn up to a photocall at Cork Airport which involved all the
farm organisations with the Taoiseach, Mr Ahern, who was reported to have been
"put out" by the non-appearance of the delegation. Now it has complained in
submissions to the partnership talks that the consultative process with the
Department, "is less than satisfactory".

"Policy announcements with a serious impact on individual farmer's livelihoods
have been made with inadequate or no prior consultation. Policy positions in
some cases have been adopted when it should be clear to the Department that
these positions were not in the spirit of a partnership approach," said the
submission.

The IFA said it did not agree with recent attempts by the Department of
Agriculture "to effectively change the National Farm Survey from a farm
management survey to an annual household income survey of farmers".

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Irish Times


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 11, 1982 Friday

Increased costs expected to reduce   income, but future looks promising

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 525 words


Farm receipts will rise across Canada this year, but a forecast increase
 in costs threatens to depress farm incomes.

But most agriculture experts still see high profit in the years ahead.
 "In the long term, we've got a hungry world out there," said Saskatchewan
 Agriculture Minister Eric Berntson.

In Alberta, despite recent dramatic surges in prices for beef cattle
 and hogs, the multi-billion-dollar agriculture industry fears this will be
 a difficult year.

Provincial officials estimate gross income for Alberta's 60,000 farmers
 will total $3.97-billion, slightly exceeding the record set last year
 after a bumper grain harvest. But soaring expenses are expected to push
 net income down 25 per cent from a record $1.02-billion last year.

With an expected good grain crop and red meat prices above cost, the
 outlook for Saskatchewan should be good. But farm income is expected to be
 down 22 per cent this year. Producers say they are being crippled by
 interest payments and other production costs.

In Ontario, the key factors affecting farmers are low prices and high
 interest rates. Producers of grain, beef and pork have been most affected.

In Quebec, the main problem area is pork production, where output has
 grown rapidly in the past decade. Producers have been caught between
 rising costs and stagnant prices. However, with beef and pork prices
 firming in recent weeks and hog supplies lower, the outlook could improve.

Total farm receipts are expected to rise 7.7 per cent over 1981, to
 about $2.9-billion.

There are indications Manitoba farmers will have a good year. Seeding
 will be completed soon, even though spring was late. Farmers have been
 buying less fertilizer than last year. If the trend continues, yields
 could drop.

Potatoes account for more than 40 per cent of the value of Prince
 Edward Island's farm receipts. After poor markets early this year, better
 prices are expected because of improved exports and lower volumes.
 Provincial officials expect a 15 per cent decline in P.E.I. farm receipts
 this year from $190-million in 1981.

New Brunswick farm income nearly doubled in 1981, but is expected to
 slide by as much as 25 per cent this year to about $50-million.

In Nova Scotia, a strong push toward regional food self-sufficiency and
 major land investments in the past six years have revitalized the
 industry.

For the first time since the Depression, the number of farms and total
 farm acreage have increased, and the trend is accelerating. Real growth
 last year was 6.5 per cent, more than twice the rise in gross provincial
 product.

Negotiations between the Newfoundland and federal governments are under
 way on a new cost-sharing agreement for the province's agricultural
 development.

Self-sufficiency in certain commodity groups is the Government's long
 term goal. Meanwhile, Agriculture Minister Joseph Goudie says stop-gap
 policies should ease pressure on land.

B.C. farm income will be up 10 per cent or more this year, predicted
 Gordon MacEachern, assistant deputy minister of agriculture and food.

Meat prices are stronger, and better spring weather holds hope that
 vegetable and small-fruit production will rebound from last year.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         FOROYAA Newspaper (Serrekunda)

                           January 4, 2012 Wednesday

A Review of Page the Merchandise Trade Deficit Is 6310 Million Dalasis
[analysis]

LENGTH: 534 words


PAGE is the programme for accelerated Growth and employment. It is the
Government's medium term development strategy and investment programme for 2012
to 2015.

According to the Minister of Finance and Economic Affairs the "main objective of
the PAGE is to accelerate growth and create employment.

In this issue we would look at the promises made regarding agriculture.
According to the Government, "Agriculture is the most pro-poor sector in the
country's economy, accounting for over 70 percent of employment in 2010. The
Agriculture Sector is responsible for generating farmers' incomes, improving
food security, increasing foreign exchange earnings and boosting tax revenue. It
is also the country's main source of income and acts as a catalyst in reducing
poverty. The sector has faced a lot of challenges over the years and has yet to
reach its full potential as a result; The Government through the PAGE has
renewed its commitment to give agriculture the priority it deserves.

"The Government's vision for the Agriculture Sector is to transform The Gambia
into a major supplier of agricultural products to local and international
markets between 2012 and 20l5.Investments in Agriculture will mainly be in the
provisions of inputs, irrigation facilities as well as expanding the acreage
under cultivation."

The Minister of Finance has said that in 2011 the agriculture sector is supposed
to grow by only 4.0 percent compared to a growth of 12.1 percent. Hence there is
an anticipated decline in growth in 2011. This means that farmers' income is
likely to decline, food security is likely to be eroded and foreign exchange
from agriculture to reduce in 2011. This again teaches how fragile agriculture
is if it depends on the vagaries of the weather. After 42 years of Republican
existence and 17 years of rule under the current government we cannot boast of
sustainable development in Agriculture. In fact the Minister was honest to tell
the Nation that "Growth in agricultural sector is expected to slow down due to
the variable weather conditions across the country."

It goes without saying despite propagation of the slogan " grow what we eat and
eat what we grow" Gambia is a net importer of rice, flour , sugar, tea, milk,
coffee, oil , butter, mayonnaise and fruits and vegetables. The Minister has
said it clearly that Imports is projected to increase to US $327 million or 9540
Million Dalasis in 2011 from US $313.1 million in 2010 with food and fuel
imports accounting for the bulk of the increase. Hence Gambia is a major
importer of food products and a very weak exporter. This is why the Minister
could not hide the fact that our trade deficit is increasing. According to him
in 2011 "the merchandise trade deficit is expected to widen slightly to US
$216.3 million or 6310 Million dalasis from US $215 million in 2010"

This is why the dalasi has depreciated against the US Dollar by 4.67 percent,
the Pound Sterling (0:95 percent),the Euro (6.58 percent) and the CFA (3.81
percent).

By 2015 the Gambia will still continue to experience the same level of trade
deficits because no visible programme is on the ground that would help the
country to be a net exporter rather than importer of food.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                            October 11, 2010 Monday

VIEW: The mystery of agriculture tax -Usman Mujib Shami

LENGTH: 1134  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 11 -- Hillary Clinton's recent comments on the tax policies of
Pakistan were not received very well in the country. Some sections of society
viewed it as an attack on the country's sovereignty. The reaction to the
statement is quite understandable, keeping in view Uncle Sam's public image

It is no secret that feudal lords and wealthy landowners, who literally enjoy a
controlling share of the country's resources and the political system, are the
poorest when it comes to paying taxes. The agriculture sector contributes around
22 percent to the country's GDP; however, its share in the total tax collection
is negligible. Agriculture policies seem to be one of the few issues upon which
all the military and political rulers agree. This alliance was quite evident in
the case of land reforms. The issue was finally decided by a Supreme Court
Shariat Appellate Bench in 1989, declaring land reforms un-Islamic. Land reforms
are widely debated in the country even today. However, the focus of this article
is on the issue of agricultural income tax.

The fact that legislation for agricultural income tax exists might come as a
surprise for most readers. The usual discussions on the topic revolve around
demands from the economists and social workers to bring the feudal landlords
into the tax net.

Agriculture tax was made a provincial subject under the 1973 constitution. The
lack of political will on the issue is evident from the fact that no legislation
was ever carried out by any of the four provinces until 1993, when the NWFP
Agricultural Income Tax Ordinance was promulgated. Ironically, the said
ordinance did not even provide the definition of agricultural income. The other
three provinces also subsequently passed similar laws. In Punjab, agricultural
income tax was levied in 1997 through the Punjab Agricultural Income Tax Act.

Though agricultural income tax is the sole prerogative of the provinces under
the constitution, all of the four provinces lack the political will and the
machinery to collect it. Total federal tax collection for the year 2009 was
around Rs 1,380 billion. During the year, Punjab collected around one billion
rupees through agricultural income tax and the amount collected by Sindh was
around Rs 200 million (Sindh's share in the country's agriculture can be
estimated at around 20-25 percent). A mere Rs 1.8 billion were collected by all
the four provinces combined. In 2008, Punjab collected only Rs 0.7 billion and
around Rs 0.71 billion was collected in 2007. The pattern for previous years is
also quite similar.

The sector possesses a minimum revenue potential of around Rs 250-300 billion,
considering the current GDP to tax ratio and the tax rate. Considerable
'benevolence' for the sector has already been shown by the lawmakers while
setting the tax rate. According to the legislation carried out by provinces on
income exceeding Rs 300,000, an amount of Rs 22,500 plus 15 percent of the
amount exceeding Rs 300,000 is to be paid as tax. For income of Rs 200,000 to Rs
300,000, the fixed amount is to be Rs 12,500 and 10 percent of the amount
exceeding Rs 200, 000. It should be noted that these rates were set by the
governments at a time when corporate taxes were as high as 50 percent. Even
today, these are considerably lower than the corporate tax level of around 35
percent.

The government's patronisation of the sector has actually kept it from standing
firm on its own and has given way to further inefficiencies. It should be
stressed that already more than 65 percent of the country's population is
involved in the agriculture sector. That is one of the highest in the world. In
the US, around three percent and in the UK around one percent of the population
is involved in the agriculture sector. In Brazil, around 20 percent are employed
in the agriculture sector. The figure that was 62 percent in 1950s has come to
the present level with the development of its economy. How to productively
utilise the workforce freed as a result of mechanisation and improvement in
agricultural practices is a topic that requires detailed discussion but these
statistics do highlight the inherent inefficiencies of the sector.

It is not by coincidence that most developed countries around the globe enjoy a
very high tax to GDP ratio compared to the developing ones. Countries like
Belgium and Austria enjoy a tax to GDP ratio of as high as 45 percent. The logic
is quite simple: in order to finance their hefty budgets, they need a solid
revenue stream. If governments fail to match their revenues to expenditures,
alternative avenues like debt financing, money supply manipulation, etc, might
be used.

Hillary Clinton's recent comments on the tax policies of Pakistan were not
received very well in the country. Some sections of society viewed it as an
attack on the country's sovereignty. The reaction to the statement is quite
understandable, keeping in view Uncle Sam's public image. However, it does not
alter the fact that Pakistan enjoys a tax to GDP ratio of around 9.6 percent,
which is one of the lowest in the world. The elite of the country indeed
contribute very little to the government's revenue stream. The reasons that
enable them to escape the tax net range from political shrewdness to a corrupt
system.

As a result, Pakistan's government, like many other developing nations, has to
frequently look toward international agencies and countries like the US to
finance its fiscal gap. The spiral of foreign debt repayment through further
borrowing has resulted in the country's foreign debt soaring to an alarming
level of $ 55.6 billion.

The provincial governments that are already facing a dire financial crunch need
to forcefully implement the law that has been shelved for so many years. Though
the current agricultural income tax rate is very minimal, still its
implementation can provide the provinces, especially Sindh and Punjab, with
much-needed revenues. Moreover, it can ease the financial burden on the federal
government as well.

Currently, the agriculture income tax is collected through provincial revenue
departments. The established procedures provide local patwaris the opportunity
to tailor the tax returns according to the wishes of the wealthy landowners. It
is quite evident that the provinces lack the ability and machinery to collect
such taxes and long-term investments might be needed in the infrastructure.
However, the collection can be outsourced to federal board of revenue at a fixed
percentage or amount. The dream of self-sufficiency cannot be realised without
fully utilising the potential of our economy. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Times. For any query with respect to this article or any
other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                               September 30, 2009

Macra warns hands off remaining young farmer schemes

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


AGRICULTURE IS Ireland's largest indigenous industry, yet the Government seems
to forget this fact, Macra na Feirme President Michael Gowing has said.

Speaking at the National Ploughing Championships he said that it was hands off
time for the Government in terms of targeting further cuts in young farmer
schemes.

"The 100% young farmer Stock Relief, Stamp Duty relief and the 90% Agricultural
Relief on gift and inheritance tax must be retained otherwise the age structure
of Irish Agriculture will go into freefall. The engine of growth in agriculture
will come from youth, yet currently only 7% of our farmers are under 35, a
staggering statistic that would send alarm bells off in any other sector of
business," he said.

"Numerous farmers have in the past decade had to look off farm for another form
of income to support their faming income as in many cases they just do not make
a substantial enough living off the land alone.

This was possible during boom times as 59.8% of young farmers surveyed in a
recent Macra na Feirme survey of 500 young farmers said that in the past five
years they did have a supplementary form of income, however, when all 500 were
asked if they currently had a source of off farm income 53.4% said they do not.

This represents a drop of 13.2%. Young farmers are obviously among those who
have lost their jobs recently and many of these young farmers invested money
earned off farm into growing and expanding their farms.

"Aside from being hit like everyone else with VAT increases and income levy's
farmers are crippled further by the recent cuts made by the Department of
Agriculture on Installation Aid, Early Retirement, REPS, cuts in Disadvantaged
Area Payments and Farm Improvement Schemes, the benefits of which cannot be
stressed; 82.3% of young farmers surveyed said they had seen their income drop
due to the recession, a recession they did not cause and are being unfairly
penalised for.

"When asked to pin point what they believe are the greatest threat to Irish
agriculture, 41% of Young farmers said large retails with 34% saying the
withdrawal of Government and EU funded schemes while 21% said WTO," Mr Gowing
explained.

"The Government can play its part in addressing these treats by reinstating
young farmer schemes and ensuring agriculture is not sold out under any possible
future WTO deal," Mr Gowing concluded.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    July 15, 1987, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Manitoba minister urges guaranteed farm income

BYLINE: (CP)

SECTION: BUSINESS TODAY; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 103 words

DATELINE: WINNIPEG, Manitoba


   WINNIPEG (CP) - Canada should consider a guaranteed-income program for
farmers instead of the current hodgepodge of subsidies based on commodities and
productivity, Manitoba Agriculture Minister Bill Uruski says.

In an interview from Quebec City where he was attending a federal-provincial
meeting of agriculture ministers yesterday, Uruski said it is time to reform the
various government farm subsidy programs which cost about $4 billion annually.

"Agricultural subsidies should support farmers rather than farming and policies
which include production incentives should be avoided," Uruski said.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday

The paradox of levy exceeding income

BYLINE: I P Singh

SECTION: CHANDIGARH

LENGTH: 360 words


JALANDHAR: Even as Union finance minister P Chidambaram was quite clear in
asserting in 2008 that the Centre had no plan to exempt agriculture land from
wealth tax, figures of the income tax department had made it clear that income
from agriculture in a year for a farmer was not more than the wealth tax being
levied on them and it was apparent that owners would have to either sell off
their land or to drain other sources to pay this wealth tax.

The paradox of the annual wealth tax eating into entire income from agriculture,
that too when income from farming is not taxed, was clear to IT officials, but
they have to levy penalties, citing helplessness due to the law.

In the case of Rajinder Singh Nagra, who, along with his brother, Gurdeep Singh
Nagra, was the first one whose land was attached for recovery of wealth tax.
Nagra's charted accountant, Sandeep Sharma, revealed citing official documents
that in 2003-04, I-T department, while assessing his income and liability to pay
tax, computed that his agriculture income was Rs 1.80 lakh from 15 acres of
land.

However, the same year, his wealth tax was computed at Rs 1.83 lakh for the same
land as per the collector rate fixed by the deputy commissioner. Not just his
wealth tax for a year was Rs 3,000 more than the agriculture income, penalty at
100% was also levied on him for concealment, Sharma said.

Enquiries from I-T department revealed that for farmers with traditional crop
cycle of wheat and rice, they were assessing annual income of Rs 30,000 per
acre, while those who had diversified, they were assessing around Rs 40,000-Rs
50,000.

However, enquiries by TOI from Punjab revenue department revealed that for areas
falling within eight kms, the collector rate (the minimum rate on which a sale
deed of a land is registered) ranged from Rs 30 lakh to Rs 3.5 crore. This way,
the annual wealth tax per acre could compute from Rs 30,000 to Rs 3.20 lakh per
acre, while income would hover around Rs 30,000 only.

IT officials also felt that it was illogical to seek tax beyond one's total
income, but said that their hands were tied under the Wealth Tax Act.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 5, 2005 Saturday

Farm bureau to mark 'Food Check-Out Day'

LENGTH: 281 words


The average American family earns enough disposable income to pay for its annual
food supply in 37 days, according to the Utah Farm Bureau Federation.

The bureau will mark that "Food Check-Out Day" with special events on Monday.

Salt Lake County farm bureau members will be in Peterson's Market, 1777 W. 12600
South in Riverton, to help shoppers better understand Food Check-Out Day. They
will also choose two unsuspecting shoppers and buy their food items.

In a statement released by the bureau, the latest (2003) statistics compiled by
the U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service indicate that
American families and individuals currently spend 10 percent of their disposable
personal income for food. Applying that to the calendar year, the bureau
postulated that the average household will have earned enough disposable income
to pay for its annual food supply in 37 days.

"This day should hold meaning for most Americans," Utah Farm Bureau president
Leland J. Hogan said in a prepared statement. "As food producers, we are
concerned that some Americans cannot afford to buy the food they need, but we
are proud of the role Utah farmers play in making our food supply more
affordable for all."

The percent of disposable personal income spent for food has declined over the
last 34 years, which the U.S. Department of Agriculture attributes to the
widening gap between growth in per-capita income and the amount of money spent
for food.

"This overall decrease is made more notable by the fact that trends indicate
Americans are buying more expensive convenience food items for preparation at
home, as well as more food away from home," the farm bureau said in a statement.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    January 13, 1994 Thursday FINAL EDITION

THINK FARM LIVING IS THE LIFE FOR YOU? BETTER THINK BIG IN DELAWARE, AGRICULTURE
IS NO. 1, BUT STATE IS STILL LOSING FARMS. THE NUMBERS MAY SHOW WHY: IT TAKES A
LOT OF MONEY TO MAKE A LITTLE.

BYLINE: Walter F. Naedele, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 601 words


Want to punch out the boss, sell the house, move to a farm in Delaware?

Want to enjoy the sleepytime rhythms of all that open country, especially south
of the Chesapeake and Delaware Canal?

Think again.

The average Delaware farmer in 1992 had to sell more than $200,000 worth of farm
products to get a net cash return - an annual income after expenses - of
$41,491.

And to produce that income, that average farmer had to own land and buildings
worth more than $500,000.

By comparison, the median family income in the United States in 1991 - the most
recently available year - was an estimated $35,938.

So you have to come up with half a million smackers to buy the place, work your
rear off, and then earn only about $5,500 more than half the nation's
families.

Is it any wonder that between 1987 and 1992, the number of Delaware farms
declined from 2,966 to 2,633?

The statistics are in the first of 50 state-by-state reports from the U.S.
Census Bureau, breaking down the 1992 Census of Agriculture.

"Delaware is the first to be released because it has only three counties," said
Clinton Coleman, a bureau statistician.

Midwestern state reports are due next; those for New Jersey and Pennsylvania are
down the line.

Coleman said the national agriculture census, a once-every-five-years effort, is
not expected until autumn.

Because national figures are not available, the relative merits of Delaware
agriculture can still be argued, without challenge, in every country store
from DuPont estates in the north to chicken pluckers in the south.

Even in the state capital of Dover.

"We say agriculture is the number-one business in the state, looking at it in
fairly broad terms," said state agriculture statistician Tom Feurer. "If you
called up tourism, they would tell you they're the number-one industry."

And within agriculture, isn't poultry the number-one business? "By all means,"
he said. "It accounts for two-thirds of the farm income in the state."

But even the number of poultry farms declined, the Census Bureau said - from
1,176 in 1987 to 987 in 1992.

What makes farming difficult in Delaware, Feurer said, is that "we have the
fifth-highest land value in the U.S. for farms," which includes land and
buildings on the land.

"The four above us are all in the Northeast - Massachusetts, Rhode Island,
Connecticut, New Jersey."

In 1992, the average Delaware farmer held land and buildings worth $514,156, up
considerably from the $369,751 average of 1987. (The Census Bureau did not
adjust the figures to account for inflation.)

And that average farmer earned, from the sale of agricultural products alone,
nearly twice what he had only five years earlier - $41,491 in 1992,
$22,023 in 1987.

But 1987 was not average.

Farm income for 1987 "was very, very low," Feurer said. That year "was a strange
year, a drought year.

"So really, the number there for '92 is more typical" of average income in the
late 1980s and early 1990s.

A farm, Feurer said, is in the census if it annually sells at least $1,000 of
its agricultural products.

In Delaware from 1987 to 1992, the the number of small farms fell. Only large
farms of more than 1,000 acres increased in number, from 128 in 1987 to 131 in
1992.

And among farms that raise beef cattle or milk cows or hogs or sheep, only sheep
farms - requiring relatively little land - rose in number, from 50 to 72.

"There are a lot of small flocks, not even (large enough to be called) flocks,"
said Feurer. "I think that tends to be a fairly popular thing."

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

OUR VIEWS ;
AGRICULTURE TRENDS;
Middle ground shrinking for those on the farm

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 417 words


ON the campaign trail, Barack Obama began moving toward the middle after his
nomination. His professed ideology (as opposed, perhaps, to what he really
believes) became more centrist. He made constant appeals to the middle class.

In the Farm Belt, things are moving away from the middle, widening the gap
between ever larger agribusiness operations on the one hand and small farms on
the other.

In 2002, just 145,000 farming operations produced $150 billion of goods, or 75
percent of the value of all agriculture output. The other 25 percent? More than
2 million farms were needed to produce it.

This fact is pointed out by Mike Spradling, president of the Oklahoma Farm
Bureau, in contrasting today's farm scene with that expected in 2019, when the
American Farm Bureau will mark its 100th anniversary.

By 2019, an AFB report cited by Spradling says, it may take only 100,000
operations to produce that same 75 percent of agriculture output. "In other
words, the structure of agriculture is moving away from the middle."

The nation isn't losing small farms, Spradling is quick to add. Despite a
prevailing belief that the number of farms shrinks yearly, farming operations
have stabilized at about 2.1 million since the mid-1980s. In the Southern Plains
region that includes Oklahoma, farming operations have increased by 10,000 in
the past 10 years.

But the U.S. Department of Agriculture defines a farming operation as any
pursuit capable of producing as little as $1,000 a year in agriculture sales.
What's shrinking is the number of farms needed to produce 75 percent of
agricultural output. This number fell by almost half between 1987 and 2002.

One byproduct of these trends is that farming has become more dependent on rural
communities than rural communities are dependent on farming. Off-farm income is
of greater importance to farming families. Averaged across all farms, 89 percent
of farm family income comes from off-farm sources.

Yet rural communities are less capable of supplying off-farm income. More than
half of the nation's 400 farming-dependent counties lost population in the 1980s
and 1990s. As suburbs continue to grow into farm country, employment
opportunities increase but farmland decreases.

Farmers can't count on government support, says Spradling, because the country
won't be able to afford it in coming years. "So, just keeping the funding
agriculture currently has would be a major victory."

Keeping a viable "middle" in agriculture already seems to be a lost cause.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday
                                Bangalore Mirror

Non-agriculture income for buying land will be with retrospective effect

BYLINE: Shyam Prasad S

SECTION: OTHERS

LENGTH: 514 words


The new limit of Rs 25 lakh on non-agriculture income to purchase agricultural
land that was introduced last year will have to be understood as coming into
effect in 1974 itself. Anyone with non-agriculture income over Rs 25 lakh is
barred from purchasing agriculture land in Karnataka. The limit of Rs 2 lakh was
increased to Rs 25 lakh in the Karnataka Land Reforms Act, 1961 in 2015. Many
people, including politicians, are in trouble due to the previous limit of Rs 2
lakh. But the High Court has held in a recent case that the new limit would have
to be read as coming into effect earlier. It gives hope to thousands of persons
who had purchased agriculture land before the new amendment.

Deciding Case

Tamil Chelvan, from Doddabanaswadi, claiming to be a professional farmer,
purchased agriculture lands at Sandapady village. However, authorities initiated
proceedings against him under Sec 79A and B of the Karnataka Land Reforms Act.
The land Chelvan purchased was forfeited to the state. This was challenged by
him in the Karnataka Appellate Tribunal. His appeal was rejected on a finding
that his income was more than Rs 2 lakh per year.

Chelvan approached the High Court and his case was heard by justice Anand
Byrareddy. As luck would have it, during the pendency of the case in the HC, the
government changed the law. 'Rs 2 lakhs' in Sec 79A of the Act was replaced with
'Rs 25 lakhs,' on August 13, 2015. Now the question before the HC was whether
such amendment can be given effect retrospectively.

A similar question had arisen before the HC in relation to the very same section
of the Act in 1993. The case was Vijayakumar Shankarayya Sardar Vs State of
Karnataka. In that case, the division bench had held that "Whenever an amended
Act has to be applied subsequent to the date of amendment, the various unamended
provisions of the Act have to be read along with the amended provision 'as
though they are a part of it."

In the earlier case, the non-agriculture income ceiling was increased from Rs
12,000 to Rs 50,000 for purchase of agriculture land. The HC said that in the
earlier case the division bench had said that the amended provisions (in 1991)
had to be read in such a way that it came into effect in 1974 when the first
amendment to the law was made. The HC said that there was no need for the
legislature to specifically state the law to be retrospective as the section
itself provided as to what transactions the restriction was applicable.

25 lakh applies from 1974

Justice Reddy in his judgment said, "As the provision stands, the date of the
commencement of the entire provision is 1.3.1974 ? and none other. It is in this
vein that the Division Bench has interpreted the prospective or retrospective
application of the amendment. By the same token of reasoning since the ceiling
limit is enhanced to Rs 25 lakhs which is as was done in the year 1991, from Rs
12,000 to Rs 50,000. The same reasoning would apply and therefore the ceiling
limit would have to be read as if it was present from 1.3.1974. No other
interpretation can be given to the provision."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Business World (Digest)

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Agriculture should be a "key objective" in next month's Budget;
Agriculture sho...

LENGTH: 180 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Irish Farmers Association (IFA) presented their pre-budget
submission to members of the Oireachtas in Dublin yesterday.


The Irish Farmers Association (IFA) presented their pre-budget submission to
members of the Oireachtas in Dublin yesterday.

The IFA President, Eddie Downey, claims that the targeting of sectors like
agriculture that can stimulate economic activity must be a key Government
objective in next month's Budget.

Eddie Downey said, "Throughout the downturn, the primary agriculture and
agri-food sector delivered increased employment and export earnings,
contributing significantly to our economic recovery.

"However, the cuts to farm schemes in successive budgets have had a damaging
effect on farm incomes particularly in the vulnerable, low-income drystock
sectors". The priorities outlined in the report include funding of E250m to be
allocated for agri-environment schemes in Budget 2016, with full payments for
50,000 participants. IFA Farm Business Chairman Tom Doyle said, "Budget 2016
provides an opportunity for the Government to address the structural problems
and build on the productive capacity of the agricultural sector through the
taxation system." Source: www.businessworld.ie

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Media World Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Express Tribune

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday

Sindh Budget 2015-16: Tax on agriculture income 0.4% of Sindh's estimated
revenue

LENGTH: 617  words


Holding up the tradition of criticising the federal government for its
unpredictable fiscal transfers to the provincial government, Sindh Finance
Minister Syed Murad Ali Shah announced on Saturday the establishment of a Tax
Reform Unit (TRU) within the finance department to enhance provincial tax
collection.

Notwithstanding the fact that the same announcement was made in the preceding
budget speech as well, Shah tried his best to paint a rosy picture of the
provincial taxation system. "The performance of the Sindh Revenue Board (SRB)
has been exemplary. Its rise to a major tax-collecting agency in such a brief
period is unparalleled," he said.

However, budget estimates show the expected provincial tax receipts amounting to
Rs124.6 billion constitute only 17.1% of the total receipts of the province
projected for 2015-16. In other words, the Sindh government finds itself largely
dependent on federal transfers that constitute as much as 68% of the total
provincial receipts that are projected to be Rs726.5 billion in the next fiscal
year.

As if the low share of the tax receipts in the overall provincial receipts was
not embarrassing enough, a quick look at the breakdown of Sindh's tax revenues
reveals a sharp tilt towards indirect taxation.

Indirect taxes, which are regressive by nature, form as much as 91.9% of the
total projected provincial tax receipts for 2015-16. Direct taxes, which include
the tax on agriculture income, amount to just Rs9.9 billion, or 7.9%, of the
total estimated provincial tax receipts. In the absence of resource mobilisation
at the provincial level, especially by means of direct taxes, it is least
surprising that the Sindh government repetitively complains about the
'unpredictable' federal transfers every year.

The amount collected as the tax on agriculture income, which was imposed in the
province back in 2002, is shockingly low. The budget estimate for the tax on
agriculture income in 2015-16 is only Rs559.3 million.

Indirect taxes, as a result, form 91.9% of total projected receipts.

It means the tax target for agriculture income for the next fiscal year comes
around 0.4% of the total projected provincial tax receipts.

The amount of Rs559.3 million is considerably lower than the non-tax receipts of
Rs572.9 million that the government expects to receive in 2015-16 through fees
drawn by government's educational institutes, including secondary and
intermediate schools, technical colleges and universities.

Furthermore, the estimates of expenditures reveal that the government has
promised agriculture subsidies, which exclude administration expenses, amounting
to a staggering Rs9.1 billion in 2015-16, up 127.5% from the revised estimate
for 2014-15.

With heavy subsidies and near-absence of taxation on the income on agriculture,
no wonder the provincial government is going to rely on indirect taxation by
means of sales tax on services (Rs61 billion), provincial excise tax (Rs4.8
billion), stamps duty (Rs9.5 billion) and motor vehicle taxes (Rs5.7 billion) in
2015-16.

In addition, Shah also announced the imposition of sales tax on several other
services, such as travel agencies (10%), credit rating agencies (14%),
underwriters (14%), indenters (14%), auctioneers (14%), dredging and desilting
(10%), copyright or intellectual property right services (10%), packers and
movers services (14%), valuation services (14%) and renting of commercial
properties (6%).

Published in The Express Tribune, June 14th, 2015.

LikeBusiness on Facebook, follow @TribuneBizon Twitter to stay informed and join
in the conversation.

The post Sindh Budget 2015-16: Tax on agriculture income 0.4% of Sindh's
estimated revenue appeared first on The Express Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Express Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Bihar Times (India)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday

Agricorps: A Contemporary Approach in Agriculture Management

LENGTH: 956 words

DATELINE: Patna


Patna, May 21 -- The predominately agrarian economy in Bihar is in desperate
need of innovations. Agriculture management stands out as a critical area for
such innovative intervention. At present, agriculture management is beset with a
number of crippling challenges. Some of these are as follows:

* Fragmentation of land holding

o Increasing pressure of population

o Further accentuated by breaking up of joint families in a marked trend towards
nuclear family.

* Change in sociological needs:

o Gender equity warranting ownership of land by daughters

o Need to move towards restricted family size resulting in more common instances
of daughters only family, warranting acceptance of daughters as the sole
inheritor of property

* Need to perpetuate ownership of meagre landholdings while striving for
supplementing source of Income through add on means

o Migration in search of supplementary income

o Search for dependable regular income to reduce reliance on vagaries of
agriculture productivity

o Providing assurance of ownership by protecting from unlawful land grabbing.

Tackling these emerging challenges would most probably require a new model of
ensuring a collaborative framework of agriculture management so as to achieve a
desired critical mass of land holding. This critical mass should be good enough
in size to support modern farming techniques, including desired level of farm
mechanization as would be warranted by planned state of agriculture economy.
Again, going by the aforementioned challenges, there is a definite need to make
the land assets more liquid and easily transferable while also providing
assurance of protecting land ownership right of the rightful owners. Such a
model would call for ushering in 'Virtual Corporatization' of agriculture
management. This would be a De Facto corporate model with necessary enabling
statutory modifications peculiar to it.

Virtual corporatization as such will entail setting up of Agriculture Management
Companies (agriccorps). These agricorps should be vested with legally recognized
uses rights on the land transferred by participating members without having
ownership controls. Shares can be issued to participating members in lieu of
their landholding in an equitable manner having regards to quantity and relative
quality of lands. Transfer of such shares would necessarily involve transfer of
identifiable land holdings. A guiding policy framework can be adopted by the
promoting members, and as may be modified/adopted by subsequent body of
participating members. However, since ownership of land would not to be vested
in such agricorps, a new formulation would be required to handle the liabilities
whether direct or contingent. It would also require an elaborate detailing of
the kind of liabilities such agricorps can take and how those liabilities are
going to be secured, subject of course to policy laid down unanimously by
participating member. At any stage, participating member should have right to
take control of his landholding along with retained profit, if any, away from
agricorp after providing for a suitable notice period, say six months, on
surrendering his/her shares.

To facilitate development of agricorps, government will have to bring in
enabling statutes. Changes would be required in stamp act/ registration act,
apart from other statutes, to facilitate smooth operation and popularity of such
agricorps. Since activities of these organizations would be limited within
state, I believe state government would be a competent authority to legislate in
regards to developing this breed of corporate. Moreover, agriculture stamp duty
and registration falling under the jurisdiction of state government, state
government would be in and ideal position to cultivate this new breed of
agricorps. Even the taxation on agriculture income would be under purview of
legislative power of state.

Promoting this new breed of innovatively structured agricorps can have multiple
benefits. Moreover, it can certainly help address the aforementioned challenges
in the agriculture management. Specifically, it would help in:

1. Resolving the problems arising out of excessive fragmentation of landholding
by consolidating the land owned by shareholders under these agricorps. This
would help create an aggregated investible fund. Large scale mechanization and
optimization of investment would be possible when land holdings are aggregated
under such agricorps. Economy of scale can be other off shoot of such
structuring.

2. Such agricorps will be in a better position to tap Quality inputs,
throughput. It will also be in a better position to access markets.

3. Land as an asset will become highly liquid as these will be represented by
tradeable instrument inform of shares.. This will help address numerous
challenges necessitated by some highly desirable societal changes as mentioned
earlier.

4. These agricorps would provide a regular source of income to manpower employed
on its rolls. Other members of such agricorps would be free to pursue alternate
source of income without being tied down. At the same time, these members would
continue to enjoy regular income commensurate with the size of their
landholdings.

5. Such structuring will also bring down instances of land disputes and illegal
land grabbing.

Unless aforementioned emerging issues in agriculture management are addressed
appropriately, associated problems will get further aggravated. It is time to
resolve these issues in innovative way to reduce the build up of unwarranted
stress in agriculture management. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from Bihar Times. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 Bihar Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                              July 5, 2005 Tuesday

Economy stops counting sheep

BYLINE: Steven Wardill

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 497 words


AUSTRALIA'S days of riding on the sheep's back appear all but over, research has
revealed.

The Productivity Commission study found the share of the national economy
contributed by farms had declined significantly since the 1960s.

Farmers accounted for only 4 per cent of gross domestic product in 2003-04,
about $25 billion, compared with about 14 per cent in the early 1960s.

"Historically, agriculture has played an important role in the Australian
economy," the study, Trends in Australian Agriculture, said.

"In the first half of the 20th century, it accounted for around a quarter of the
nation's output and between 70 and 80 per cent of Australia's exports.

"There was then considerable force in the old saying that the Australian economy
'rode on the sheep's back'.

"Since then, however, agriculture's relative importance within the economy has
been in steady decline."

The study said agriculture's share of employment had more than halved in the
past 40 years, down from 9 per cent of the workforce in the late 1960s.

Over the same period, Australia's reliance on agriculture exports declined from
more than two-thirds of exports to just over one fifth in 2003-04.

However, the commission's study found it was the rapid growth of other sectors
rather than the decline of agriculture that had caused farmers to lose ground.

In absolute terms, the output of farmers had more than doubled over the past
four decades while agriculture exports had tripled in value over the past 30
years.

Productivity Commission head Mike Woods said the relative decline in agriculture
to the economy was of no cause for concern.

"Agriculture output and employment performance is the result of positive factors
such as strong productivity growth in the sector and rising demand for services
as incomes have risen," he said.

"This is consistent with the experiences of high-income economies."

The commission -- the Government's principal advisory body on microeconomic
policy -- said Australia was following a global trend where the size of farms
was increasing but their number was in decline.

Small farms still dominated, but farm numbers had dropped by about 46,000 over
the past 20 years while land used for agriculture fell by 9 per cent.

Large properties, which account for about 10 per cent of farm businesses, now
produce more than 50 per cent of all output while the smallest 50 per cent of
farms account for only 10 per cent.

The commission said off-farm income was increasingly important to families on
the land and over the past 15 years the proportion of producers with a second
income rose from 30 per cent to 45 per cent.

Average earnings from off-farm income had risen from $15,000 to $33,500 a year.

Meanwhile, Trade Minister Mark Vaile said exports reached a record $14.7 billion
in May.

But Opposition trade spokesman Kevin Rudd said Australia had recorded its 43rd
consecutive trade deficit, the worst in the nation's history.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

U.S. Ambassador Emphasizes Private Sector Role in Modernizing Pakistan's
Agriculture markets

SECTION: Vol. 18 No. 94

LENGTH: 296  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson,
Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's
agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government.  These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective.  "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector.  At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease.  Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

U.S. Ambassador Emphasizes Private Sector Role in Modernizing Pakistan's
Agriculture markets

SECTION: Vol. 12 No. 94

LENGTH: 296  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador Richard Olson,
Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's
agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government.  These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective.  "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector.  At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease.  Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2013 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                October 6, 1997

Rice surplus should provide seeds of reform
Agricultural Policies That Created Problem Need To Be Addressed

BYLINE: BY HIROMICHI KANEKO

SECTION: EDITORIAL & COMMENTARY; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 866 words


The rice surplus is posing a serious problem. Total rice inventories of the
government and the private sector are projected to stand at 3.7 million metric
tons at the end of October, according to the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry
and Fisheries. The amount is equivalent to 24.6 million koku, which would have
fed 1 million citizens of Edo - the shogunate capital in the Edo era (1600-1868)
- for 24 years.

Though a good harvest should be a matter for congratulations, an excessively
large crop will cause trouble. Both the government and agricultural cooperatives
are pinched because of ballooning storage costs and the loss from sales of old
rice at discounts. If rice prices plunge due to growing inventories, operation
by farmers will also be aggravated. Organizations of rice growers have already
started asking for help for the stabilization of management of farming families.

However, assistance without changing the current rice price-supporting system
will not lead to a fundamental solution of the issue. The government will end up
helping farmers whenever rice inventories swell excessively. We need to reform
the agricultural administration for rice, taking advantage of the recent rice
surplus.

Cutting acreage

Among the policies that should be reviewed is the reduction of rice acreage. If
there is a glut, rice prices should fall, resulting in a decrease in output.
However, such a price mechanism does not work with rice. The Agriculture
Ministry and bodies of growers call for cuts in acreage to prevent rice prices
from declining, but farmers have not stopped growing rice.

The reluctance of farmers to trim the acreage is mainly attributed to the fact
that the former government food-control system has been preserved at the first
stage of production, even after the Law for Stabilization of Supply-Demand and
Price of Staple Food was enforced in 1995, which was designed to relax
government control ahead of liberalization of rice imports.

The agricultural administration should foster the management sense of farmers
from now on, but that is impossible under the current situation.

As for the tenders for rice, even the price-formation center for rice not
controlled by the government is problematic. It has too many regulations and is
prone to collusion for rigging prices, resulting in prices far beyond the real
market price.

Early this year, rice markets climbed as agricultural cooperatives curbed
shipments under the guidance of the Agriculture Ministry. Induced by the high
prices, out-of-plan rice, equivalent to black-market rice under the former
food-control system, circulated in a large quantity. As a result, voluntarily
marketed rice, which is now the mainstream of rice distribution in Japan but is
not freely marketable and is still under heavy regulations, suffered poor sales.
The market plummeted.

In short, the market rebelled against the dealings that ignored real market
prices, while farmers rose in revolt, marketing huge quantity of out-of-plan
rice against the incomplete reform. A "Big Bang" reform is also urged in the
world of rice.

The question is the course of the reform. The focus may be on a shift from a
policy to maintain income of farmers by high rice prices to an income policy
designed to boost their income. In the European Union nations, the governments
pay a certain amount of compensation when the income of farmers declines due to
price falls. The U.S. also abolished its price-supporting policy, which was a
great strain on its finances, and adopted an income policy under the Federal
Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996.

Japan will also need to shift its income policy. However, the change should be
made on one condition: a review of the current system under which full-time rice
growers and farmers growing rice in their spare time are protected equally.

Land of the farmers who cannot keep going because of the declines in rice prices
should be merged and streamlined to make plots larger. Also, there should be a
difference in the degree of protection between farmers with side jobs and
full-time farmers.

The budget should also be reviewed to secure financial resources of the income
policy by slashing public-works spending, which is criticized as a waste of
money. Also urged is the establishment of a fairer and more unrestricted rice
exchange to set prices, on the basis of which reparations for the decline in
income will be decided.

If public funds are to be used, that should be premised on the restructuring and
structural reform of agriculture.

Yoshimune Tokugawa - the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa shogunate, who was called
a rice shogun and ruled from 1716 to 1745 - was worried about the drop in the
price of rice, in which the samurai were paid. After having thought hard about
the problem, he devised various new policies, including the founding of a rice
exchange in Dojima, Osaka.

If the recent crisis of the rice surplus does not lead to a Big Bang in
agricultural administration, justification for the existence of the Agriculture
Ministry and organizations of rice growers will be found nowhere.

Hiromichi Kaneko is a senior staff writer of The Nihon Keizai Shimbun.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                           September 30, 1996, Monday

FARM INCOME SEEN RISING TO A RECORD $50.8 BILLION

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1

LENGTH: 20 words


US Department of Agriculture expects US net farm income to hit a record $50.8
billion in 1996, up 46% from 1995 (S)

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Dairy takes biggest hit as Scottish farmers' incomes fall in consecutive years
for the first time since 1990s

BYLINE: Douglas MacSkimming

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 429 words


SCOTLAND'S farmers will not be surprised to hear that total income from their
endeavours took a dive during both 2014 and 2015, the first consecutive fall
since the 1990s.

Figures from the Scottish Government's chief statistician published this week
show farmers' incomes fell by nine per cent in 2014 compared to the previous
year, while initial estimates for 2015 suggest a further drop of 15 per cent.

Agriculture was worth £777 million to the Scottish economy in 2014, down from
£837m in 2013, with the value of subsidies, potatoes and barley all seeing big
falls.

Although not all the data is in, total income from farming for 2015 may have
fallen to just £667m, which, once inflation is taken into account, is the second
lowest total in the past decade.

It looks like the dairy sector suffered from the biggest drop in 2015, with the
poultry-meat industry also falling back, now having lost half its value in two
years. The main CAP subsidies were also down, though income from fruit rose
considerably.

Rural affairs secretary Richard Lochhead said: "There can be no doubt that 2015
was a very difficult year for Scottish agriculture. In addition to the impact of
extreme weather, global volatility has continued to take its toll on producers'
incomes - particularly in the dairy sector. These figures highlight the
importance of EU funding to Scottish agriculture. The CAP is expected to inject
more than £4.5 billion into the Scottish economy over this CAP period, and
Scottish dairy producers benefited from EU emergency aid last year.

"Scotland needs a fairer share of funding from a simpler and more streamlined
CAP with food production at its core. But this must be addressed from within the
EU, as it is clearly in the best interests of Scottish farming to stay in
Europe."

Subsidies, including coupled support, amounted to £510m in 2014 and £490m in
2015. The reduction in 2015 was due to direct CAP payments being down 13 per
cent. Subsidies remain an important factor in the profitability of farming,
accounting for 14 per cent of gross income and 74 per cent of total farming
income in 2015.

On a per hectare basis, the highest level of income from farming is in south
west Scotland. This is mainly due to income from milk and beef production. The
North west is the second highest, with beef and cereals being its strength.
Highlands and Islands has the lowest income. Eastern Scotland has the most
balanced distribution of output.

For in-depth news and views on Scottish agriculture, see this Friday's issue of
The Scottish Farmer or visit www.thescottishfarmer.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2016 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Business - Farming incomes decrease

SECTION: Pg. 53

LENGTH: 352 words


Farm incomes in Northern Ireland have been decimated over the last year -
despite the agri-food sector being trumpeted as the jewel in the crown of the
local economy.

Figures yesterday from the Department of Agriculture and Rural Development
(Dard) showed that total income from farming in the north was down by 52.2 per
cent in real terms from £290 million in 2011 to £143m in 2012.

The "horrendous" scale and extent of the collapse in incomes will leave many
farming families questioning whether the food supply chain will ever deliver a
sustainable income again.

According to the statistics, the average farm income is has dropped by 32 per
cent over the last year from £34,184 to £23,237.

Dairy farms are the worst hit, with average incomes more than halving from
£58,124 to £27,462.

"This is one of the worst years for Northern Ireland farm incomes since the turn
of the century," Ulster Farmers' Union president Harry Sinclair said.

"The scale and extent of the collapse in farm incomes in 2012 will leave many
farming families questioning whether the food supply chain will ever deliver a
sustainable income for them. Indeed since the middle of last year we have been
highlighting just how bad the situation is for farmers, with costs increasing,
farmgate prices falling and bad weather compounding an already difficult
situation, and yet retailers and processors have refused to respond to the
developing crisis."

Ulster Unionist agriculture spokesman Jo-Anne Dobson said: "For too long now
farmers have been squeezed from all sides by increasing costs and falling farm
gate prices for their produce, and the situation isn't helped by having a
Department of Agriculture which shows a cavalier indifference to the plight of
the farmer.

"This report should be a wakeup call to Stormont ministers to put their efforts
full square behind farmers."

Farms minister Michelle O'Neill said: "The income estimates merely confirm what
everyone in the farming community already knows - that 2012 was an exceptionally
difficult year for farmers. But the sheer scale of the fall in incomes is both
shocking and deeply concerning."

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

The Future for Farmers is Bright - Positive Outlook Seen for Coming Years

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Ottawa


The Canada Government has issued following press release:

After coming off of a record year, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada is expecting
farm incomes to remain high for Canadian farmers in 2015. The 2015 Canadian
Agricultural Outlook was released today, pointing to a strong future for the
agricultural sector. The report provides an overview of the current situation in
Canadian agriculture and some of the key longer term drivers that will influence
the growth of the sector.

Growing strength in the cattle and hog industry, strong crop sales resulting
from high carry-in grain and oilseed stocks despite softening grain prices, and
relatively stable input costs produced a record farm income in 2014 and will
continue to sustain the agricultural economy in 2015.
Quick facts

Canadian Agricultural Outlook Highlights:

Average net worth per farm is expected to set new records of $2.0 million in
2014 and $2.1 million in 2015.
    Farm-level net operating income in 2014 is forecast to be $78,139, also an
all-time high.
    Aggregate net cash income for 2014 is expected to reach $14.0 billion, 10%
above the 2013 record.
    For 2015, the preliminary forecasts suggest that farm incomes will remain
historically high at $13.0 billion.
    The cattle and hog sectors enjoyed record prices in 2014 due to low North
American supplies, and weakening feed grain prices also contributed to higher
incomes. Although total livestock receipts will not change significantly in
2015, cattle receipts will continue to benefit from tight markets and higher
prices.
    Exceptional market incomes over the past several years have contributed to
lower program payments in 2014 and 2015 compared to previous years.

Quotes

"The future for Canadian agriculture remains positive. Our Government will
continue to work with industry to strengthen agricultural research and
innovation, break down trade barriers, open new markets and enable producers to
improve their incomes, support their families, and grow the Canadian economy."
    - Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz

For any query about this article or other content requirements please contact
emaileditorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Sligo Weekender

                                  May 11, 2010

Farmers claim carbon tax will cut 2% off income

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 294 words


A SLIGO farmers' leader has called on the Government to scrap the carbon tax on
farm diesel, claiming that it will cut average farm incomes by 2%.

Sligo chairman of the Irish Farmers Association Billy Sommerville said: "There
has never been a greater need for a pro-enterprise view in Government as the
economy seeks to return to growth.

"The Green agenda cannot be allowed to hijack the productivity of the
agricultural sector just to shore up support among their dwindling membership."

The Enniscrone man said the IFA had spoken to Government ministers and rural TDs
in recent weeks about the harmful impact the carbon tax would have on
agriculture. He said the latest figures from the Department of Agriculture
showed that the carbon tax would reduce farm incomes by 2%.

"It will escalate costs for the tillage sector and agricultural contractors, who
are struggling to pay the bills as things stand, never mind further increases.

"The tax will cost the Government a lot more than the revenue generated, with
jobs lost and a delay in restoring competitiveness to the economy."

The county IFA chairman said: "Farm incomes last year were at their lowest in a
generation.

"The imposition of this uncompetitive tax on production will hamper the recovery
of the agriculture sector and its return to growth.

"The carbon tax on farm diesel in particular is simply an extra cost on
production for farmers as no alternative fuels are available and farmers cannot
pass on the extra cost to the market. Tillage farmers have endured two very
difficult harvests and cannot absorb this extra levy.

"I am calling on the Government to recognise the damage the introduction of the
carbon tax will do to the productive agriculture sector and the negative effect
it will have on farm incomes."

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                       January 15, 2000, Saturday, FINAL

Provinces leave agriculture subsidy meeting in a huff: Saskatchewan and Manitoba
want more freedom to direct relief money to hard-pressed farmers.

BYLINE: Joan Bryden

SECTION: News; A12

LENGTH: 604 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA -- Manitoba and Saskatchewan stomped out of a meeting of federal and
provincial agriculture ministers Friday, threatening to boycott a new federal
program that would pump an additional $1 billion into disaster relief for
hard-pressed farmers.

Lyle Vanclief, the federal agriculture minister, in turn warned that farmers in
the two provinces won't see a dime of the new federal funds unless their
provincial governments take part in the program and kick in some of their own
money, to the tune of 40 per cent of the federal contribution.

''I have authority from cabinet to negotiate a 60-40 (program), 60 per cent from
the federal government and 40 per cent from the provincial government,''
Vanclief told reporters at the end of the eight-hour meeting. ''And I have no
authority to deal with a province if they're not participating on the 40 per
cent.''

But despite the rhetorical posturing, no farmers are actually likely to be
penalized by the federal-provincial spat.

Rather than participate in the federal program, Saskatchewan's Dwain
Lingenfelter said his province will likely put its 40- per-cent contribution
into direct subsidies to farmers and other provincial farm support programs.
Manitoba's Rosann Wowchuk said her province will have to study the details of
the new program before deciding whether to participate.

A senior Agriculture Canada official later clarified that the two provinces
don't necessarily have to buy into the federal program to get their share of the
new federal money. As long as a province puts its 40 per cent into disaster
relief of some form, Doug Hedley said it's unlikely Ottawa would withhold any of
the new federal funding from the province's farmers.

Lingenfelter and Wowchuk staged their exit from the meeting to protest what they
see as an inadequate federal response to the farm crisis. The two provinces have
demanded $1.3 billion alone in emergency federal farm aid for their grain
farmers, who are facing bankruptcy due to plunging commodity prices and bad
weather.

Instead, Vanclief is offering $500 million a year for each of the next two years
for all struggling farmers across the country. That additional $1 billion is
designed as a successor program to the much-maligned Agricultural Income
Disaster Assistance fund, which expired at the end of last year. The disaster
relief fund will be distributed strictly according to need.

As well, the federal government pumps $600 million annually into other basic
farm-income support programs.

Manitoba and Saskatchewan were further infuriated Friday when Vanclief agreed
with the other eight provinces to change the formula for distributing basic
income support. In future, the money will be allocated strictly according to a
province's share of the national farm income, not taking into account the
neediness of the province's farmers.

Lingenfelter said that means Ontario, where net farm income is actually
increasing, will get about $30 million more while Saskatchewan, where net farm
income has declined by 100 per cent, will get $53 million less and Manitoba will
get $10 million less.

''There's something very, very seriously wrong with a formula that would be
shifting to give more money to those provinces that already have increasing net
farm income and taking it away from those areas that are in the most trouble,''
he said.

In a concession to Manitoba and Saskatchewan, Vanclief and the other ministers
agreed that the change in the formula should not lead to any province getting
less in basic income support than they currently receive.


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP Color Photo: Fred Chartrand, Canadian Press / TILLING THEIR OWN
FIELDS: Saskatchewan Agriculture Minister Dwain Lingenfelter and Manitoba
Agriculture Minister Rosann Wowchuk hold a news conference after walking out of
a federal-provincial meeting chaired by federal Agriculture Minister Lyle
Vanclief in Ottawa on Friday.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 2, 1983 Wednesday

Provincial agriculture ministers   form task force on stabilization

BYLINE: OLIVER BERTIN; GAM

LENGTH: 410 words


By  OLIVER BERTIN
   Provincial agricultural ministers have formed a task force to develop an
 income stabilization plan for Canadian farmers.

The decision was reached after an all-day meeting in Toronto attended
 by representatives of all provinces except Newfoundland, and five national
 commodity associations.

Their action constitutes a strong rebuff to federal Agriculture
 Minister Eugene Whelan, who has refused to discuss the matter until after
 he wins cabinet approval for his long-awaited red meat strategy.

Stabilization and marketing boards are two distinct methods of
 moderating the income cycles so damaging to agriculture. The provincial
 ministers favor one, and Mr. Whelan the other.

Ontario Agriculture Minister Dennis Timbrell said the meeting agreed
 that a federal-provincial-producer task force should develop a national
 plan within broad guidelines and report to the federal-provincial meeting
 of agriculture ministers in Prince Edward Island in July.

The task force will first consider plans for beef, pork and sheep,
 including other commodities later.

The task force will include representatives of the 10 provinces, the
 producer groups for cattle, pork, and sheep, as well as the Canadian
 Federation of Agriculture. The federal Government has been invited to
 attend.

The National Farmers Union withdrew because it did not agree with the
 aims of the task force.

The meeting decided that the program should be national in scope, with
 costs shared equally between the federal and provincial governments and
 producers. All producers would be eligible, unless they are already
 protected by supply-management marketing boards.

The program would support prices below the cost of production, and the
 level would be set by mutual agreement between the governments and
 producers. Supervision would be provided by a national income-
 stabilization body.

The first meeting of the task force will take place in Calgary on March
 14.

Quebec was thought to oppose any national plan. However, Quebec
 Minister of Agriculture Jean Garon said his province is willing to go
 ahead with the task force because it is a flexible framework.

His assistant, Jean-Pierre Gagnon, said Quebec would support the
 national plan as long as it takes into account the varying costs of
 production in different provinces.

Production costs are high in Quebec and the Atlantic Provinces. Quebec
 farmers receive provincial grants, but these are not considered top-
 loading because costs are so high.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 7, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

HEALTHY ECONOMY IS SEEN FOR FARMS

BYLINE: By HAROLD FABER, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 27, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 590 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 5


A healthy farm economy for New York State this year and the rest of the 1990's
was forecast this week by agricultural experts at Cornell University in Ithaca
and the State Department of Agriculture and Markets here.

''Agriculture will be in a strong position in 1990, better than in 1989,
depending on the weather,'' said Richard T. McGuire, the State Commissioner of
Agriculture and Markets.

He said farm production had been cut by two successive years of bad weather, a
drought in 1988 and excesssive rainfall in 1989. If the weather is good in 1990,
Mr. McGuire said, he expected production of almost all crops and farm income to
increase.

'Continued Improvement'

Speaking at a farm outlook conference in Ithaca, Bernard F. Staunton, professor
of agricultural economics at the State College of Agriculture and Life Sciences
at Cornell, said that farmers generally were entering the 1990's facing a much
healthier agricultural economy.

''The debt crisis and inflated land values of the early 1980's are behind us,''
he said. ''Net farm income is up in 1989 compared to 1988 and expectations for
the first half of 1990 are for continued improvement.''

Although official figures are not yet in, he estimated that net farm income in
New York in 1989 rose about 12 percent above 1988, from $571 million to $640
million. New York has about 37,000 farms, according to the latest United States
Census of Agriculture, with a gross farm income of $2.6 billion.

Dairy Farms Are Healthier

The major reason for the optimistic view was an improvement in the financial
picture for New York's dairy farms, the largest economic segment of the state's
agriculture.

New York, which is the third-leading dairy state in the nation behind Wisconsin
and California, has about 13,000 dairy farms, with 800,000 cows. Last year, they
produced about 11.25 billion pounds of milk, down 1.5 percent from the year
before, which they sold for about $1.5 billion.

Milk production dropped, dairy experts said, because of poor forage caused by
bad weather, a consequent drop in production per cow and a decrease in the
number of cows.

With production decreasing in other states, too, a national shortage of milk
followed, producing a sharp price rise.

Farm milk prices rose to a record level in 1989 and are expected to remain high
in early 1990, the Cornell dairy experts said. In November, farmers in southern
New York and northern New Jersey received $15.28 for each 100 pounds of milk
(about 45 quarts) that they produced.

As a result, the retail milk price increased. In the New York metropolitan area
the price of a gallon of milk rose to an all-time high of $2.53 in December, an
increase of 20 cents since August.

More Milk Is Expected

The rise in prices, both at the farm and at retail, should end sometime early
this year because of an anticipated increased supply of milk, the milk experts
said.

''For 1990, a recovery in milk production is expected by everyone, but there is
disagreement about when it will start and how big it will be,'' the Cornell farm
economists said.

They estimated that production might rise by 1.5 percent, because of some
increase in cow numbers and gains in production per cow, assuming a more normal
growing season and a better supply of feed for the cows.

Mr. McGuire and the Cornell experts also agreed that 1990 would be a good year,
weather permitting, for the state's apple and vegetable growers, for egg
producers and for nursery operators growing bedding plants, potted plants and
flowers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 732  words


Michael Pollan in the vegetable patch. Photo: New York Times FromPage3 Americans
spend about 7 per cent of their income on food.

By contrast, China spends 33per cent of its income on food, France, 13.5 per
cent, and Japan, 14.2 per cent.

Americans seem to have this incapacity to spend more on food. How do you begin
to change that?

I think it's an enormous challenge, because right now cheap food is baked into
our economy and our society. It wasn't always this cheap.

When I was a kid, it was 18 per cent of our income went to food, twice what it
is now, at least. But we, beginning really with the Nixon administration,
figured out ways to drive down the cost. This was a matter of agriculture policy
and technological breakthroughs.

Earl Butz [Nixon and Ford- era agriculture secretary, who encouraged big
agriculture].Earl Butz, exactly. And coming up with a system that promoted
overproduction on the farms, and then that led to all this innovation in
processing.

How do you take all that cheap corn and soy and turn it into food? Or feedlots:
figuring out how to put animals in these highly concentrated operations and the
use of pharmaceuticals that allow that to happen.

So that has been the focus of our food system since the '70s: driving down the
cost of food.

We've gotten really good at it, but it turns out ... that cheap food has
enormous costs.

In the same period of time that we went from spending 18per cent of our income
on food to under 9 per cent of our income on food, we've gone from spending 5
per cent of our national income on health care to 17 per cent of our income on
health care. So we're paying for that cheap food with our higher health care
costs. It's not the whole story, obviously. There are other reasons that health
care costs have gone up, but we could trade off spending more money for
higher-quality food and save enormously on health- care costs. But there are no
two entities putting those two things together. The Government doesn't put it
together. They have agriculture policies that breed a health-care crisis that
they have to pay for with Medicaid and Medicare. The Government operates at
cross purposes. The whole society operates at cross purposes.

So how do you put that horse back in the barn?

I don't know the answer. I really don't know the answer. I mean, it's not enough
to say we all should pay the true costs of food. We have to give people enough
money to pay the true costs of food. It's a bigger problem than the food
movement alone can solve. It's a social problem.

One of the reasons that Americans tolerated the decline in income from the '70s
to today, in real income ... is that food was getting cheaper. People would not
have tolerated that if food were getting more expensive or staying the same.

So our ingenuity in driving down the costs of food, in the end, has subsidised
the decline in wages. So we're going to have to deal with the wage side, too, if
you're going to make food more expensive. I mean, there are other things you can
do. The Government can shift the emphasis of its agricultural policies to make
produce more affordable and soda less affordable.

Right? Because we're subsidising soda right now. We have to align agricultural
policy with health policy. That's the challenge, in a nutshell.

As you have mentioned, just cutting the ag subsidies to corn and soy is?

It's not going to solve the problem.

Because a lot of these crops can't be subsidised. They're not durable. They
don't have the shelf life.

Right. You can't subsidise broccoli. A silo full of broccoli would be a compost
pile.

A lot of people think, just cut the subsidies and subsidise something else.

It sounds right, you know; we should subsidise what we want to see more of. But
the reason we got into subsidising commodity crops is that they're storable
commodities. That's the definition. So if you end up with an oversupply of corn,
you can put it in a silo for five years, no problem.

If you want to encourage consumption and production of produce, you need to work
on the demand side. I think that's pretty well understood. You have to figure
out a way - incentives for produce sections and supermarkets - to get the prices
down. Vouchers to food stamp recipients expressly designed to buy produce, which
would be very controversial.

Food-stamps advocates don't believe there should be any restrictions on what you
can buy with food stamps.

Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FW


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

State government soon to finalize strategy for farmer's double income

LENGTH: 201  words

DATELINE: Lucknow


Lucknow, Aug. 29 -- In an attempt to finalize its strategy to double income of
farmers from their farmland state government has identified five departments
which would help in achieving that target.

The identified departments are: Agriculture, Horticulture, Animal husbandry,
fisheries and Sericulture.

Agriculture Production Commissioner (APC) Alok Ranjan said that identified
departments have been asked to formalise a common strategy and start working
after identifying villagers in select blocks in each district.

The base year in this strategy would be 2009-10 with Rs 25,375 as evaluated
income of farmer from agriculture produce. This income is expected to rise in
next three fiscal years 2010-11, 2011-12 and 2012-13 at Rs 30,294, Rs 38,805 and
Rs 43,564 respectively.

"There is a clear-cut strategy and the officials of the identified departments
have been asked to work in tandem. In case of any problem district magistrates
and Commissioners have been asked to get in touch with the officials," the APC
said. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      July 21, 1999, Wednesday, Edition 1

FARM INCOME PREDICTED TO PLUNGE

BYLINE: Sandra Cordon

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 464 words



as worst hit


CANADIAN PRESS

OTTAWA - You don't have to tell Bob Thomas that farm incomes are plunging this
year - he lives with it every day.

Most of Thomas's farm near Milestone, Sask., has been under water.

Floods and a decade of low grain prices have forced many of his neighbours to
find jobs off the farm.

And it could eventually drive them right off the land, he says.

''We are in a crisis.''

Nationally, net farm income will be cut by almost half this year, dropping to
$1.78 billion from an average of $3.33 billion a year from 1994 to 1998,
according to Agriculture Canada projections released yesterday.

''We are going to see a crash in our economies . . . Everyone's going into
survival mode,'' warned Thomas, who was able to seed only 25 per cent of his
land this year.

''On the Prairies, we're just forgotten.''

Worst hit will be flood-plagued Saskatchewan and Manitoba, where farmers will
likely end this farm year deeply in the hole.

The two provinces have taken several hits: the wrath of Mother Nature, coupled
with plunging prices for grain and oilseed crops while prices go up for
fertilizers, pesticides and other expenses.

''It's all had a devastating impact,'' said Eric Upshall, Saskatchewan's
agriculture minister.

On Monday, Ottawa and Saskatchewan announced flood relief of $50 per unseeded
acre for waterlogged farmers in that province. A similar deal is being
negotiated with Manitoba.

Still, Saskatchewan farmers are projected to lose $89 million this year,
compared with an average net income of $760 million a year the previous four
years.

In Manitoba, producers will be hit even harder, with incomes likely down $100
million in 1999, compared with an earlier average annual income of $335 million.

Total net income that averaged $498 million a year in Ontario over the past four
years will drop to a projected $302 million in 1999.

Quebec farmers may not be hit quite as hard, falling to $738 million from $764
million.

Alberta farmers will see their net income drop to $545 million this year from an
average $729 million a year between 1994 and 1998.

Net cash income looks more positive, falling nationally to $5.85 billion this
year from an average $6.2 billion. But that clouds the true position of farms
since it doesn't include dropping inventories and depreciation.

That was a factor in falling net farm incomes in Ontario and Quebec, says
Agriculture Canada, which consulted the provinces before making projections.

Livestock inventories have been dropping dramatically in central Canada as the
industry is now at the bottom of its economic cycle, officials say. Higher
livestock expenses mean that area is likely to under-perform grains by 2001,
they add.



LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Pakistan: U.S. Ambassador Emphasizes Private Sector Role in Modernizing
Pakistan's Agriculture markets

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: Lahore


Lahore, April 9 -- At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, U.S. Ambassador
Richard Olson, Thursday, emphasized the private sector's crucial role in
expanding Pakistan's agricultural markets.

He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector - a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of
the 1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the
last three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government. These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. "The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises."

Since 2009, the U.S. government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector. At
the Expo, the U.S. Agency for International Development, the U.S. Foreign
Commercial Service, and the U.S. Department of Agriculture highlighted many of
these agricultural initiatives.

Through other U.S.-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sindh have
received training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                             March 18, 2011 Friday

Business community rejects Presidential Ordinances

BYLINE:  N H ZUBERI

SECTION: Vol. XLVII No. 76

LENGTH: 683  words


Business community termed that the government has imposed a 120-billion-rupee
'mini-budget' through presidential ordinances, envisaging 53 billion rupees of
additional taxes on income, imports, agriculture and domestic sales of
export-oriented items and demanded its withdrawal.

They said that these measures would bring a flood of price hike of all the
products in the country including agriculture and industrial. Further, it would
burden already suffering general public and increase miseries of low-income
group. They noted that through mini budget government imposed 15 per cent flood
surcharge, increased special excise duty by 1.5 per cent, withdrew the sales tax
exemptions on fertilisers, pesticides and tractors and facility of zero-rating
on plant, machinery and equipment including parts thereof was also withdrawn.

They said that the government seems to be unable to visualise the grave economic
condition of general public and any increase in taxes will aggravate the
situation adversely They said that the decision would be the last nail in the
coffin for many Pakistani businesses, especially small and export-oriented
companies

An emergent meeting of the Executive Committee of Site Association of Industry
(SAI) was held on Thursday, under the Chairmanship of Abdul Wahab Lakhani
unanimously endorsed the demand of the Council of All Pakistan Textile
Associations (CAPTA) for immediate withdrawal of SRO 231 (I) 2011 and restore
status quo of the original SRO 509 (I) /2007 of June 9, 2007 allowing zero rated
status to five export oriented sectors.

Lakhani told the meeting that the amendments made to the SRO 509 (I) under the
new SRO 231 (I) were bound to create a lot of confusion and chaos due to its
ambiguity and the unscrupulous elements were bound to take disadvantage of this
for their own benefit.

He recalled that before the SRO 509 (I) was introduced these very elements
manipulated the refunds system and deprived the Government of billions of rupees
by taking illegitimate refunds. Statistics proved that in fact the Government
did not retain any revenue collected in the name of Sales tax, which was paid
out for bogus refunds.

He also stressed that the present amendments were again bound to open the
floodgates of corruption and prove a boon for black sheep both in business and
government side. The meeting, thereafter unanimously decided to urge the
Government not to create any chaos for the Industry as well for itself and to
urgently withdraw SRO231 (I) of 2011

Chairman Korangi Association of Trade and Industry (KATI), Syed Johar Ali
Qandhari said that imposition of sales tax on agriculture produce would directly
hit prices of agriculture produce, which will move upward increasing miseries of
general public. He said that the business community was pleading taxing
agriculture sector by imposing tax on agriculture income and not sale tax in
agriculture sector.

He also criticised imposition of 4 percent withholding tax on import of pulses,
which will have drastic impact on its prices. However, about one time flood
surcharge on income tax, he said that the business community might take it as
one more contribution towards relief work for flood hit peoples.

He said that overall picture of taxation measures is not very clear yet. It may
be clear after issuance of SROs in coming days. Disapproving imposition of new
taxes through mini budget, President Site Superhighway Association of Industry
(SSAI), Raja Mohammad Ilyas said that India is said to be the biggest enemy of
Pakistan and added that the country need no enemy as we our self are biggest
enemy.

He noted that whenever taxes increase in the country its export register decline
as its products are already uncompetitive in international market. In Pakistan
industrial production cost is much higher than other countries of the world. He
said that the business community is not against taxes but it is against
squeezing only one sector. Income of big landholders must be taxed, he pleaded.
He said that income generated by agriculture sector is much higher than the
income from industrial sector.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 25, 1995, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Cut Aid to Dependent Corporations

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 416 words



What follows is a story of one federal welfare program gone awry.

California raisin growers, noting that consumption of their product was nil in
Japan, prevailed upon the U.S. Department of Agriculture to underwrite a $ 3
million introductory campaign there featuring the animated raisins who proved so
popular in the U.S.A.

A sure thing, right? Wrong. The marketing effort bombed. The lyrics to the theme
song, "Heard It Through the Grapevine," didn't make sense to their new audience.
Worse, Japanese tykes were actually spooked by the dancing raisins, not because
of their antics but because they had only three fingers on each hand. (In Japan,
missing fingers signify bad luck.) How, you may ask, was this fiasco a "welfare
program"?

It's corporate welfare, only a tiny slice of the $ 200 billion pie the U.S.
government serves up annually in the form of subsidies and tax write-offs to
industry, agribusiness, trade groups and so forth. And oddly, for all the GOP
"Contract With America's" condemnations of welfare to the poor and vulnerable,
there's not a line in that document about this federal partiality to the
better-off.

This week, a group of House Democrats appealed to Speaker Newt Gingrich to
redress this imbalance. As Rep. Bart Stupak (D-Mich.) put it, "We ought to end
Aid to Dependent Corporations."

Goodness knows, there's plenty of recent guidance available for those willing to
take on the assignment. Earlier this month, think tanks of the right, left and
center jointly targeted billions of dollars' worth of corporate pork for drastic
trimming.

Over the years, both parties have been generous in handing out subsidies and tax
breaks to business. Members of Congress may find it hard to break old habits and
thus rile influential supporters. They may need the same kind of protective
armor for this task as the Military Base Closing Commission gives them for the
politically risky job of weeding out defense installations.

Cutting corporate welfare isn't just a matter of equity and of saving taxpayers'
money, though those are two excellent reasons to do it. Speaker Gingrich also
ought to consider an argument he frequently makes himself - that government
assistance can hurt those it's intended to help.

It certainly didn't do the raisin growers much good. Chances are, had they been
spending their own money for a market penetration strategy, they would have
taken care to develop a commercial the Japanese would not run screaming from.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

Kentucky farm income bucks trend: Buyout helps state's farmers see increase in
earnings

BYLINE: James Mayse, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Sep. 6--The tobacco quota buyout and other "government" payments pumped $800
million into Kentucky's farm economy in 2005, making up almost half of the
state's net farm income.

"Cash receipts were around $4 billion, but the net farm income was around $2
billion, and $800 million was from government payments," said Will Snell, an
agricultural economist at the University of Kentucky.

The buyout helped make Kentucky farmers winners. According to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service, the state's farm income
increased by at least 20 percent in 2005 compared to 2004.

Kentucky bucked the national trend. The Agriculture Department reports American
farmers earned $73.8 billion in farm income last year, a 13.7 percent decrease
from the $85.5 billion they earned in 2004. Kentucky was one of 11 states where
farm incomes increased by 20 percent or more.

Calling the buyout a "government payment," however, is a little misleading.
Although the buyout plan was approved by Congress in 2004, the money paid to
farmers does not come directly from the government. Instead, tobacco companies
are funding the buyout, which compensates growers and quota owners for the loss
of their quotas and federal price supports.

The buyout wasn't the only thing that pumped up Kentucky farm incomes. More
direct farm subsidy programs also played a role. For example, corn farmers last
year received large government loan deficiency payments for their crops. The
payments are made to farmers when the market price for corn drops below a set
county rate.

"Corn LDPs were really high last year," said Suzy Martin, a farm management
specialist with the Daviess County Cooperative Extension Office. Last year, corn
prices dropped in September and October after Hurricane Katrina stopped barge
traffic down the Mississippi River to New Orleans.

Farmers produced a larger than expected crop in 2005, which meant they had that
much more to sell or store away until the price rose. Livestock farmers also
benefited from high demand for beef.

This year, farmers are certain of a bumper corn crop and are expecting a good
soybean crop as well. Although demand for corn will be high for a variety of
well-publicized reasons -- such as increased ethanol production and demand for
U.S. corn from China -- farm incomes will be crimped by the high cost of putting
out this year's crops.

"It was a considerable increase in costs, especially (for) fuel, and it's going
to eat into the revenue (farmers are) generating," Martin said. " ... I'm not
sure we'll be better than last year."

Greg Comer, Ohio County's extension agent for agriculture, said some are
predicting fuel and fertilizer prices will be lower by planting season 2007.
Fuel is used to make nitrogen, a common corn fertilizer.

"Nitrogen ought to be down some next year" if fuel prices decline as predicted,
Comer said. The 2006 marketing season could be very good for farmers "if the
yields are reasonably good," Comer said.

"Cattle prices are still strong. I expect farm incomes to be even stronger this
year," he said.

Copyright (c) 2006, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060906-OW-0906-Kentucky-farm-income-bucks-trend

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2006 Messenger-Inquirer


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Pakistan Observer

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

New agriculture tax net

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XXIV No. 123

LENGTH: 292  words


THE Chiefs of all Chambers of Commerce and Industry have called for levying tax
on agriculture income to broaden the tax net and construction of water
reservoirs on top priority to meet the ever-increasing energy needs of the
country.

We are of the firm opinion that the demand of the Chambers deserves serious
consideration by the government. Agriculture sector has long remained out of the
tax net under different pretexts. In their opposition to pay any tax, farmers
lobby, which is very strong in the Parliament, argues that inputs prices have
gone high but one is surprised over the huge income they get from orchards,
dairy farming, cotton, wheat sugarcane and other crops. Agriculture is a major
component of the country's economy and the annual income that goes to farmers is
in trillions of rupees and it is surprising that it is without tax while on the
other hand they exercise influence and get huge subsidy on electricity for tube
wells.

It was encouraging to hear from Chairman FBR Ali Arshad Hakeem that the
department plans to bring another five million businessmen into the tax net but
it is also necessary to create a new agriculture tax net. In order to avoid tax
evasion by the big landlords, tax should be deducted at source while procurement
is made for wheat, sugarcane and cotton and a foolproof system could be drawn
for owners of orchards and dairy farms. It is an admitted fact that majority of
people, who have taxable income are indulging in tax evasion by applying
different tactics and they need to be identified and forced to pay due taxes.
Now that the budgetary proposals are under consideration, let there be a firm
decision that agriculture is taxed and tax evaders will be punished instead of
giving them a free hand.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 Hurmat Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Farm incomes expected to remain healthy this year

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 466 words


Farm incomes are predicted to drop slightly this year, while remaining at
historically high levels.

In its annual income forecast issued Wednesday, Agriculture Canada said
aggregate net cash income will slip five per cent this year to $12.6 billion,
but will still be 23 per cent above the average for the period of 2008-2012.

It says farm-level average net operating income will similarly decline by five
per cent to $65,243.

Crop receipts are forecast to total $29.1 billion in 2014, three per cent below
the projection for 2013, but 17 per cent higher than the 2008-2012 average.

"It is expected that there will be higher grain and oilseed marketings, but
lower prices," the report said. "Increased marketings will result from large
carry-in stocks that farmers held following the record harvest of 2013."

Western farmers have been complaining about a rail transport backlog that's
slowing the movement of grain.

Grain farmers produced a record crop of 96.5 million tonnes of grain in 2013 due
to historically high yields and ideal weather conditions.

Aggregate farm cash receipts for livestock are forecast at $21.5 billion in
2014, just below the record level of 2013.

"Relatively low supplies of cattle in North America and expectations of
increased heifer retention should translate into fewer animals available for
slaughter and higher cattle prices in 2014," the report said.

Hog prices in Canada should increase slightly due to tight U.S. supplies. There
may also be ripples from the porcine epidemic diarrhea virus that hit the U.S.
last year and which has been found in Canada recently.

Agriculture officials say they are watching the virus, but they add that
Canadian producers generally have strong safeguards in place to keep the disease
out of their barns.

Egg producers and chicken farmers are expected to see declines of nine per cent
and eight per cent respectively, due to lower prices resulting from lower feed
costs.

In 2014, program payments are forecast to rise by eight per cent, or $199
million, to a total of $2.8 billion.

"These latest forecasts show how the agriculture sector continues to be a strong
driver of the Canadian economy," said Agriculture Minister Gerry Ritz.

"Canada's agriculture and food industry has grown into a modern,
technologically-advanced, export-oriented sector that is among the elite
performers in today's highly competitive global marketplace, and the outlook is
bright for our farmers."

For 2013, the department expects net farm incomes will be just shy of the
historical peak seen in 2012, despite a reduction in program payments and a
decline in crop prices in the fall.

Net cash income for 2013 is projected to total $13.2 billion, only one per cent
lower than in 2012. Farm-level average net operating income is forecast to be
$68,498, an all-time high.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             October 7, 2013 Monday

IFA wants trend of cuts to schemes reversed

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 491 words


IFA wants to see a reversal of the trend in recent budgets of cuts to farm
schemes. The focus for Agriculture Minister Simon Coveney must be on new
investment for the sector. Our clear message is that every euro spent is good
value for money and a major stimulus to jobs, exports and the economy.

Despite a difficult economic environment in our main export markets, there has
been an increase in food exports of 8% during the first half of 2013. The
minister must hammer home this message around the Cabinet table. Underpinning
this growth is a primary agriculture sector that is delivering a high quality,
sustainable raw material to the food sector.

Agriculture contributes to economic activity in every part of Ireland and is of
particular importance in the rural economy. However, farming remains a low-
income sector and the importance of farm schemes to farm income and production
must not be forgotten.

A combination of dreadful weather conditions, which continued into spring 2013,
soaring input costs and the resulting fodder crisis impacted heavily on
profitability and output.

In addition, the impact on farm incomes from excessive budget cuts and cuts to
farm schemes is challenging the viability of thousands of low-income family
farms.

Farmers at local level through the IFA county executive and branch structure
have been driving home to TDs the importance of maintaining farm production for
the rural economy.

IFA analysis of the Government's figures shows the dis-proportionate impact on
the agriculture sector of successive budgets. Since 2008, the total Agriculture
spend has been reduced by 41.2%, compared to a reduction of 12.6% for total
spending across all Government departments. In fact, we are now back at 2003
levels. Rising input costs are a constant threat to viability, and we will
continue to push for greater competitiveness. The burden of taxation on farm
families has, in common with other sectors, increased significantly. Marginal
rates of tax are now at a very high level, and lower income farmers have been
negatively affected through the introduction of the USC and a reduction in tax
credits.

In addition, increases in the rates of capital taxes and reductions in tax-free
thresholds have added to the costs of investment and asset transfer. IFA
believes that, to encourage investment and enterprise, and to support overall
economic recovery, there cannot be any further increases in personal income or
capital taxes.

IFA fully supports the objective of maximising the contribution of the agri-food
sector to the Irish economy and acknowledges Government action in recent years
to maintain taxation measures to support restructuring, farm investment and land
mobility.

In parallel with a strong CAP and funding for farm schemes, the retention of key
taxation measures and introduction of new measures will be critical to continue
the ongoing development and growth of the sector.

* John Bryan is president of the IFA

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Guardian (Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island)

                               May 2, 2005 Monday

Consultations complete on agriculture incomes

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 471  words


A nationwide consultation on how agricultural producers might achieve long-term
sustainable incomes and derive more benefits from the marketplace has been
completed.

Wayne Easter, parliamentary secretary to the federal Agriculture minister,
undertook the consultations in January and February of this year and has just
completed three followup sessions to develop priorities for action. The MP will
be submitting a report to federal, provincial and territorial ministers of
agriculture during their annual conference in July.

Farm incomes have been in constant decline over a long period of time, despite
gains in efficiency by producers and healthy export markets.

Stated in 2003 dollars, Canadian farm income in 1975 was $3.3 billion (excluding
government payments) on a debt load of $7.7 billion.

In 2003, income from the market was negative by $2.3 billion on a debt load of
$47.7 billion. And the financial outlook for many producers continues to
deteriorate. Over the past two years, governments have provided record-high
support payments to producers.

The aim of the cross-country consultations was to better understand the problems
of declining farm income, identify what needs to be done to increase returns
from the marketplace and develop common solutions.

The main causes of farm income problems, identified during the consultations
with some 450 producers and farm organizations, were increased input costs,
including taxes and fees; rising costs of regulations that cannot be passed
along the value chain; transportation and other infrastructure issues; processor
and retailer concentration and consolidation; competition from foreign markets
not subject to regulations as stringent as Canada's; trade and monetary issues
and low consumer awareness.

If the causes of declining farm incomes are relatively apparent, the solutions
are not.

Among the proposed solutions identified by Easter's summary report were a range
of measures to reduce input costs; lessening the impact of regulations; changes
to infrastructure and transportation systems; increasing the market power of
producers; aggressive approaches to WTO negotiations; protection of supply
management and national and international marketing.

There was consensus on at least one point: everyone across the supply chain -
processors, distributors, marketers and retailers - is making money with the
exception of farmers.

Easter's report to agriculture ministers in July will be much anticipated.

Producers are acutely aware they cannot hold on for another 20 years.

For a copy of the final report in farm income consultations, log onto
www.agr.gc.ca/index_e.phtml and click on, Improving Profitability of Canadian
Farmers.

This article was prepared by the Department of Agriculture, Fisheries and
Aquaculture. For comments and suggestions, e-mail wemackinnon@gov.pe.ca.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Guardian, a division of Hollinger Canadian Newspapers, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           November 12, 2013 Tuesday

Call to levy income tax on agriculture

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: LAHORE


FARMERS Association of Pakistan (FAP) has urged the government to levy income
tax on agriculture and livestock as per the income tax ordinance 2001.



Addressing a Press conference here on Monday, the FAP President Tariq Bucha,
along with other leaders, including Afaq Tiwana and Hamid Malhi demanded equal
rights for both agriculture and livestock sectors, which other sectors enjoy
currently under tax regime. We invite government to impose tax on agriculture
and livestock sectors, rural dwellers should be given similar rights as of urban
areas, said Bucha. The major chunk of farmers comprising 90 percent of the total
is already paying 19 percent GST on agriculture inputs, they purchased as they
all are unregistered, and no other industry is paying this tax on inputs. All
inputs of agriculture sector, including seeds, diesel, pesticides, electricity
and fertilizer are already taxed so the perception that we are not contributing
in tax network is wrong.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday

Agriculture spending cuts must be directed away from smaller farmers

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 320 words


IOFGA said it believes the growing economic consequences of climate change, peak
oil and environmental regulation will make both smaller holdings and organic
farming more and more viable in the future.

"Government policy should aim to work with these broader global trends to ensure
a vibrant rural economy in the coming years.

"In this respect, cutbacks to environmental schemes like REPS and to supports
for the organic sector seem particularly unwise."

IOFGA said the potential role of agriculture in the economy should be taken into
account in assessing how much of the burden of cutbacks the sector should bear.

Agriculture can play an important role in rebalancing the economy away from an
excessive dependence on multinational investment and the property sector.

It said the current proposals in the McCarthy report for a reduction in the
Rural Environment Protection Scheme (REPS) and the Disadvantaged Area Scheme
will result in a serious loss of income for many smaller farmers with low
incomes.

"If savings are required from the sector they could perhaps be achieved by
capping the amount that any individual farmer can receive under the single farm
payment at say  50,000 and redistributing the money saved to support the current
REPS scheme," it said.

IOFGA chairwoman Kate Carmody said the current economic crisis provides a real
opportunity to develop a new vision for agriculture in Ireland.

"We must rebalance our economy in a more sustainable way and agriculture can
play a key role in particular by focusing on areas of growing consumer demand
such as organics," she said.

Ms Carmody warned the current plan to cut REPS will result in a serious loss of
income for many smaller farmers with low incomes.

IOFGA represents about 1,000 farmers, growers and processors. It certifies the
organic provenance of its members' produce. Its symbol indicates that a product
has met the highest standard or organic integrity.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 4, 1990 Wednesday

Farmers' income prospects improve

BYLINE: GEOFFREY YORK; GAM

LENGTH: 619 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


BY GEOFFREY YORK
The Globe and Mail
  WINNIPEG
 There was good news for Canadian farmers in the latest Agriculture Canada
projections for 1990, but the improved prospects will do little to lift
the spirits of thousands of long-suffering Prairie grain producers.

The new outlook for 1990, released yesterday, predicts that the net
realized income of Canadian farmers will be $2.77-billion this year.

The national income projection is 33 per cent less than the net income
levels of last year, but that is still about $140-million higher than was
forecast in December.

Moreover, it does not take into account the latest announcement of
federal aid for farmers. The new assistance program could provide as much
as $1-billion in subsidies if the provinces agree to contribute half of
the money.

Even without the latest subsidies, net farm income in Saskatchewan is
now projected to be $116-million this year - a significant improvement
from the December forecast, which predicted a negative net income.

If the provinces agreed to provide their half of the $1-billion
subsidy, the net income of Canada's grain farmers would be boosted close
to the average of the past five years, said Wayne Jones, an Agriculture
Canada economist.

"There is a very slow recovery going on," Mr. Jones told a news
conference yesterday.

He cited a gradual decline in farm debt in recent years, an improvement
in soil moisture conditions, and a stabilization of farm incomes.

Arrears on farm loans have declined by one-third in the past year, from
about $1.2-billion to about $800-million, Mr. Jones said.

However, the bleak mood of most Prairie farmers is unlikely to lift in
the near future. The amount of the latest subsidy payment is uncertain
because the provinces are debating how much to contribute. And without the
subsidy money, farm incomes will be severely damaged this year.

If the subsidy cheques are not mailed out, Agriculture Canada predicts
that the net income of farmers in 1990 will decline steeply in the three
Prairie provinces, which are the worst off. It would drop 87 per cent in
Saskatchewan, 57 per cent in Manitoba and 46 per cent in Alberta. Those
figures are only slightly better than the declines that were forecast by
Agriculture Canada in December.

Grain receipts are projected to be about $250-million higher than the
amount forecast in December.

Wheat production across Canada is projected to rise by 8 per cent this
year and exports will rise by 14 per cent, if weather conditions are
normal. There was a substantial amout of snow and rain across the Prairies
in the first half of March, improving soil conditions and easing fears of
a drought.

Wheat prices are expected to be pushed downward because of rising world
production, but the situation is so volatile that prices could rebound at
any time, Agriculture Canada says.

Hubert Esquirol, the Saskatchewan vice-president of the Western
Canadian Wheat Growers Association, said the federal subsidy will not
provide much help in his province.

The Saskatchewan government cannot afford to contribute as much as
Ottawa is seeking, so the amount paid to Saskatchewan farmers will be
perhaps only half as much as the amount potentially available, Mr.
Esquirol said.

Despite the improved soil conditions, the situation in Saskatchewan is
still gloomy, he said. Farm bankruptcies have increased, debt levels are
high, and the amount of Saskatchewan farmland affected by grasshoppers is
expected to double to about eight million hectares this year, Mr. Esquirol
said.

"Things are tougher than ever. There's a lot of people hurting and a
lot of people giving up."

A survey of one rural area in northwestern Saskatchewan found that 29
of the 61 farmers there expect to abandon their farms within the next 10
years, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1990 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

The more money Imran makes, the fewer taxes he pays

LENGTH: 663  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The more money he makes, the less tax he pays and meanwhile keeps the cash away
from bank. This is not a story of a typical rich Pakistani but of
Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan.



If the last four years are any guide, the PTI chief paid the highest tax in 2010
on an income that was the lowest when compared to the following three years.
While he registered a handsome increase in earnings from 2011-13, it was
accompanied with an 80 percent decrease in tax as the business income used to be
declared earlier was largely replaced with agriculture and services (outside
Pakistan) income.

Another major shift has been noted in terms of his changing priorities with
regard to the parking of cash. In the beginning, he would keep it at bank and
gradually started keeping it away from the bank.

Imran had the maximum cash (Rs6.2 million) in bank account by 2010 when he paid
the highest amount of tax i.e. Rs1.8 million over an income of Rs10.6 million.
This contrasted with the minimum bank balance of Rs362,069 in 2011 when he
registered the earning of Rs23.50 million, the highest in four years. It
accompanied by a drastic cut in his tax as he paid Rs322,110 that year.

In yet another instance, a major difference in tax amount was noted despite the
fact that there was a minor variation in the annual income of two separate
years. Apparently, there is 17.34 percent difference in the income that Imran
reported in 2010 and 2013 but intriguingly a variation of 83.50 percent in the
tax amount has been recorded in the corresponding years.

Imran paid Rs1.85 million tax over the declared income of Rs10.63 million in
2010 whereas his tax drastically reduced (Rs194,936) over relatively bigger
income (Rs12.32 million) in 2013, according to a detailed analysis carried out
by Agha Samiullah, a tax consultant.

How did this major cut in his tax amount occur? Imran had declared a sum of
Rs8.2 million as income generated through business in 2010 financial year that
caused him heavy taxation. The following year, business income was reduced to
Rs546,620 whereas agriculture income and foreign remittances registered an
increase. Business income' has disappeared as there is no mention of it in tax
returns of 2012 and 2013.

Imran paid the highest tax in 2010 of Rs1.85 million over an income of Rs10.63
million generated through business, profit on debt, agriculture, services
(outside Pakistan) and property rent. By the close of that financial year, he
had almost equal amount of cash in hand (Rs6.8 million) and at bank (Rs6.2
million).

The year 2011 noticed the highest earning with Rs23.5 million that was 54
percent more than the previous year. However, tax deduction was 83 percent less
than 2010 as he paid only Rs322,110. The types of earnings mentioned noticed a
negligible amount of business income (Rs546,620) and a major increase in
agriculture income (from Rs750,000 in 2010 to Rs2.3 million in 2011). Foreign
remittances (charges of the services he offers outside Pakistan) jumped from
Rs1.1 million in 2010 to Rs19.7 million in 2011. Property rent was also doubled
during that financial year. This huge outflow of income notwithstanding, money
in bank at the close of financial year was Rs576,000 that contrasted with Rs1.1
million cash in hand.

In 2012, Imran declared income was Rs16.1 million and tax paid on it was
Rs273,339. Significant change during this year was the absence of any business
income. Profit on debt, agriculture, services (outside Pakistan) and property
rent was declared as source of income. Another noticeable development was an
increase of cash in hand that was Rs12.1 million whereas cash at bank was
Rs2.1million.

He declared Rs12.3 million income in 2013 and paid only Rs194,936 tax over it.
Most of the income declared was from agriculture and services (outside
Pakistan). This year saw the declaration of the highest amount of cash in hand
(Rs13.61 million) whereas Rs381,765 was in bank at the closing of that financial
year.


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                  West Edition

Ottawa gives farmers another $1B: A 'band-aid,' critics say

BYLINE: Joe Paraskevas, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA - The federal government's latest farm aid package might convince some
producers to remain on the land for one more season, but the future of Canadian
agriculture is just as uncertain as it was before yesterday's announcement of
nearly $1-billion in support, opposition politicians and industry observers
said.

While Agriculture Minister Andy Mitchell barnstormed across three provinces to
outline how Ottawa will "begin delivering the money in April," his political
rivals, critical of the government's promptness in delivering aid in the past,
expressed their doubts.

Moreover, they were quick to add that the latest federal assistance ignored
questions about the long-term sustainability of agriculture in this country -- a
point Mr. Mitchell acknowledged.

"We've always treated agricultural problems as [issues that require] quick
band-aids," said Charlie Angus, the New Democratic Party's agriculture critic.
"We allow debt to accumulate, a crisis to happen, and then some money's thrown
at it."

Under the Farm Income Payment Program, Ottawa will make $841.5-million available
to eligible farmers.

More than half of the money is aimed at grains and oilseeds producers, while
about 18% of the funds are committed to people who raise cattle and other
ruminants.

Cattle producers will also receive $155-million in payments based on their
inventory on Dec. 23, 2003, when a case of mad cow disease was announced in the
United States and later traced to Canada.

The almost two-year battle to reopen trade markets since the first mad cow case
was found in Alberta in May, 2003, was one of several factors that led to
Ottawa's latest aid package, Mr. Mitchell's office said.

Other factors, such as widespread drought and a strong Canadian dollar, have led
to negative net farm income for the last two years.

As he travelled from southern Ontario to Saskatchewan and Manitoba to unveil the
new program, Mr. Mitchell pointed to the unprecedented twin years of negative
income as the reason the government felt it had to step in to help producers at
the outset of another growing season.

But Mr. Mitchell admitted even the millions of dollars promised might not be
enough to avert a third straight bad year.

"Two thousand five is likely to be the third consecutive year that such a
situation exists," Mr. Mitchell said.

The Minister also acknowledged the new aid program fell short of meeting
agriculture's long-term challenges.

Such challenges include marketing Canadian products abroad to consumers now wary
of the dangers of mad cow disease and increasingly concerned about the quality
-- and traceability -- of all food on their dinner tables.

"This is an important liquidity injection to the industry," Mr. Mitchell said of
the aid package in Guelph, Ont., "but in and of itself it is not the total
solution to the challenges that we face. It is absolutely essential that we
pursue transformative change in the agriculture industry."

Federal and provincial governments paid out $4.9-billion in aid to farmers
through agricultural programs in 2004, but Ottawa's critics complained
repeatedly that money didn't reach producers quickly enough, if at all.

"The program is really long on words but very short on details," said
Conservative agriculture critic Diane Finley, adding the use in the new aid
program of eligibility criteria from a past program meant nothing to grain
farmers to whom that previous program did not apply.

Ms. Finley said the aid to grain and oilseed farmers fell short of the
$300-million Ontario farmers have demanded and the $3-billion their counterparts
in the West have sought.

The Conservatives on the House of Commons agriculture committee have led an
effort to have the federal Auditor-General look into the speed and efficiency of
aid programs aimed at cattle farmers during the mad cow crisis.

But industry representatives generally applauded the federal government's latest
announcement, as they have its plans to increase domestic cattle slaughter and
processing capacity as a means of reducing the impact of the closure of the U.S.
border to Canadian cattle.

The potential crisis posed by negative farm incomes was too powerful to ignore,
agricultural economists said.

"We can't sustain negative income in perpetuity, and if all the people making
negative income stopped farming this year it would take a number of years to get
new owners and new systems in to manage that agricultural productive capacity,"
said Ellen Goddard, chairwoman of the Department of Rural Economy at the
University of Alberta.

"I think that's what [the federal government was] trying to avoid," she added.

"But I must admit, how they're going to decide on this transformation of
agriculture and manage it, I don't know."

The latest aid package received strong support in the federal Cabinet, Mr.
Mitchell's office said, but it also brushed aside suggestions the announcement's
timing was related to growing speculation in the media of a spring election.

Asked what the new program had to do with election rumours, Elizabeth Whiting,
Mr. Mitchell's press secretary said: "I would say very little.

"Most political parties are not looking to call an election any time soon.
There's a need for farmers now, so we're meeting that need with cash. Period."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Dean Bicknell, CanWest News Service; The Farm Income Payment Program will
make $841.5-million available to farmers, more than half of it aimed at grain
and oilseed producers, and cattle farmers affected by the mad cow crisis will
receive an additional $155-million.; Black & White
Photo: Andy Mitchell; Black & White
Photo: Wheat.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     November 4, 1999, Thursday, Edition 1

MORE HELP FOR FARMERS TO BE SPELLED OUT TODAY

BYLINE: Jennifer Ditchburn

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 223 words




CANADIAN PRESS

OTTAWA - More help is on its way for farmers, Agriculture Minister Lyle Vanclief
said yesterday, in the form of changes to the much criticized agricultural
relief program.

Vanclief was cryptic about his plans, to be announced today, but suggested any
increased funding for farmers would be injected into the Agriculture Income
Disaster Assistance program, rather than a new initiative.

Despite lobbying by Manitoba Premier Gary Doer and Saskatchewan Premier Roy
Romanow, an extra $1.3 billion in help for farmers just wasn't in the cards, he
said.

Farmers' advocates and national farm organizations hope the program will be
completely redesigned.

They complain AIDA is too complicated - often requiring the help of accountants
and lawyers to fill out papers - and the farmers who need help most are often
shut out.

Money distributed is based on how much of an income drop a farmer experiences.

An Agriculture Canada forecast, released Tuesday, suggested realized net farm
incomes will be better than expected this year - from three times higher in
Manitoba, or $197 million, to 800 per cent above past estimates for
Saskatchewan, or $362 million

Those figures contradict provincial predictions and Canadian Wheat Board figures
suggesting commodity prices will drop.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Assam Tribune (India)

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Farmers' Devp Corp in State soon

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: GUWAHATI


GUWAHATI, April 17 -- The government is mulling setting up a Farmers'
Development Corporation and earmarking an allocation of Rs 1,000 crore for
taking up various farmer-oriented schemes. This was revealed by Chief Minister
during an interactive programme with 100 farmers from various parts of the State
at his official residence here today, stated an official press release.

Gogoi told the farmers that the State government has all along been laying
emphasis on the farming sector and has taken up a slew of schemes aimed at
enhancing farmers' income. 'Ours is an agrarian economy and the development of
the State hinges on agriculture and allied sectors. That is why our government
has accorded top priority to the agriculture sector and has taken up a slew of
schemes towards this end,' he said.

Declaring 2015 as the 'Year of Agriculture', the Chief Minister said the
government has put emphasis on farm mechanisation and the farmers have to adopt
modern farming practices to boost their production and thus augment their
income.

Gogoi said the government would provide assistance to farmers who have done
exceedingly well in their respective fields and asked the Agriculture Department
to draw a list of 100 selected farmers.

Speaking on the occasion, Agriculture Minister Rakibul Hussain said the thrust
of his department is to shift from single to multiple cropping in a year to
augment the income of the farmers. Hussain said his department has already
initiated the process for timely distribution of potato seeds from October this
year.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Assam Tribune. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Assam Tribune (P) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          December 2, 1987, Wednesday

SLIGHT DECLINE IS FORECAST IN US AGRICULTURE INCOME

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 157 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Farm income is expected to fall slightly from record 1987 levels in the year
ahead, the Agriculture Department said Tuesday.

The department forecast cash income for farmers in 1988 in the range of $ 50
billion to $ 55 billion, compared with the 1987 estimate of a record $ 56 illion
to $ 58 billion.

Net farm income could total $ 40 billion to $ 45 billion, compared with an
estimated $ 44 billion to $ 46 billion this year, the department said at the
start of its three-day Agricultural Outlook Conference.

The annual sessions bring together farmers, agribusiness executives, department
officials and Capitol Hill officials to scan the crystal ball for signs of how
the farm economy will fare in the year ahead.

Secretary of Agriculture Richard E. Lyng was scheduled to open the proceedings,
followed by USDA economist Larry Chimerine and James R. Donald, chairman of the
department's World Agricultural Outlook Board.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Irish News

                                January 11, 2003

Farmers lambast 'Goebbels' tactics;

BYLINE: By Valerie Robinson

SECTION:  Pg. 13

LENGTH: 438 words


TRAFFIC came to a standstill in Dublin yesterday as 300 tractors entered the
city centre in the climax of a five-day farmers' protest over falling incomes.

Irish Farmers Association president John Dillon, who led thousands of farmers
joining tractor convoys across the state since Monday, described the protest as
a "massive success".

Around 1,000 protesters gathered outside government buildings as Mr Dillon
insisted that farmers would not allow the government "to turn their backs on the
family farm".

The IFA boss said that the protest had sent a clear message to agriculture
minister Joe Walsh that farming incomes had reached crisis levels, averaging at
E15,000 per annum.

Mr Dillon claimed that the protesters had exposed the misinformation campaign"
by Mr Walsh who claimed that the average yearly income currently stood at
E45,000.

Mr Dillon warned that agriculture was the "backbone of Irish life" and said its
collapse would affect everyone.

He restated farmers' demands, which covered areas such as disease levies, milk,
beef and grain prices, Vat levels and an agri-environmental package.

In a statement issued on the eve of the protest, the government insisted it
remained committed to the future of agriculture.

"The government's approach has always been founded on the unique importance of
the sector in terms of sustaining rural Ireland and as our major natural
resource based industry. The minister for agriculture and food has, on a number
of occasions, outlined the extent of the support which is provided for the
sector, given its important economic and social role, " it said.

Fine Gael's agriculture spokesman, Billy Timmins, accused the minister of
conducting a "Goebbels style" campaign of misinformation in the run-up to
yesterday's protest.

"The minister's efforts to deflect from the real difficulties facing farmers, by
seeking to cause confusion by releasing misleading farming income figures and
trying to create a divide between rural and urban that doesn't exist, blew up in
his face. This has ensured that the week-long protest was an outstanding
success, " he said.

And Sinn Fein TD for Dublin South West, Sean Crowe said that thousands of
farming families were finding it increasingly difficult to survive. Mr Crowe
said that successive governments had had "no real vision for the future of Irish
agriculture".

"They are content to rely upon the hope that the current level of EU subsidies
will continue to compensate for the lack of a long-term strategy, while failing
to develop policies that will safeguard and expand the sector, " he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 The Irish News Limited


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             June 26, 2008 Thursday

Seniors, collect your fruit and veggie vouchers

BYLINE: ANDREW SHAW The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 280 words


Low-income seniors can take advantage of an existing state and federal
agriculture program to receive $20 in farmers markets vouchers free.

Four $5 vouchers from the Farmers Market Nutrition Program are available to
seniors to help purchase locally grown, nutritious food.

The vouchers must be used for fresh fruits, vegetables and herbs. Processed
foods and some citrus and tropical fruits are excluded.

"It's a good program not only for the senior citizens but for agriculture as
well," said Len Bennett, spokesman for
state Rep. Scott Perry, R-Dillsburg.

"As money gets a little tighter, people should be made aware of these programs
that do exist."

The federally and state-funded program is run by the state Department of
Agriculture.

Statewide, more than 900 farmers accept the vouchers at their farm stands and
markets from June to Nov. 30.

The state has provided about 300,000 vouchers so far this year, which is on
average with past years, according to Nicole Cullison, speaking for the
department.

To be eligible, seniors must be age 60 or older by Dec. 31 and have a household
income, before taxes, of less than $19,240 for a single person or $25,900 for a
couple.

-- Reach Andrew Shaw at 505-5431 or ashaw@yorkdispatch.com
To receive vouchers
Low-income seniors are eligible for $20 in free farmers market vouchers. To
locate York farmers who accept the vouchers, call Rep. Scott Perry's office at
432-0792, or visit www.repperry.com. For registration information for the
vouchers, call the Department of Agriculture at 800-468-2433. For a list of
approved farmers, check www.agriculture.state.pa.us and click on Producers at
the top of the page, then Farmers Market Nutrition Program.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     August 30, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Subsidy war prompts $2B farm aid deal

BYLINE: Peter Morton

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: Ottawa, Ont.


    The federal government will send $2 billion - $300 million
 immediately - in cheques to farmers over the next year to help them through one
of the worst years they have ever faced.

But farm groups and opposition politicians said yesterday that farmers need at
least another $1.1 billion to make it through to next summer when a guaranteed
farm income program starts.

''Canadian farmers believe that the Canadian government must realize the
agricultural industry is in need of substantial support to ensure its survival
in the short term,'' Jacques Proulx, vice-president of the Canadian Federation
of Agriculture, told a Commons committee yesterday.

The subsidy war between the U.S. and the European Community has dragged grain
prices to record lows of about $75 a tonne while attracting subsidies of more
than $200 a tonne, the committee was told.

As a result, Canadian farm income is expected to be about $2 billion this year,
far below its peak of $9 billion in 1975. At the same time, direct government
aid to farmers dropped by $1.3 billion in 1989, and fell another $1 billion in
1990 to $1.9 billion, said Liberal farm critic Maurice Foster.

Agriculture officials admit they were several months late sending out cheques
under one of two new programs designed to permanently wean Canadian farmers off
ad hoc government grants.

Dennis Stevens, assistant deputy minister, said the government will mail $300
million under the new Net Income Stabilization Account program in September.
During the next 12 months a total of $2 billion will be sent under NISA and the
Gross Revenue Insurance Plan.

About $1.5 billion will be mailed before the next crop is planted, Stevens said.

Proulx said consumers should be prepared to pay more for their food. Canadians
now spend only 10.6% of disposable income on food, the second lowest after the
U.S. among Western countries.

''This relatively inexpensive agri-food system is being enjoyed more and more at
farmers' expense,'' he said, adding Canadians should pay a reasonable price for
food to ensure farmers receive a fair return.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday

CM bats for assured marketing mechanism for maize

LENGTH: 763 words

DATELINE: Chandigarh


Chandigarh, July 6 -- Punjab Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal on Saturday
wrote a series of letters to the Union Ministers demanding concessions in
various fields for the people of the State.

To encourage crop diversification by ensuring assured marketing mechanism for
maize crop, Badal wrote to Union Minister for Food Supply and Consumer Affairs
Ram Vilas Paswan to direct any of the central agencies, including FCI, NAFED etc
to procure maize from the State.

In his letter to Paswan, the Chief Minister apprised him that owing to low
production risk and assured marketing of wheat and rice, about 80 per cent of
the arable area in the State came under these two crops adding that since long,
this cropping system has continued yielding a high growth in agriculture
production and farm incomes. Badal said that the production potential of the
available technology of these crops has almost been fully exploited and there
was now near stagnation in growth and real farm incomes.

Badal apprised Paswan that for improving farm income, diversification of
agriculture along with value addition of produce was essential for which state
Agriculture Department has identified maize, cotton, agro-forestry and pulses as
alternative crops to break the rotation of wheat and paddy, making agriculture
not only more sustainable but also environment friendly.

Badal said the Agriculture Ministry announces MSP of Maize every year and the
current MSP of maize was Rs 1350 per quintal. However, he bemoaned that none of
the agencies of the GoI had ever entered Punjab market to procure maize at such
a price, as a result of which the farmers of state were left at the mercy of the
private traders and were thus exploited.

Seeks appointment of member irrigation BBMP from Punjab

In a communique to the Union Power Minister Piyush Goyal, Badal urged him to
appoint Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) Member Irrigation from Punjab on the
retirement of present incumbent in order to ensure neutrality in the functioning
of the organisation.

The Chief Minister said consequent upon receiving his consent in the matter the
Punjab government would send a panel of officers for selection and appointment
as Member Irrigation, BBMB. He said ever since BBMB was constituted, Member
(Irrigation) has always been appointed from panel of officers of Haryana cadre.
Needless to say that Punjab and Haryana have equal interest in the subject of
'Power' and 'Irrigation'. Therefore, post of Member (Irrigation) and Member
(Power) should be filled in from panel of officers from Punjab and Haryana, by
rotation, he added.

Seeks early clearance of second phase of Ghaggar channelisation

In another letter to Union Water Resource Minister Uma Bharti, Badal sought her
intervention for instructing the officers of her Ministry to convene an early
meeting of the Ghaggar Standing Committee, for clearing the second phase of
Channelisation of this river.

In his letter, he Chief Minister apprised Bharti that as per the approval
granted by Ghaggar Standing Committee, first phase of channelisation of Ghaggar
River from Khanauri to Makror Sahib (22.45-km) was completed. However, he said
that the second phase of the project from Makror Sahib to Karail was under
consideration of Ghaggar Standing Committee, from the last five years. "As this
river creates havoc during the rainy season so in the larger public interest you
are kindly requested to instruct the officers of your Ministry to immediately
convene an early meeting of the Ghaggar Standing Committee for clearing the
second Phase" added Badal.

Setting regional vocational training institute

Seeking intervention of Union Labour and Employment Minister Narendra Singh
Tomar for expediting the setting up of Regional Vocational Training Institute
and Regional Directorate Apprenticeship Training near Chandigarh, Badal
underscored the need to have such centers, which would go a long way in
strengthening and improving the quality of skill development training in general
and empowerment of women in particular.

In his letter to Tomar, Badal apprised the Union Minister that the State
Government has identified suitable land measuring 9 acres, 6 canals and 4
marlas. "I seek your personal indulgence to give necessary push to this
ambitious project by completing the necessary formalities so that the foundation
stone of this project can be laid at the earliest" he added.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 23, 2007 Saturday

Press selection list for Afghan newspapers 23 Jun 07

LENGTH: 3139 words


Newspapers published in Kabul

Rah-e Nejat (independent daily)

1. Unattributed report, entitled "Agriculture income forms 60 per cent of the
national income - the agriculture and livestock minister", addressing a ceremony
marking the Agriculture Day, Agriculture and Livestock Minister Obaidollah Ramin
says the income from agricultural produce forms 60 per cent of the national
income of Afghanistan. (pp1, 5; 200 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Editorial, entitled "Afghanistan: NATO's graveyard!", comments on the
increase in civilian casualties in Afghanistan over the past few months. It says
that civilian casualties raised concerns at national and international levels
and provoked feelings against the foreign forces in Afghanistan. There is a
possibility that Afghanistan may become a graveyard for the foreign forces as it
was in the past during the Russian and British invasions. (p2, 400 words in
Dari, PROCESSING)

3. Unattributed report, entitled "The government's partial stance complicated
the crisis in Maidan Wardag - Behsud residents", says a large number of
residents of Behsud District and Daimorad gathered in front the UNAMA office in
Kabul, demanding the removal of the nomads from their farmlands and residential
areas. They also accuse the government of complicating the situation in Maidan
Province by overlooking the crisis created by the nomads. (p2, 230 words in
Dari, NPP)

4. Article by Mohammad Reza Fayaz, entitled "Fish farms; little investment, more
income", comments on the huge income generated from fish farms. It encourages
investors to invest in fish farm. (p5, 1,200 words in Dari, NPP)

The Daily Afghanistan (independent daily)

1. Unattributed report, entitled "Conspiracy is under way to lead Hazarajat
towards chaos", cites Haji Mohammad Mohaqqeq, an MP for Kabul Province, say
saying that the clashes between the nomads and the residents of Hazarajat area
is a conspiracy the aim of which is to create unrest in the peaceful Hazarajat
area. He says the killing of residents of Behsud District of Maydan Wardag
Province is unacceptable. He also criticized the unequal implementation of the
disarmament programme in the country. (p1, 170 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Editorial, entitled "Nomads: Challenges and solutions", says there are nomads
in various countries of the world, but they are different to Afghan nomads
because in other countries they act based on specific laws and regulations. It
believes that political games are behind all social and national matters in the
country. It says nomads in Afghanistan are recognized as "wild", "savage" and
"fearless" phenomenon that they do not observe the rights of the others. It
accuses the nomads of creating unrest and undermining the peaceful lives of
others every year. The editorial urges the government to put an end to nomadic
lifestyle in Afghanistan and provide the nomads with accommodation. (p2, 400
words in Dari, PROCESSING)

3. Article by Qasem Qamus, entitled "Handing over and retaking districts;
repetition of expensive game", comments on the formation of the Taleban and says
they failed to rule Afghanistan for more than six years. It says there were
various factors behind the collapse of the Taleban, but the US-led West
registered the victory in its name. The writer says this victory failed to
continue for three years and adds that the Taleban infiltrate Afghanistan from
other side of the border in order to create unrest in the region. It says
whenever the Afghan and foreign forces lost the control of a district, they
described that they withdrew from the district tactically. The article also says
the civilians suffer from this tactic which creates a human tragedy. It also
says these tactical clashes have harmed the Afghan economy. (p2, 340 words in
Dari, PROCESSING)

4. Article by Gol Mohammad, entitled "Afghanistan; a step towards unrest and
mutiny", comments on the demonstration of a number of Hazara people in Kabul
demanding the government to remove the nomads who allegedly occupied their lands
in Behsud District of Maydan Wardag Province. They accused the government of
acting partially towards the issue. A demonstrator says there no land to
distribute to Kabul residents, but dozens of hectares of land plots are
distributed to the nomads. (p2, 900 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

5. Article by Mohammad Amin Mirzad, entitled "Charter of the Fundamental Rights
of the European Union; new topic at Brussels meeting", comments on the EU
fundamental rights charter. (p2, 1,200 words in Dari, NPP)

Cheragh (independent daily)

1. Editorial, entitled "The ridiculous game; where will it take America?", says
some countries stationed their forces in Afghanistan without a legal permission
from the United Nations, and, America has failed to act effectively in this
country. It says the US officials have always called the Afghan politicians as
their allies, but they have provided further financial assistance to the
movements opposing the government of Afghanistan. It says the policies of
double-standard of America towards Afghanistan and Pakistan will create serious
challenges to America. The editorial believes lack of balanced financial
assistance to the two allies of the fight against terrorism by America widened
the gulf between Kabul and Islamabad. (p1, 400 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Article by Zahra Mosawi, entitled "Sound society in wakeful conscience", says
the turbulent and critical situation undermined the rule of law and social
norms. It says the observation of law and social norms by the government and
people will build society. The writer believes wakeful and effective conscience
have direct impact on social prosperity. (p2, 600 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Report by Abdollah Yadgari, entitled "The strategic plan for protection of
Makrorayan will be implemented by the end of month of Mizan", comments on the
role of Makrorayan areas in Kabul and importance of their protection. (p3, 700
words in Dari, NPP)

4. Article by Ahmad Shekib Ahmadi, entitled "Women's problems will not be solved
by holding ceremonies", says the celebrations of Days of Mothers, Wives and
Children have had symbolic style and are held by the government officials and
ministries with plentiful amount of money. It says the Afghan women and mothers
do not need symbolic celebrations, but practical measures which ensure their
rights granted by Islam. The writer says if the organisations and ministries
really want to help the Afghan women, they should build schools for the girls
who are taught under the tents and create job opportunities for them. (p3, 400
words in Dari, PROCESSING)

Anis (state-run daily)

1. Report by Bakhtar Information Agency, entitled "Karzai meets Polish
parliamentary Speaker", says Afghan President Hamed Karzai meets the Polish
parliamentary Speaker to discuss bilateral ties, establishment of security and
peace and situation in the country and region. (pp1, 4; 200 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Unattributed report, entitled "Japanese assistance proves useful for DDR and
DIAG programmes - Mohammad Karim Khalili", addressing a ceremony of foreign
politicians, researchers, university lecturers in Japan, Second Vice-President
Mohammad Karim Khalili describes the Japanese assistance as beneficial for the
implementation of Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration (DDR) and
Disbandment of Illegal Armed Groups (DIAG) programmes. Khalili says the
programmes enjoy support of the public and government and non-government
officials in Afghanistan. (pp1, 4; 290 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Editorial, entitled "NATO and security challenges in Afghanistan", comments
on the increasing violence and insurgency activities in Afghanistan and says
fighting is not the solution to the problems in Afghanistan. It believes
reconciliation and negotiations will prove useful in terms of establishment of
peace and security. It also says the Afghan officials are not in favour of
fight. It says the Taleban and insurgents claim that they have been fighting in
Afghanistan because of the presence of the foreign forces. It reiterates that if
fighting is ended, there is no need for the foreign forces to stay in
Afghanistan. The editorial says if insecurity hinders the reconstruction process
in Afghanistan, those, who claim to ensure peace and stability in Afghanistan,
are responsible for it. (pp1, 4; 380 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

4. Article by Ustad Mobasheri, entitled "Solution to insecurity needs broad
thinking", says there are some elements that prefer their own interests to the
national ones and want to create hostility and ethnic, regional, linguistic,
racial and factional favouritism. It also says there are still selective
tendency and the officials are still appointed based on the relations. The
writer believes if the situation continues in this vein, it will turn into a
countrywide crisis. It also says the recent incident in Jowzjan Province was the
result of such treatment. It says the country will get rid of the current
situation, if the capacity of the defensive forces of the country is improved
and the police force is strengthened. (p2, 1,000 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

Arman-e Melli (independent daily)

1. Unattributed report, entitled "Activities of Taleban reduced - Karim Khalili
at DIAG conference in Japan", addressing a meeting of DIAG officials in Japan,
Second Vice-President Mohammad Karim Khalili says the Taleban activities reduced
in Afghanistan. It believes Khalili made this remark in response to the recent
remarks of the Taleban in which they said that they would carry out their
activities in Iraqi style and would mainly focus their operations in the Afghan
capital. (p1, 130 words in Dari, NPP)

2. Article by Mir Najibollah Shams, entitled "Is Afghanistan an occupied
country?", says the current system was established in Afghanistan six years ago
and free market economy was practiced four years go, but it is still not known
to which direction the government is moving. The writer believes the civilian
casualties, Taleban insurgency, political violence, imbalanced economic, human
rights violations, embezzlement of the public property and lawlessness are not
coincident. It says the new British ambassador to Afghanistan in an exclusive
interview with BBC announced that the British troops will stay in Afghanistan
for three decades. The writer considers the announcement of the British
ambassador as irresponsible, unilateral and undiplomatic. It says the British
and US forces view Afghanistan as an occupied country. The writer asks several
questions about the recent remarks of the new British ambassador. It also says
the national interests have been sacrificed to the protection of government
powers. (p2, 1,350 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

3. Report by Zarguna Salehi, entitled "Foodstuff to be distributed to refugees
expelled from Iran", says the distribution of foodstuff to the Afghan refugees
expelled from Iran will begin in the near future with the 3.6m dollars aid of
the USA. (p3, 230 words in Dari, NPP)

The Kabul Times (state-run daily)

1. Editorial, entitled "Sir Salman Rushdie!", comments on the book of Salman
Rushdie and the title of knighthood to him by the Queen Elizabeth. It says in
this era, when efforts are made by sane people to boost peaceful coexistence and
mutual respect among the believers of various religions, veneration of such
divisive elements who generate resentment between Islam and Christianity is not
only untimely, but also apolitical. The editorial says the Taleban and
Al-Qa'idah members are not proponent of the true Islam and their members are
brainwashed like to followers of Satan which is making inroads in the US. (p2,
340 words in English, PROCESSING)

2. Unattributed report, entitled "People and development", comments on the
launch of provincial consultation process to develop Afghanistan's National
Development Strategy in the provinces of Takhar, Konduz and Baghlan. (p4, 200
words in English, NPP)

Hewad (State-run Daily)

1. Editorial entitled "The disarmament process needs new momentum" comments on
the conference held in Tokyo on the disarmament process, especially the DIAG
[Disbandment of Illegal Armed Groups] in Afghanistan. The writer lauds the
efforts of Japan in the rehabilitation process of Afghanistan, etc. It says
people no longer want illegal armed groups to operate in the country (p1, 230
words in Pashto, NPP)

2. Article by Harun Zahrawi says that a number of people, radios and TV networks
remain indifferent to the continuous killing and misery in the country. The
writer says Afghanistan will never get the culture of western countries. It says
that people should have expressed grief over the recent explosion in which
police and civilians were killed by stopping the release of songs, etc. (p2, 900
words in Pashto, PROCESSING)

3. Article by Q. Kandahar entitled "Factors behind suicide attacks should be
assessed" comments on the huge casualty inflicted on civilians by suicide
attacks. The writer says that the deputy UN envoy to Afghanistan and President
Hamed Karzai have recently said that factors behind suicide attacks in the
country should be investigated outside Afghanistan. The writer says
terrorists/suicide bombers are sent to Afghanistan after receiving training in
Pakistan. (p2, 650 words in Pashto, NP)

4. Article by Zemarai entitled "Broad public movement needed for reconstruction"
comments on the reconstruction of Afghanistan taking into consideration the
economic, cultural and social, etc issues. The writer says that people should
take part in the reconstruction of their country and should not remain
indifferent. It says one of the roles of people in the reconstruction is that
they should ensure security of the projects and protect them. (p2, 900 words in
Pashto, NPP)

5. Article by Hayatullah Halim entitled "How long should Afghanistan face the
threat of mines?" comments on the existence of land mines and unexploded
ordnance across the country. The writer commented in detail about the
performance of a number of organizations in the de-mining program in the
country, etc. (p3, 1,000 words in Pashto, NPP)

Weesa (Independent Daily)

1. Editorial entitled "What is the meaning of one speech from different
sources?" comments on the recent remarks of the NWFP Governor of Pakistan in
Saudi Arabia who has said that if Taleban are not given a chance to take part in
the peace jerga, it is difficult to bring peace in Afghanistan. The writer says
many senior Pakistani officials are saying the same thing always. It says Kabul
will not allow Taleban to take part in jerga because they kill innocent Afghans.
(p2, 300 words in Pashto, NPP)

2. Article by Fawad Farahee Asmaee entitled "Russia's effort to influence on
Afghanistan" using recent failed elements comments on the recent visit of Afghan
parliamentary delegation to Moscow to attend the 28th general session of common
wealth countries. The writer says from among Afghan delegation, Mohammad Yunos
Qanuni, Sayed Mohammad Golabzoy and Mohammad Shaker Kargar clandestinely and
without informing the Afghan foreign ministry met senior Russian intelligence
officers. (pp1,3 1,000 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

Newspapers published in Herat

Etefaq-e Eslam (state-run daily)

23 June

1. Report that the World Health Organization (WHO) is to establish a centre for
diagnosing and treating tuberculosis or TB in Herat Province. The provincial
governor has pledged to support the programme and provide facilities for the
organization to set up its programme. (p 1,150 words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Report, saying that hundreds of vehicle owners and drivers held a gathering
in Herat city on Thursday 21 June, complaining about the fragile security along
the Herat-Kabul highway, corruption and the biased policy towards some of the
transport companies. A number of MPs and Herat Provincial Council members have
promised to report their problems to the relevant officials. (p 1, 200 words in
Dari, NPP)

3. Report: Afghan Health Minister Sayed Amin Fatemi has confirmed four health
workers have been kidnapped by a number of unidentified armed men in Nurestan
Province recently. Speaking to Bakhtar News Agency, the minister has stated that
the health workers had been deployed to provide health services in the area. (p
1, 250 words in Dari, NPP)

4. Commentary by Mohammad Ebrahim Fruzesh, entitled: "Domestic products require
public support", says that most of the people's needs are now produced inside
the country, but there are some problems ahead of the Afghan factories and
companies. He lists, for instance, the high taxes on the raw materials, the
neighbouring countries' dumping system and the government's poor management in
this sphere, as the major challenges ahead of the factory owners and traders. He
emphasizes that the domestic products need to be fully supported if the
government and people want to have an improved economy. (p 4, 450 words in Dari,
NPP)

Pagah (independent daily)

23 June

1. Editorial, entitled: "Collecting arms needs a different policy", states the
government embarked upon DIAG (Disbandment of Illegal Armed Groups) after the
DDR (Disarmament, Demobilization and Reintegration) to collect weapons of the
illegal armed groups. Nevertheless, the government has so far failed to complete
this programme successfully partly because those who join the process only hand
over some old, broken weapons and instead receive documents guaranteeing their
safety. This comes when most of them still hold ammunition and weapons and the
government has not taken any serious measures to fully disarm them. (p 1, 400
words in Dari, PROCESSING)

2. Unattributed article, entitled: "Resurfacing roads, the city's dire need",
criticizes the Municipal Council for promising to asphalt many streets and roads
in the current year but breaking the promise. It also claims that most of the
roads have not been built in line with standards and, therefore, they have been
partly destroyed due to their low quality or destructed by other departments
involved in communication and water supply projects. The article calls on the
municipality to built some of the roads prior to the winter and coordinate its
activities with other organizations. (pp 2, 3, 600 words in Dari, NPP)

3. Unattributed commentary, entitled: "Criticism is not only way to
construction", believes that criticism has not always been the only way to bring
about reform and improve activities as it is also good to praise honest work and
concerted efforts of some of the government employees. (p 3, 250 words in Dari,
NPP)

4. Report quotes a provincial official as reporting three development projects,
including a water supply system, have been completed under the National
Solidarity Programme in three villages in Enjil and Gozara Districts of Herat
Province recently. (p 4, 200 words in Dari, NPP)

Source: Afghan press selection list in Dari and Pashto 23 Jun 07

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 10, 1987 Monday

Radical farm-aid program could bring guaranteed pay

BYLINE: GEOFFREY YORK; GAM

LENGTH: 1300 words

DATELINE: Winnipeg MB


BY  GEOFFREY YORK
 The Globe and Mail
  WINNIPEG
   Canada's agriculture ministers are preparing to begin a radical reform
of the country's farm subsidies - a reform that could eventually lead to a
guaranteed annual income for farmers.

Already the agriculture ministers have agreed that the subsidies must
be overhauled to stop encouraging the over-production of agricultural
products, especially grain.

The subsidies should support the income of farmers, rather than
propping up agricultural prices and commodity production, they have
concluded.

Some officials are going a step farther. They are recommending a means
test for farmers, to ensure that the poorest are given a basic survival-
level income.

Under this system, a farmer might be guaranteed an annual income of
perhaps $15,000. Tax returns would be examined to determine his net
income. If it was under $15,000, government payments would increase his
income to the minimum level.

Provincial officials in Manitoba are tentatively supporting this
concept. Premier Howard Pawley describes it as a simple extension of the
concept of crop insurance.

"If things go wrong, due to weather or damage to crops, farmers are
guaranteed a certain level of support," Mr. Pawley said. "Likewise we
should have a similar kind of program for farm-income support."

Manitoba's deputy agriculture minister, Gerald Gartner, said the scheme
would be a form of "income insurance" which would ensure the maintenance
of "a certain level of minimum income."

Establishing the minimum income would be "a balancing act," he said.

It would have to be high enough to allow a farmer "to keep body and
soul together." But if the minimum income was too high, it would create
inefficiencies, Mr. Gartner said.

For many years, academics and bureaucrats have discussed the idea of a
guaranteed annual income for all Canadians in every sector of the economy.
No such scheme has ever been adopted by a provincial or federal
government, but farmers could become the pioneers of the concept.

"Agriculture could be set up as an experimental group," University of
Manitoba economist Daryl Kraft said.

The reform discussions are being hastened by the mounting cost of farm
subsidies in Canada. Grain subsidies alone were nearly $3-billion last
year, including a special $1-billion cash payment to grain farmers from
the federal Government.

The $1-billion payment was shared among all grain farmers in Canada, on
the basis of the number of acres they had seeded. Much of the money was
given to people who are financially comfortable because of investment
income and a lack of debt.

The special payment was supposed to compensate farmers for the steep
decline in world prices for grain. But some of the beneficiaries were
cattlemen and hog producers who grew grain to feed their animals. The drop
in world grain prices did not affect them, yet they received a share of
the $1-billion payment.

Many critics, including the Manitoba Government, believe the subsidies
should be targeted to the neediest farmers.

The $1-billion payment was wasteful because Ottawa was "throwing it out
of airplane windows," Mr. Gartner said. "It's just incredible that the
non-agricultural public was prepared to allow that kind of broadbrush
support, in this day and age of limited budgets."

Saskatchewan Premier Grant Devine has emphasized the same point in
recent weeks. "How much longer can our respective treasuries maintain such
a drain?" he asked in a speech in July. "How much longer will the urban
taxpayer allow such a drain to continue?"

Saskatchewan and Manitoba are enthusiastic supporters of subsidy reform
because they realize that the provinces could soon be forced to share the
cost of Ottawa's subsidies.

The special payment to grain farmers will probably increase by 60 per
cent to $1.6-billion this year. But the federal Government wants the
provinces to pay half the cost this time.

Since the majority of grain farmers live in the Prairies, the
Saskatchewan Government might have to contribute as much as $300-million
and Manitoba could be faced with a bill for $100-million.

If the subsidies were more selective, the provinces might be able to
reduce the cost to their treasuries.

A recent study in Saskatchewan found that a guaranteed income of
$15,000 for grain farmers would be much cheaper for government treasuries
than the current system of special payments to all farmers. Moreover, the
guaranteed income would provide greater benefits for the neediest, the
study concluded.

The study, based on a sample of about 700 grain farmers in
Saskatchewan, found that the current system of federal subsidies is much
more lucrative for wealthy than for the poorest.

The study showed that the wealthiest 20 per cent are receiving twice as
much money from the federal payments as the poorest 20 per cent.

By contrast, a guaranteed income of $15,000 would give most of its
benefits to the poorest, the study found.

The Saskatchewan study has influenced the thinking of Mr. Gartner and
other Manitoba officials. William Uruski, the province's Agriculture
Minister, has openly criticized the federal subsidies for their tendency
to favor the rich.

The largest farmers "are the greatest beneficiaries of government
support programs," Mr. Uruski said.

He calculated that the largest 30 per cent of Canadian farmers are
enjoying 70 per cent of the benefits of agricultural subsidies.

There is a serious problem of inequity in the subsidy programs, Mr.
Uruski said. Many of the farmers who receive subsidies may actually be
richer than the bulk of the taxpayers who ultimately pay for the
subsidies, he suggested.

Mr. Uruski and Mr. Gartner want the subsidies to be more selective and
based on need. "There's just no comparison between a young farmer with 80
per cent debt and an older established farmer without any debt," Mr.
Gartner said.

Because the $1-billion federal payment was divided among all grain
farmers last year, "it wasn't enough to help those who are in acute
difficulty," Mr. Gartner said.

In recent months, an increasing number of organizations and individuals
have voiced support for the concept of subsidies for the needy.

In addition to the Manitoba Government, the concept has gained varying
degrees of support from the federal Liberals, the Saskatchewan New
Democrats, the National Farmers Union, the Royal Bank of Canada, and
several influential newspaper columnists in Saskatchewan.

At the same time, the Organization of Economic Cooperation and
Development has issued an international plea for subsidies to support the
income of farmers, rather than the production or prices of agricultural
commodities. Canada is among the 24 nations belonging to the OECD which
officially adopted this policy.

Yet even the most enthusiastic reformers acknowledge that it will be
difficult to modify the current system of subsidies. Large farmers will
strongly oppose any attempt to reduce their share of the subsidy money.

A means test "is certainly not going to be popular," Mr. Gartner said.

One of Canada's largest farm organizations, the Saskatchewan Wheat
Pool, appears to be in a quandary over the issue.

The pool's president, Garfield Stevenson, said he would like to see a
new government program created to help the poorest. But at the same time,
he resists the idea of reducing payments to the wealthy.

"It's a very difficult thing to talk about," Mr. Stevenson commented.
"At today's grain prices, it's likely that every farmer needs support."

Even if the resistance were overcome and a guaranteed annual income
were established for farmers, the new system could pose some dangers.

Mr. Kraft warned that it could entice outsiders to enter agriculture.
It could also encourage farmers to borrow more money and spend more on
machinery, because they would still be guaranteed a minimum income.

If the new system is not constructed carefully, it could prevent
agriculture from being rationalized, he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 31, 1991 Friday

Ontario accepts farm income plan

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 285 words


The Globe and Mail
Ontario farmers will be able to participate in a federal-provincial income
stabilization program that will cost the province about $19-million a
year, Agriculture Minister Elmer Buchanan said yesterday.

About 10,000 producers of grains, oilseeds and a variety of
horticultural products will be eligible to join the program, which will
encourage them to set aside savings in good years to provide a financial
cushion in bad years.

The Net Income Stabilization Account will match a farmer's contribution
with a combination of federal and provincial funds. Farmers will have
access to their accounts when their incomes fall below normal levels or
when their net income falls below $10,000 in a year.

The New Democratic Party government had initially refused to join the
program but decided to participate when the federal government agreed to
expand it to cover fruit and vegetable producers.

Mr. Buchanan said that federal funds are expected to start flowing to
farmers this summer now that Ontario is taking part in the scheme.

The province announced on April 3 that a $50-million farm interest
assistance program was being established. At the time, Roger George,
president of the Ontario Federation of Agriculture, said that program and
participation in NISA would fall far short of what Ontario farmers needed
to survive.

A Statistics Canada report released yesterday showed just how bad the
financial situation is in Ontario.

The report said total farm income in Ontario fell by 27 per cent in
1990 to $809.5-million from year-earlier levels.

There is little sign of an increase in 1991. For the first three months
of this year, farm revenue in the province has fallen by 4 per cent from
last year to $1.3-billion.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Statesman (AsiaNet)

                              April 5, 2013 Friday

US Ambassador emphasizes private sector role in modernizing Pakistan's
agriculture

SECTION: Vol. 15 No. 94

LENGTH: 291  words


At the 2nd annual Dawn Agriculture Expo, US Ambassador Richard Olson emphasized
the private sector's crucial role in expanding Pakistan's agricultural markets.
He also celebrated more than 50 years of U.S.-Pakistan cooperation in the
agriculture sector a partnership that contributed to the Green Revolution of the
1950s and more recently has increased incomes for 800,000 families over the last
three years.

The Expo highlighted new technologies and development projects being implemented
in Pakistan through the collaborative efforts of international donors, private
sector companies, and the Pakistan government.  These efforts are focused on
creating jobs, increasing farmers' incomes, and improving Pakistan's food
security.

Speaking at the Expo, Ambassador Olson emphasized that the private sector must
be involved for development assistance to be effective. The challenge for
Pakistan's long-term sustainable agricultural development ultimately depends on
private sector initiatives to take these programs and transfer them into viable
commercial enterprises.

Since 2009, the US government has invested more than $230 million to fund
projects that support the economic growth of Pakistan's agriculture sector.  At
the Expo, the US Agency for International Development, the US Foreign Commercial
Service, and the US Department of Agriculture highlighted many of these
agricultural initiatives.

Through other US-funded efforts, 31,000 people in Punjab and Sind have received
training in dairy-related operations and over 120,000 cattle have been
vaccinated for Foot and Mouth Disease. Additionally, 12,000 farmers in
Balochistan have increased their incomes by 40% by upgrading their farming
practices and increasing agricultural product sales.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Mashriq Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                            December 23, 2011 Friday

Tax on income from agriculture

SECTION: EDITORIAL Vol. XLVII No. 351

LENGTH: 726  words


All the multilateral financial institutions and most of the analysts have been
urging upon the authorities since long to tax incomes originating from various
sources without any discrimination.

Thankfully, all the provincial governments are now convinced about the
desirability of also bringing the agriculture incomes into the tax net which is
supposed to be their domain and prescribed certain rules, but their half-hearted
efforts in this regard do not seem to have made any headway.

Although all the provinces are guilty of not giving enough attention to this
source of revenue, yet a report in a reputed newspaper (Dawn) on the state of
agriculture income tax (AIT) in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) is particularly
disturbing due to the absolute lack of seriousness on the part of the provincial
government to proceed in the right direction earnestly.

According to this report, there are two taxes that apply to landholders in the
province: one is land tax and the other is AIT.

As per land tax slabs levied on the cultivated land, total land revenue should
have been Rs 223.2 million during FY11 but the provincial government has
projected the receipts from this source at Rs 21 million, out of which only one
million rupees will be collected as AIT.

The performance to collect AIT was so poor that in the last three years this
source has contributed a meagre 0.02 percent, 0.1 percent and 0.3 percent to
provincial tax receipts respectively despite the fact that annual income from
irrigated land in Mardan was approximately Rs 10,000 per kanal, while the
minimum was Rs 300 per kanal in the Karak district.

Several factors could have contributed to the poor recovery rate of AIT in the
province.

The relevant laws and rules governing the AIT are confusing, giving the tax
collectors enough space to discriminate between the assessees and indulge in
dubious practices.

According to the AIT Ordinance 2000, AIT had to be collected based on the
assessment of incomes derived from landholding in a year while a notification
issued in March, 2002 made filing of agricultural income tax returns compulsory
only for those people who are in possession of more than 50 acres or have
incomes from agriculture produce in excess of Rs 100,000.

Under a 2005 KP government notification, only those landlords with cultivated
land more than five acres were supposed to pay land tax on it.

In addition to the ambiguity of the relevant rules generally applied on whims,
the focal person, supposed to collect the AIT, is a patwari who is a four-scale
employee of the revenue department and mostly dependent on indirect support from
local landlords.

It is not surprising, therefore, that as against 27,794 landlords who own land
in excess of five acres in the province, only 100 are registered as AIT payers.

Although, we don't have data for other provinces, the situation as revealed by
various sources, does not seem to be much different from the one in KP.

The basic reason for this is that most of the political leaders who are also
lawmakers derive handsome incomes from the agriculture sector and are skilled,
and often collude, in finding ways to exempt themselves from taxes.

This results in overburdening other sectors with taxes, exacerbating income
inequalities and depriving the nation of the opportunities of building
infrastructure and improving growth prospects.

Clearly, there is hardly any justification for keeping the agriculture sector
exempt from effective taxation as indicated by the collection of only Rs 1
million in the whole year by the KP government.

The latest State Bank's Annual Report released on 19th December, 2011 has again
urged upon the relevant quarters to muster the political will to widen the tax
base to include untaxed or under-taxed segments of the economy like agriculture
and services if sustainable growth is to be achieved.

In our view, there is no reason why transparent, effective and
non-discriminatory laws cannot be enacted or the relevant tax machinery cannot
be properly trained and utilised to collect AIT in order to reduce the
dependence of the provinces on the federal government and ensure equity in
taxation.

The only missing link appears to be the selfish attitude of vested interests and
lack of commitment at the highest level of the provincial governments.

Unfortunately, such characteristics are not amenable to change easily.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 4, 1982 Saturday

Ottawa asked   to join in farm   stabilization

BYLINE: Dennis R. Timbrell; GAM

LENGTH: 349 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


The Regina conference of provincial agriculture ministers and major
 producer groups reached agreement recently to seek federal co-operation in
 developing a national farm income stabilization program.

The stabilization issue has significant implications for the future of
 all Canadian agriculture, yet the Regina conference received only token
 coverage in your news pages.

More than most industries, agriculture is plagued by highly variable
 input costs and market prices. The ups and downs in farm returns make it
 difficult for farmers to conduct the business planning which is necessary
 if we are to have orderly growth in agriculture.

Stabilization is a method for improving farm income security by
 guaranteeing farmers a certain floor below which their returns will not
 sink.

In 1958, the federal Government established a national stabilization
 program which has become hopelessly outmoded in spite of numerous
 amendments. The timing and level of payments often do not match producer
 needs and some major commodities are not covered.

As a result, the provinces have been forced to introduce their own
 stabilization schemes or emergency programs. Every province but
 Newfoundland now has its own stabilization plan, with varying levels of
 support between products and provinces. This balkanization of the Canadian
 market causes inefficiency, which benefits neither producers nor
 consumers.

At a federal-provincial conference last July in Halifax, I tabled a
 proposal for a new national stabilization program which would be financed
 equally by Ottawa, the provinces and the producers. Open on a voluntary
 basis to all farmers not covered by supply management, such a program
 could ultimately cover two-thirds of Canadian agricultural production.

Support payments would be set at non-incentive levels to avoid encouraging
overproduction. This is essentially the proposal that received  overwhelming
endorsement in Regina.

The provinces are now asking the federal Government to sit down with us
 to work out the details of a nationwide system.

Dennis R. Timbrell   Minister, Agriculture and Food    Toronto

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             May 10, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Farm safety nets don't offer miracles

BYLINE: Kevin Hursh, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: BUSINESS; Kevin Hursh; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 659  words


The federal Conservatives are going to find farm safety nets to be a quagmire.
No matter what they do, they're going to be criticized. And farmers shouldn't
expect a miracle new program to solve all the woes in the industry.

The feds did earn some applause for their budget announcement that the Canadian
Agricultural Income Stabilization (CAIS) program will be revamped for the year
ahead and then replaced with something more responsive.

The government seems to understand the need for improved inventory valuation
when trying to stabilize farm incomes. As it is now, any decline in value on
products such as stored grain due to commodity price shifts is not adequately
addressed.

This is also an important issue for livestock producers. Problems with the
system of CAIS inventory valuation limited support to cattle producers during
the BSE crisis.

The federal Agriculture Department is also showing more common sense than usual
by not immediately pressing farmers to return CAIS overpayments. They will see
if the CAIS changes end up triggering healthier payments to producers before
asking for money back.

Beyond 2006, Agriculture Minister Chuck Strahl is calling for a replacement of
CAIS -- some other program to stabilize income that would be combined with a
separate disaster component.

Hopefully, the feds are on the right track. There's certainly room for
improvement. But when it's all said and done, these types of programs will not
save agriculture, particularly the grains and oilseeds sector, from the ongoing
malaise.

The budget has allocated $1.5 billion in new funding for agriculture this year
and there's a $500 million a year commitment of new money for subsequent years.
That may be enough for somewhat better income stabilization, but it isn't the
quantum leap in funding necessary to deliver the income support many farm groups
have been demanding.

For 2003, CAIS paid out nearly $1.5 billion to producers across the country.
Saskatchewan farmers received more than their counterparts in any other province
-- $473 million. For 2004, payments totalled more than $1.2 billion, with
Saskatchewan farmers receiving $375 million. That's significant support, but it
pales in comparison to the decline in farm income levels. It's also small
compared to the support farm groups claim is necessary.

The Agricultural Producers Association of Saskatchewan, has been saying a
payment of $75 an acre is needed for producers in the province. That would be
$3.4 billion just in Saskatchewan -- seven to eight times what CAIS has been
delivering.

No matter what the government does, it won't come close to meeting those sorts
of expectations.

That's why producers shouldn't have unrealistic expectations on the short-term
CAIS changes nor the longer-term CAIS replacement. Hopefully, farm support can
be more responsive, timely and bankable, but don't expect a dramatic increase in
the level of support given the budgetary constraints.

In the end, the CAIS name may change, but the income support may be calculated
in much the same way. Before there was CAIS, the previous programs of CFIP
(Canadian Farm Income Program) and AIDA (Agricultural Income Disaster
Assistance) worked on much the same premise.

Strahl could throw out the entire design and build something entirely new, but
that's easier said than done. Past experience suggests that new programs have a
lot of kinks that need to be worked out.

As producers, we should hope for the best and provide as much input as possible,
without relying on changes to farm safety nets to turn the industry around.
There has been no indication from the new government that it is prepared to
spend the kind of money allocated to agriculture in the U.S. system.

In fact, to his credit, Strahl has made it clear that while the Conservatives
may spend a bit more money than their predecessors and hopefully spend more
wisely, there will be no blank cheque for agriculture.

We should govern our farm businesses accordingly.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt developing linkages between farm, industry: Bosan

SECTION: Vol. XIII No. 345

LENGTH: 465  words


Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research (NFSandR) Sikandar
Hayat Khan Bosan on Friday said concerted efforts were being made to improve
farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with markets and industry.

We are committed to increase existing productivity to ensure better returns to
farmers, he said at Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015.

He said the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory growth
to ensure food security of country's growing population, however the major
challenges faced have been low returns to farmers for their commodities because
of higher costs of production.

So this calls for wellthought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages, he
remarked.

He said government was focusing to develop mechanisms for minimising cost of
production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture and livestock. The
government would provide required infrastructure support to agroprocessors with
the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said.

He highlighted the importance of developing new products and technologies to
promote agriculture sector.

He said as per government policies, rural youth would be supported in acquiring
the new skills for setting agrobased businesses for improving household
livelihood.

Under Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, areas like livestock, horticulture
and fisheries as well as nonfarm sector would benefit and this would result in
overall economic betterment of rural masses and generate raw material for
growing food industries, he observed.

Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said investment
in agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from the country.

One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in eradication
of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors, he said.

When rural income increases by 5 percent, the income in urban areas
automatically goes up by 8 percent percent. So there is need proper attention
should be given toward development of agriculture sector, particularly livestock
to rid country of menace of poverty.

Mission Director United States Agency for International Development Pakistan
Gregory Gottlieb said his country was committed to work with Pakistan for
promotion of agriculture sector.

He said US has been looking for opportunities to help make Pakistan's future
bright.

Chief Organizer of conference Hassan Murtaza Khan took dignitaries on visit of
various stalls exhibiting agriculture products and machinery.

Farmers and organisations including National Agriculture Research Centre etc set
up stalls. The twoday event was organised by KMK Global Limited.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                               December 14, 2000

Incomes should improve next year, says banker

BYLINE: By Dbruce

SECTION: Business:Farm/Food:News, Pg.19

LENGTH: 703 words


. . . but input prices will also rise

Joe Watson

A BRIGHTER future for Scottish Agriculture is on the horizon - but a leading
banker yesterday warned input price pressures will remain and hit any general
income improve$ -ment.

Henry Graham, head of agriculture business at the Clydesdale Bank, told a
briefing in Glasgow yesterday that the free-falling output prices of recent
years had bottomed out and would start to show signs of recovery from next year.

There is also the prospect of in$-creased agricultural subsidies as the Common
Agricultural Policy reforms agreed last year kick in.

However, Mr Graham said input prices for fertiliser and fuel would conversely
increase.

He, however, welcomed the prospect of an improvement in farm incomes which were
this year slashed by a further GBP 700million across the UK because of low beef,
cereal, lamb, pork and milk prices. Over the last five years farm incomes in the
UK have fallen GBP 4billion.

Surprisingly, agricultural borrow$ -ing - currently at its highest level ever of
GBP 1.1billion - had not risen to reflect this year's income fall.

Instead, farmers had themselves borne the brunt of the output price drop by
cutting their own production costs.

Mr Graham expects continued volatility in world agricultural

commodity prices, but increasing

demands for grain and meat should help boost ex-farm rates in the

coming year to more sustainable lev$-els.

He said: "I think we have reached the bottom in these farm income figures and
that next year we will see them rise.

"The last 12 months have again seen low farm income figures, but I do believe we
have now hit the bottom.

"In the next 12 months as far as costs are concerned fertiliser prices are to
increase as well as fuel costs."

Worrying for the Scottish industry is that upwards of 60% of the nation's 22,000
farmers now have incomes from outwith their farms. There is also an increasing
move to more part-time farmers.

Working

The Clydesdale Bank - Scotland's biggest agricultural lender - said the number
of full -time farmers had this year fallen 5% with a slight increase in
part-time labour.

Farmers and their families were now doing more contract work and farmers' wives
were also working to bring in income to protect busi$-nesses.

Mr Graham said while the industry still had a strong capital base there was an
increasing awareness among farmers of the need to change their business
structure and their income base.

He added: "The bottom line is that Scottish agriculture still has many
strengths, particularly in relation to the production of quality livestock.

"The challenge for any business man is to be able to stay in the game when times
are tough. As the current revival in the pig sector shows, the future can be
worth fighting for."

On specific outputs, Mr Graham said the recent milk price increase to about 18p
per litre ex-farm had to be sustained.

He expects volatility in the beef market because of Europe's BSE problem and
imports from Ireland in particular.

In the cereal sector - among the worst hit by this year's atrocious weather - Mr
Graham foresees a brighter future because of increasing world demand for grain.

He however warned that with volatile prices there was the need for strong
management as well as stable interest and inflation rates.

Producers also had to bench-mark their businesses with others of a similar
nature.

He added that the longer stability remains in the finance sector the

more opportunity there was for pro$-ducers to compare their business performance
with that of similar ven$-tures.

"Farm business bench-marking has become an important part of good management in
many countries and is beginning to grow in importance here. We need to see more
emphasis on this process, however.

"While we can't control the weather, the latest BSE reaction or the behaviour of
the euro, we can always aim to be slightly better at coping with such factors
than others in the industry.

"Also, the more you know about what others are earning and what they are
spending on services and supplies, the easier it becomes to set realistic
targets for your own future. If others are surviving, and prospering, then so
can you."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2000 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 9, 1992, Thursday

COMMODITY BRIEFS

BYLINE: Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMODITIES, Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE:  LONDON


RUSSIA AGREES TO ACCEPT

BRITISH BEEF SHIPMENTS

Russia agreed Wednesday to allow renewed shipments of surplus British beef,
blocked earlier this week by Russian fears of "Mad Cow" disease, Britain's
Agriculture Ministry said.

A ministry spokesman said the agreement was reached in Moscow following talks
between Keith Meldrum, Britain's chief veterinary official, and a Russian
expert.

"They resolved outstanding technical difficulties, and shipments will be subject
to detailed documentation covering production of the meat," he said.

This meant Britain would provide additional assurances to Russia that the 2,000
metric tons of beef provided as part of a European Community emergency food aid
program were safe.

Mr. Meldrum flew to Moscow Monday after a first consignment of 118 metric tons
of beef was rejected by Russia on health grounds.

WHEAT PRICES SEEN

BOOSTING FARM INCOMES

CHICAGO - Income from wheat to U.S. farmers should rise 12 percent to 14 percent
or more in 1992 from a year ago because of higher production and prices, a U.S.
Department of Agriculture economist said.

Speaking on a Chicago Board of Trade economic outlook panel late Tuesday, Robert
McElroy, agricultural economist with the USDA's Economic Research Service, said
the surge in wheat prices was the bright spot for the agricultural economy.

Net farm income, estimated at $ 44 billion in 1991, was forecast at $ 40 billion
to $ 46 billion for 1992, with Mr. McElroy favoring an outcome toward the higher
end of the range.

GHANA GETS FUNDS TO FIX

ROADS IN COCOA AREAS

ACCRA, Ghana - Ghana received grants totaling $ 19 million from the U.S. Agency
for International Development and the World Bank to rehabilitate 80 miles of
feeder roads leading to inaccessible areas in four cocoa- growing areas.

The roads are located in the Central, Western, Brong Ahafo and Ashanti regions,
where about 8,000 metric tons of cocoa were reported locked up at the end of
December.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: COMMODITY BRIEFS

                  Copyright 1992 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  My Republica

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Nutrition-smart agriculture

LENGTH: 1098 words

DATELINE: Nepal


Nepal, Jan. 24 -- Bhairab Raj Kaini

More from Author

Nutrition-smart agriculture

Women-friendly agriculture

Farming families

As agricultural production increases, households also see increased food
security and better nutrition outcomes

Agriculture is the only source of food and nutrition for the majority of
Nepalis. Especially the poor are directly or indirectly involved in agriculture
and derive multiple benefits from its multifunctional character. But
policymakers and agriculturists in Nepal have traditionally had little impact on
nutritional outcomes. The emphasis has rather been on productivity, agricultural
growth, greater income and return on investment. People working in public health
were concerned with nutritional status, morbidity, mortality and child
development. Although the role of agriculture to improve the quantity and
quality of diets for subsistence farmers is important, it was overlooked.

Realizing this, the Agriculture Development Strategy (ADS) has emphasized food
and nutrition security through agriculture development. According to the ADS,
agricultural growth is reflected not only in additional income but also in
greater availability, access and utilization of nutritious food, particularly
for those who are currently food-insecure.

As agricultural production increases and diversifies, households see increased
food security and better nutrition-which in turn leads to increase in human
capital and productivity. There are many studies that link agricultural growth
with reduction in the number of underweight people.

There are multiple ways in which agriculture can influence nutritional outcomes.
The most direct way is through production of nutritious food for household
consumption. The second is through increased household income through sale of
food produced or through wages from farm labor. Third way is through
agricultural policies that affect food prices. A fourth way concerns how income
obtained from agricultural production or labor is spent.

By investing in nutrition-sensitive agriculture programs, there can be sustained
impact on health and productivity of families. Diversified agricultural
production improves access to diverse and nutritious foods. Since different food
groups provide different benefits, consumption of diversified foods is important
for overall health. Likewise, programs that promote better storage conditions
and add value to products through processing also improve household nutrition.

Homestead food productions also improve dietary intake and micronutrient status,
and decrease morbidity. Nepal is rich in crops that are suitable for kitchen
garden, throughout the year. Nutritious vegetables and fruits can be grown in
the homestead or kitchen garden. This is the direct way how increased production
translates into greater food availability and nutrition security. Agricultural
interventions promoting increased and diversified production of fruit and
vegetables rich in nutrition curb micronutrient deficiencies as well.

Agriculture can also support nutrition supply system indirectly. Increases in
agricultural production and productivity are vital for sustained economic growth
in underdeveloped countries and they have major impact on poverty. One
cross-country analysis found that a percentage increase in agricultural yields
lowers the percentage of national population living on less than a dollar a day
by between 0.64 and 0.91 percent. So agricultural interventions should aim at
improved nutritional outcomes through both self consumption and agricultural
growth and income pathways.

Agricultural programs that integrate gender result in improved agricultural
productivity and better household nutrition status. When women have more control
over household resources, families are healthier, better educated and they have
more access to nutritious foods. Equitable access to resources for women and
marginalized groups increases both production and home consumption. We thus need
to advocate for land rights, water and sustainable resource management. Promote
programs that facilitate access to required resources, such as access to credit,
productive assets, extension services and markets.

Agricultural interventions that include a nutrition education component at
school will also increase the likelihood of positive nutritional outcomes.
Helping small producers respond to changing food demand is also vital. Further,
the role of women in delivering nutrition outcomes makes gender an inevitable
priority for nutrition programs in agriculture.

The jurisdiction over food production is assigned to the Ministry of Agriculture
while food distribution is handled by the Ministry of Supplies. Nutrition,
however, falls within the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Health. Health
Ministry generally assumes direct responsibility for nutrition, but it has weak
link with other two ministries. Hence it would be a good idea to establish a
multi-sector agency to coordinate actions among these ministries. Such a
mechanism should be extended to all level so as to address specific and local
issues.

Invest in research on food crops rich in nutrition and focus on small farmers.
At the same time programs that promote better nutrition, take into account
climate change, improve resilience and productivity of local foods and improve
ecological and sustainable farming practices should get priority.

Bio-fortification, the process of embedding nutrients into food crops, provides
a comparatively cost-effective, sustainable and long-term means of delivering
more micronutrients. As a food-based intervention, bio-fortification uses staple
foods that the poor are already eating to deliver necessary micronutrients to
them. Therefore bio-fortified foods are more easily integrated into livelihoods
and diets of the poor. Bio-fortified crops would provide micronutrients far more
cost-effectively than conventional means with high annual recurring costs.

Traditional farming systems in Nepal use a diversity of crops in both mixed and
relay intercropping as well as integration of crops with livestock and/or
aquaculture. Such farming systems are associated with improved yields as well as
positive implications for food and nutrition security. So more information on
how to improve food production, storage, conservation of nutrients during food
preparation and prevention of food wastage is also desirable.

bhairabr@gmail.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Republica. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 Nepal Republic Media Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Roscommon Herald

                                  May 5, 2010

Carbon tax will cut 2% of average farm income

SECTION: FARMING NEWS

LENGTH: 268 words


THE IFA is calling on the Government to scrap the green carbon tax on farm
diesel.

Roscommon IFA County Chairman, Mr John O'Beirne said that "there has never been
a greater need for a pro-enterprise view in Government as the economy seeks to
return to growth.

The Green agenda cannot be allowed to hi-jack the productivity of the
agricultural sector just to shore up support among their dwindling membership."

Mr O'Beirne said IFA had spoken to Government Ministers and rural TDs in recent
weeks about the harmful impact the carbon tax would have on agriculture.

He added that the latest figures from the Department of Agriculture showed that
the carbon tax would reduce farm incomes by 2%.

"It will escalate costs for the tillage sector and agricultural contractors, who
are struggling to pay the bills as things stand, never mind further increases.

"The tax will cost the Government a lot more than the revenue generated, with
jobs lost and a delay in restoring competitiveness to the economy."

The IFA Chairman added: "Farm Incomes last year were at their lowest in a
generation. The imposition of this uncompetitive tax on production will hamper
the recovery of the agriculture sector and its return to growth. The Carbon Tax
on Farm Diesel in particular is simply an extra cost on production for farmers
as no alternative fuels are available and farmers cannot pass on the extra cost
to the market."

Mr O'Beirne concluded: "I am calling on the Government to recognise the damage
the introduction of the Carbon Tax will do to the productive agriculture sector
and the negative effect it will have on Farm Incomes."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                               May 8, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Protecting farmland for future generations: Agriculture minister says a long
term vision is needed

BYLINE: Pat Bell, Special to Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 762  words


British Columbia grows some of the highest quality agricultural and food
products in the world and our government firmly believes that the preservation
of agricultural land through the Agricultural Land Reserve serves a compelling
public interest.

My vision for agriculture is a long-term vision. Our government will protect
agriculture because we want to grow the industry. To that end we want to protect
agricultural land and particularly the prime agricultural land.

We produce a greater variety of agricultural products over a wider range of
geographical and climatic conditions than any other area in Canada -- and all
this in a province where only a tiny part of our land base is suitable for
agriculture. That scarcity of good farmland is why B.C. has preserved our best
agricultural lands within the ALR.

Not all land classes are created equal. The challenge is ensuring the
productivity of the highest value lands. These are often in areas where the very
qualities that make the land suitable for agriculture, such as warm weather and
proximity to water, attract a growing population. The resulting community growth
places incredible pressures on the ALR and the Agricultural Land Commission is
doing an exceptional job in withstanding those pressures.

Over the past five years very limited quantities of agricultural land have come
out of the land reserve. In fact, in the first four years of this government's
mandate the entire amount of land that came out of the ALR was comparable to the
amount removed in the year 2000 alone.

I recently read the Suzuki Foundation's report on the ALR: "Farmland Forever:
Reshaping the Agricultural Land Reserve for the 21st Century." It contains some
excellent suggestions that I believe could be applied to further protect our
agricultural land and I look forward to working with the land commission to see
how we can incorporate some of those suggestions.

As part of our long-term vision I believe we need to better define the term
'community need.' That is something I have asked the ALC chair to look into and
bring some recommendations back to me. If there are things we can do to better
protect our agricultural land, I am very interested in hearing what they are.

The ALR is one part of the larger picture of agriculture in B.C. My ministry's
mandate is to promote economic development and environmental sustainability for
the agriculture and food sectors, supporting them in delivering safe,
high-quality food.

To help achieve our goals the ministry has adopted a four-themed approach. We
are finding ways to increase access to capital, improve access to Crown land,
enhance the flow of knowledge and manage the urban/agricultural divide.

The outlook is positive. In January, Agriculture and Agri-food Canada released
its forecast of 2005 farm income. They report that in 2004 B.C. farmers' net
cash income -- farm cash receipts minus operating expenses -- was up 26 per cent
from 2003. Continuing with this positive recovery B.C. farmers' net cash income
increased a further 10 per cent in 2005 to $493 million, up from $450 million in
2004.

This compares favourably to the national level, where the 2005 net cash income
of Canadian farmers outside B.C. was forecast to decrease by two per cent and be
four per cent below the 2000-2004 five-year average.

While we are doing well, I believe we can do even better. Challenges from global
market forces mean that a forward-looking strategic plan for the agriculture and
food sectors is critical to their long-term success. On Feb. 17, a caucus
committee, chaired by MLA Val Roddick, parliamentary secretary for agricultural
planning, was formed to conduct discussions with British Columbians that will
become the foundation of B.C.'s agriculture plan.

The committee has already held several meetings with provincial and federal
agencies to get the latest picture of B.C.'s agriculture industry, programs and
issues.

They are now planning public sessions to be held throughout the province in the
months ahead. Input from the agriculture industry is vital to development of a
long-term sustainable agriculture plan for B.C.

I want B.C.'s agriculture industry to grow and prosper. That can only happen if
government and the industry tackle issues together. Raising public awareness of
the importance of B.C.'s agriculture industry is key to its future growth, and I
believe the work being undertaken to develop the agriculture plan will
strengthen support for the agriculture sector and for the ALR in turn.

Pat Bell is MLA for Prince George North and minister of agriculture and lands.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Darren Stone, Times Colonist; Bryan Yager and his border collie, Sauli,
walk through blueberry bushes at Meadowbrook Farm in Victoria.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             March 3, 1998, Tuesday

Farm incomes plummet

BYLINE: Colin Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Page 6

LENGTH: 137 words


FARM INCOMES have been slashed, according to the Government's own figures issued
last night, underlining the protests made in the countryside march on London,
writes Colin Brown.

Provisional figures show that dairy farmers' net incomes for 1997-98 are likely
to be about pounds 19,100 compared with pounds 30,300 for the previous year, a
fall of pounds 215 a week, or 36.9 per cent.

Ministry of Agriculture figures show that the biggest slump in net incomes was
suffered by cereal farmers, who saw their incomes drop from pounds 40,500 to
pounds 24,900, a fall of pounds 15,600 or 38.5 per cent.

Hill farmers, who have been protesting about their dire situation, have the
lowest incomes and saw them fall further from pounds 18,700 to pounds 12,200, a
drop of pounds 125 a week or 34.7 per cent.


LOAD-DATE: March 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           August 21, 2004, Saturday

New approach to accepted concerns

BYLINE: By Munir Majid

SECTION: Saturday forum; The big picture; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1364 words


AT the Umno general assembly next month, Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
will have the opportunity, in his maiden speech as the new leader of the
party, to underline the Malay agenda in a Malaysian and global context.

There have been a number of concerns expressed recently, especially in
the Malay Press, over the economic position and future of the race.

The main concern is best expressed by a leading economist, Professor
Datuk Dr Ismail Md Salleh, who highlights the income disparity between
rural and urban areas, and between the Malays and non-Malays.

While the New Economic Policy (NEP) had successfully reduced the rural-
urban disparity from a ratio of 1:2.14 in 1970 to 1:1.70 in 1990, it
started to widen again in 1997, came down in 1999, but widened further to
1:2.10 in 2002.

A similar trend is evident in racial income disparities, the Malay-
Chinese gulf, for instance, while reduced from 1:2.29 in 1970 to 1:1.74 in
1990, widened to 1:1.80 in 2002.

In terms of share ownership, the Malay or Bumiputera proportion had
increased from 2.9 per cent to 19.3 per cent from 1970 to 1990, but has
trended downwards to 18.7 per cent in 2002.

According to Dr Ismail, if this trend continued, in the next 10 years,
the Bumiputera share could come down to 13 or 14 per cent.

He concludes the Malays are at a crossroads, and something must be done
quickly to halt and reverse these trends which undermine the successes of
the NEP from 1970 to 1990.

Agriculture Attack

It should, first of all, be recognised that income levels have improved
all round. However, the distribution of income has resulted in the
disparities, with a bias of more rapid development in the urban as opposed
to the rural areas, where most of the Malays are still to be found.

The emphasis on industrial development and manufacturing, while giving
many largely low-level jobs to the Malays, has been at the relative
neglect of agriculture, a sector in which the Malays have traditionally
been engaged.

Somehow, the NEP objective of not having race identified with economic
function has resulted in agriculture being seen as the backward sector the
Malays should get out of, with not sufficient attention being given to
modernising and making it more productive, thereby increasing income
levels.

In the Abdullah administration, the old Ministry of Agriculture is now
the Ministry of Agriculture and Agro-based Industries, giving it the twist
to make agriculture modern, and the Prime Minister has been emphasising
agriculture as a new source of growth in the economy.

With concentration, the agricultural industry will develop and increase
Malay income levels. It is important that ownership and reward in the
sector remains in Malay hands and control.

The Budget for 2005, which will be unveiled on Sept 10, should contain
appropriate initiatives and policies to stimulate the agro-based
industries and give indicative targets and figures, to engender investment
interest and take the sector to a new height.

It is most heartening that it has been announced that Malay reserve land
could soon be leased for up to 60 years to non-Malays, which should push
the value of such land up, although it would be good if ownership is not
totally abandoned.

While this move, announced by Deputy Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib
Razak, will mostly have a positive effect in agriculture, it would also
bring capital and income benefits through commercial and residential
property development in such areas as Segambut, Gombak and Sungai Penchala
in Kuala Lumpur.

Malay Attitude

At the end of the day, whether one complains about widening disparities
or looks forward to new agro-based opportunities, it is the attitude with
which the Malays approach economic life that will determine their future.

A hope to only see unqualified and ceaseless golden opportunities and
positive discrimination is likely to be disappointed, as such continued
dependence will only harm the Malays in the long run. They would be
unwilling and unable to compete. They will continue to be left behind.

A desire only to gain economic rent or to reap quick benefit will also
continue to keep the Malays behind.

Royal Professor Ungku Aziz recently repeated his theory that the reason
for Malay backwardness is their diet, which does not stimulate enough both
body and mind, and consequential low educational attainment.

Such poor attainment does not arm the Malays to face the future in a
globalised world, which places so much demand and emphasis on human
capital.

Sometimes the Malays spend too much time gazing at their navel, in
involved and emotional discussion about settled or relatively minor
issues.

Just recently, there was big debate once again about the use of English
and the place of the national language, about whether those who rooted for
the national language were bigots, and whether those who argued for wider
use of English were not nationalistic enough.

Meanwhile the non-Malays have mastered BOTH the Malay language and
English, not to mention Mandarin and other dialects.

Sometimes the Malays are not even good enough in Malay! Let's become
sensible and get on with it. It is a settled thing that Malay is the
national language and that we must master the English language if we are
to get anywhere in the real world.

There is no point being armed with the Malay language, living in a cave,
and having an animated and angry argument over whether infotainmen is the
right Bahasa Malaysia word for RTM to use in its new jazzed up logo.

Purists will always fight against it, but if the wide public understand
such a term and begin to use it, there is no way the purists can win.
Language is a living thing. You cannot always determine its path of
development.

But I digress. The important thing is to have a reasonable worldly
attitude in all aspects of life, including in religion. The Malay
attitude, including to economic life, must change and be more robust.

United seems to have lost their winning ways
AFTER losing to Arsenal in the Charity Shield curtain-raiser, Manchester
United lost one nil to Chelsea in their first English Premier League (EPL)
match. Arsenal, on the other hand, romped home 4-1 against Everton at
Goodison Park.

Who do you think will be above whom at the end of the season on present
form? No free mobile phones for the winner!

While United were a trifle unlucky to lose at Chelsea, it does seem that
they have lost their winning ways.

There is no point having possession if you are not able to finish it off
with a goal. United, last Sunday, just did not have the finish.

With Nistelrooy and Saha out injured, the team just could not convert a
goal.

Ferguson, of course, had to send Forlan in as a substitute in the
forlorn hope that he would come good this time.

Of course he didn't yet again, although I daresay Ferguson will try and
hope again and again. United should just sell him to some other sucker
team. He really has been pathetic.

And United, I repeat, should be looking for a successor for Ferguson,
whose achievements are without equal at United or in modern British
football.

But enough is enough. The man is getting on and United is losing out as
he is at a loss as to what to do to keep United flying high.

When I said this to Sir Bobby Charlton during his KL visit last week, he
was visibly annoyed, but it is an opinion I hold as a United supporter
since 1958.

Sir Bobby felt that Ferguson is being unfairly criticised, considering
the outstanding achievements of the team under him. But that is precisely
the point.

If the team is now not achieving, should he not be criticised and plans
made to bring in somebody else?

For how long can Ferguson and United live on past glory, when pretenders
to the crown, are not just knocking on the door, but actually performing
and winning? The United brand equity is under threat.

And let it not be said, if United trounced Norwich in today's match,
that they have discovered their winning ways and their magic touch;
Norwich will probably be relegated in their first EPL season.


LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday
                             Print & First Editions

Farmers enjoy good times as profits peak Agriculture Production surges

BYLINE: Darren Gray

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 531 words


Australian farmers are riding a wave of profitability and soaring production
with the farm cash incomes of broad-acre Australian farms projected to rise to
$216,000 in 2016-17, the highest figure recorded in the past two decades.

The boom result, which is more than double the average for the 10 years to
2015-16 of $104,000, has been driven by record winter grain production, soaring
prices for beef cattle and very good prices for lamb, wool and sheep.

Farm cash incomes are projected to rise in all Australian states in 2016-17,
except for Tasmania.

Thanks to the surging revenues, farm profitability has also jumped in 2016-17.
Australian broad-acre farms are expected to record an average farm business
profit of $112,000 per farm this financial year, also the highest figure of the
past 20 years.

But the new report, Agricultural Commodities, March Quarter 2017, confirmed that
not all sectors enjoyed rising incomes in 2016-17. The report, by the Australian
Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics and Sciences, said that because of
lower milk prices and reduced milk production, the farm cash income for dairy
farms was estimated to decline 17 per cent nationally this financial year, to an
average of $105,000 per farm.

Key financial figures for Australian agriculture in 2016-17, which is going to
be a record-breaker on a range of fronts, were released in Canberra on Tuesday
at the Outlook 2017 conference in Canberra, hosted by ABARES.

In a statement released to coincide with the conference, acting Prime Minister
and federal Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce lauded the performance of
Australian agriculture and those who work in the sector.

"The gross value of agricultural production is forecast to hit a record $63.8
billion in 2016-17; real net farm cash income is estimated to have been $25.7
billion in 2015-16, well above the 20-year average to 2014-15 of $15.6 billion;
and broadacre farm cash incomes at the national level are estimated to be the
highest for 20 years, averaging $216,000 a farm," he said.

"And I know that with the right policy settings and programs in place, the
sector still has massive potential to grow and deliver even bigger results as an
economic powerhouse for our nation," he said.

Meanwhile, in his opening address to the ABARES conference, Mr Joyce said "smart
wealth is moving into the agricultural sector", and had recognised the healthy
returns available. And he urged Australian superannuation funds "to get more
with the program than buying a top-tier agricultural asset that's right in front
of their face".

Tom Jackson, senior economist at ABARES, said the record farm cash incomes for
Australian broadacre farms in 2016-17 eclipsed last financial year's record.

Asked to comment on what the healthy result for broadacre farms showed, he said:
"What it says is Australian agriculture is a strong and resilient sector, that
is made up of farms that are innovating, and investing and getting better at
what they do. The sector is strong, and this means when really good conditions
come along, it's able to take advantage of those good conditions."

'Smart wealth is moving into the agricultural sector.'Agriculture Minister
Barnaby Joyce

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Statement from Agriculture Secretary Vilsack on Farm Income
Forecasts for 2015 and 2016

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture has issued the following
news release:



 Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack issued the following statement today on the
Farm Income and Financial Forecasts for 2015 and 2016, released by USDA's
Economic Research Service.





 "Today's farm income forecast underscores the unique ability of American
farmers and ranchers to plan ahead and make sharp business decisions in a
challenging market, as net farm income for 2015 was revised up significantly to
$80.7 billion-an increase of 43 percent since the February forecast. Falling
production expenses, including the price of fuel and inputs, was the largest
contributor to this latest rally by farmers. Just last week, farm exports for
2016 were revised up to one of the highest levels on record, demonstrating that
U.S. farmers and ranchers continue to beat expectations. Overall, farm income
over the last five-year period reflects the highest average five-year period on
record. Although net farm income for 2016 is forecast to decline relative to
2015, the 2014 Farm Bill has provided for a comprehensive farm safety net that
will ensure financial stability for America's farming families. Farm Bill
program payments-including Agriculture Risk Coverage (ARC), Price Loss Coverage
(PLC), and the Margin Protection Program for Dairy (MPP)-are forecast to
increase nearly 25 percent to $13.5 billion in 2016. For producers challenged by
weather, disease and falling prices, we will continue to ensure the availability
of a strong safety net to keep them farming or ranching.



 "The estimates today also showed that debt to asset and debt to equity
ratios-two key indicators of the farm economy's health-continue to be near
all-time lows. In addition to strong balance sheets, median household income for
farming families remains near historic highs. In 2016, higher off-farm earnings
are expected to help stabilize losses due to low commodity prices.



 "The trend in strong household income reflects work of the Obama Administration
since 2009 to make significant and targeted investments across the United States
toward building a more robust system of production agriculture, expanding
foreign markets for U.S. farm goods, bolstering local and regional food systems
across the country, and creating a new bio-based economy in rural communities
that today supports more than 4 million American jobs. At the same time, rural
communities have been infused with billions of dollars to build schools,
hospitals, and public safety headquarters, and businesses of all sizes have
availed themselves of USDA's business loans and grants to spur growth that
complements the agricultural economy. Other key investments made by USDA since
2009 include new or improved high-speed internet service to 6 million Americans
in rural areas, along with investments in electricity, water and wastewater, and
clean power, that will continue to strengthen rural communities for generations
to come.



 "Outside the United States, demand for American-grown food and agricultural
products remains strong. Agricultural exports have surpassed $1 trillion since
2009, besting all previous records in terms of value and volume and acting as an
engine for America's farm economy. USDA will continue to ensure American farming
families have open markets and a level playing field by working to remove unfair
barriers to trade and negotiating trade agreements, such as the Trans Pacific
Partnership, that benefit all of agriculture."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            December 23, 2007 Sunday

China vows to facilitate stable development of agriculture

LENGTH: 400 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

["China Vows To Facilitate Stable Development of Agriculture, sustained Income
Growth for Farmers" - Xinhua headline]

Beijing, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) - China concluded the annual central rural work
conference on Sunday with a pledge to enhance rural infrastructure construction,
promote stable development of agriculture and facilitate a sustained income
growth for farmers next year.

The pledge should be carried out in 2008 and a certain period of time thereafter
in accordance with the requirement of realizing integration of urban and rural
economic and social development, according to the two-day meeting.

Efforts should be exerted to ensure supply of major agricultural products,
settle problems concerning people's livelihood in rural areas and push forward
the "new countryside" scheme, the meeting said.

The meeting required that a good job should be done in the following six
respects at present and a period of time hereafter.

Polices benefiting farmers should be improved and investment in agriculture and
rural areas should be increased substantially.

Basic supply of major agricultural products should be guaranteed, and farmers'
income should be increased.

Agricultural infrastructure construction should be secured and condition for
agricultural production should be improved at a quicker pace.

Technical progress should be made for agriculture and related talents should be
cultivated. Meanwhile, socialized services should be expanded in rural areas.

Social undertakings in rural areas should be revved up, while rural
infrastructure should be reinforced.

The basic rural operation system should be stabilized, and rural reforms should
be deepened.

China has since the 1980s held a central rural work conference every year to
assign work for agriculture and rural areas in the following year.

In a related development, Agriculture Minister Sun Zhengcai announced on
Saturday that China produced more than 500 billion kilograms of grain in 2007,
the fourth consecutive year of yield growth.

He added that farmers saw their annual per-capita net income increase by 7 per
cent to 4,000 yuan (540 US dollars), largely due to price rises for farm
produce, a larger number of rural migrant workers and more government subsidies
for agricultural production.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1120 gmt 23 Dec 07

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

Change mindset, PM tells villagers

BYLINE: Alang Bendahara

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 417 words


JASIN: RURAL folk have the potential to improve their livelihood by changing
their mindset on production methods of agriculture products.

Prime Minister Datuk Seri Najib Razak listed out three ways to help villagers
gain a higher income through better production of high-value agriculture
products.

"They first need to choose high-value agriculture products and utilise new
production technology instead of relying on existing technology.

"They also need to find good markets for these products, not selling them by the
roadside but in areas where buyers will pay a high price for it, such as in
Singapore and the Klang Valley, as well as in supermarkets or hypermarkets."

Najib gave an example of how he himself had asked the Agriculture and Agro-based
Industry Ministry to buy durians from villagers and export it to Singapore where
it could fetch higher prices instead of being sold locally.

"They also need to practise good agriculture methods (such as integrated farming
using methods such as Iris autopot system, Iris aquaponic system, or padi
plantation using sustainable rhizosphere improvement innovations)," said Najib
while officiating the Rimbunan Kaseh agriculture project in Serkam, Jasin, here.

The project is jointly organised by the Implementation Coordination Unit under
the Prime Minister's Department, Iris Corporation Bhd and the Malacca
government.

The RM27 million project is part of the National Key Results Area initiative to
raise the standard of living of the low-income group.

Ninety-seven participants, who were formerly "Asnaf" aid recipients from the
Malacca Islamic Religious Council (MAIM), now earn a RM1,500 monthly income from
their agriculture and aqua-culture harvest at Taman Rimbunan Kaseh, located on a
35-acre land owned by MAIM.

Before officiating the project, Najib performed Friday prayers at Masjid Selat
in Pulau Melaka.

Earlier, Malacca Chief Minister Datuk Seri Idris Haron in his speech said since
its inception, the project had produced rock melon, padi, catfish and jade perch
fish (Australian tilapia), that were sold locally and overseas.

He said the uniqueness of the integrated farming facility had also made it an
agro-tourism product which drew visitors to the state.

Rimbunan Kaseh participant Mohd Jeffry Husin, 36, said he earned more money and
benefits after joining the programme.

"I used to earn only RM1,200. Now I get RM1,500 monthly which is enough to
support my wife and son. I also get benefits such as Employees Provident Fund
and Socso."

( END )

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          PNG Post-Courier (Australia)

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

NARI celebrates 15th anniversary with agriculture show

BYLINE: HAIVETA KIVIA

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 460 words


THE National Agriculture Research Institute celebrated its 15 anniversary last
Friday with the hosting of the annual NARI- Innovative Agriculture Show.

And its Director General Dr Raghunath Ghodake said that agriculture must be the
centre of the development agenda in Papua New Guinea.

Dr Ghodake said in relation to global warming and climate change, which are now
affecting food and cash crops in the country and Asia - Pacific region, which
PNG is part of, research into innovative agriculture needs to be stepped up and
adequately financed.

He said NARI is now playing a significant research role in innovative
agriculture developments in our neighbouring countries such as Solomon Island
and Vanuatu. Dr Ghodake said agriculture can help manage law and order- bring
peace and harmony, take care of health, help educate our children and help and
maintain the sustainability of our environment. He added that the industry has
had the potential for food security for PNG, improved rural cash economy and
improved livelihoods of our rural population. This call was supported by the
Director General of the Office of Higher Education Professor David Kavanamur,
who will push from his office for the national Government to grant increased
scholarships, places and funding of agriculture and other related studies at
universities in PNG and overseas to improve and develop the status of the
industry in PNG.

This, Professor Kavanamur added, would pave the way for Papua New Guineans to
take up studies in the field and contribute to the development of the nation,
whose population of 87 per cent of the projected seven million is in the rural
areas and rely heavily on agriculture for its survival.

He added that currently professionals in agriculture from the PNG University of
Technology and University of Natural Resources and Environment is still way
below and he wants to double the number of agriculture graduates from 200 per
year to 400. He said the Government ought to recognise the fact that investing
more in agriculture means improving the disposable income level of both the
formally educated and the informally educated.

This, he added, would improve the financial capacity of an individual and in
turn improves the community he or she lives in.

He added that to achieve that the Government needs to put more money into
research in innovative agriculture to improve the way we farm and to maximise
and improve production to earn a good income.

He said the Government also needs to graduate more agriculture and associated
graduates to help the country improve village based agriculture economy.

All that, Professor Kavanamur and Dr Ghodake spoke about are enshrined in the
PNG Vision 20/50 and only the PNG Government and key agencies can make it a
reality.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PTC


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 3, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Farmers' Profits Rose in 1982

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section D; Page 6, Column 5; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 154 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb.2


Farmers' net income actually rose last year instead of declining as earlier
estimates had indicated, according to revised figures, but it may show little
change this year, the Agriculture Department said today.

However, a new prediction held some promise that improvements could occur as the
Government's new payment-in-kind or ''crop swap'' program takes hold and the
record grain surplus is reduced.

Under payment-in-kind, eligible farmers will get free surplus wheat, corn,
sorghum, cotton and rice for reducing 1983 plantings of those crops. With less
acreage to till and harvest, operating expenses should fall.

In its first long-range forecasts for 1983, the agency said that net farm income
could range between $17 billion and $21 billion before adjustments for changes
in inventories. Revised 1982 net income was $20.2 billion, instead of the
earlier estimate of $19 billion. The 1981 figure was $19.6 billion.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Daily Times (PK)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday

Govt developing linkages between farm, industry: Bosan

LENGTH: 500  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 28 -- Federal Minister for National Food Security and Research
(NFS&R) Sikandar Hayat Khan Bosan on Friday said concerted efforts were being
made to improve farm level practices and develop linkages of farmers with
markets and industry.

We are committed to increase existing productivity to ensure better returns to
farmers, he said at Pakistan Agriculture Conference and Exhibition 2015.

He said the agriculture sector has traditionally sustained a satisfactory growth
to ensure food security of country's growing population, however the major
challenges faced have been low returns to farmers for their commodities because
of higher costs of production.

So this calls for well-thought intervention to improve value addition to
agriculture products at farm levels and creation of industrial linkages, he
remarked.

He said government was focusing to develop mechanisms for minimising cost of
production to increase farmers' interest in agriculture and livestock. The
government would provide required infrastructure support to agro-processors with
the aim to enhance value addition and job opportunities for growing young
population, he said.

He highlighted the importance of developing new products and technologies to
promote agriculture sector.

He said as per government policies, rural youth would be supported in acquiring
the new skills for setting agro-based businesses for improving household
livelihood.

Under Prime Minister's Youth Loan Programme, areas like livestock, horticulture
and fisheries as well as non-farm sector would benefit and this would result in
overall economic betterment of rural masses and generate raw material for
growing food industries, he observed.

Chairman Pakistan Agriculture Research Council Dr Iftikhar Ahmad said investment
in agriculture sector would definitely reduce poverty from the country.

One dollar generated through agriculture income is more effective in eradication
of poverty than two to three dollars earned from other sectors, he said.

When rural income increases by 5 percent, the income in urban areas
automatically goes up by 8 percent percent. So there is need proper attention
should be given toward development of agriculture sector, particularly livestock
to rid country of menace of poverty.

Mission Director United States for International Development Pakistan Gregory
Gottlieb said his country was committed to work with Pakistan for promotion of
agriculture sector.

He said US has been looking for opportunities to help make Pakistan's future
bright.

Chief Organizer of conference Hassan Murtaza Khan took dignitaries on visit of
various stalls exhibiting agriculture products and machinery.

Farmers and organisations including National Agriculture Research Centre etc set
up stalls. The two-day event was organised by KMK Global Limited.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             March 3, 1998, Tuesday

Politics: Farm incomes plummet

SECTION: NEWS; Page 5

LENGTH: 137 words


FARM INCOMES have been slashed, according to the Government's own figures issued
last night, underlining the protests made in the countryside march on London,
writes Colin Brown.

Provisional figures show that dairy farmers' net incomes for 1997-98 are likely
to be about pounds 19,100 compared with pounds 30,300 for the previous year, a
fall of pounds 215 a week, or 36.9 per cent.

Ministry of Agriculture figures show that the biggest slump in net incomes was
suffered by cereal farmers, who saw their incomes drop from pounds 40,500 to
pounds 24,900, a fall of pounds 15,600 or 38.5 per cent.

Hill farmers, who have been protesting about their dire situation, have the
lowest incomes and saw them fall further from pounds 18,700 to pounds 12,200, a
drop of pounds 125 a week or 34.7 per cent.


LOAD-DATE: March 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 26, 2015 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

USDA working to increase low-income families' access to healthier foods

BYLINE: By Madeline R. Conway; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 493 words


Bent on making fresh fruits and vegetables available to more Americans, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture sent one of its top officials Thursday to the Clark
Park Farmers Market to tout its efforts at doing just that.

"We're trying to nudge low-income households to eat more nutritious foods," U.S.
Department of Agriculture Under Secretary Kevin Concannon said in an interview
before talking to the merchants and shoppers about ways to get more healthy
foods in their diets.

Americans on food stamps spent a record $18.8 million at farmers markets and
local farm stands last year, a roughly sixfold increase since 2008, according to
Concannon. Some of that increase was due to low-income families having more
access to fresh produce.

Looking around the farmers market at 43d Street and Baltimore Avenue, which has
only been around since 1999, the fruits of those efforts were on display.

While some shoppers handled and assessed the fruits and vegetables nestled among
the nutrition bars and other prepared foods for sale under two rows of tents,
others watched a food demonstration on kale.

"Chef Stephen" - Stephen Schaeffer of the Food Trust, a Philadelphia nonprofit
that focuses on nutrition education and access - prepared a kale salad as a
colleague engaged roughly a dozen onlookers with an animated conversation about
the importance of fiber. It lowers cholesterol, among other benefits.

The Food Trust puts on food demonstrations such as this every week.

"We want people to take advantage of the market," Schaeffer said.

Bringing fresh and healthy foods to low-income families - who often lack access
to expensive fruits and vegetables - is a challenge.

To that end, Concannon said Department of Agriculture officials have been
charged with increasing the number of farmers markets that take food stamps,
formally known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program and commonly
referred to as SNAP. They also need to encourage low-income families to purchase
fresh food at those markets.

Roughly 6,400 farmers markets nationwide now accept SNAP, compared to 753 in
2008, according to the Department of Agriculture.

In Pennsylvania, 181 markets participate in the program. SNAP redemptions in the
state totaled $414,624 in fiscal year 2014, up from $9,358 in 2008.

Concannon attributed the increase to several recent USDA efforts, such as
offering participating farmers markets wireless equipment to instantly process
SNAP benefits electronically.

The USDA has also tried to incentivize shoppers to go to farmers markets through
its Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive grants, awarded to organizations to
develop programs to encourage low-income families to buy healthy food.

A FINI grant funds Philadelphia's Philly Food Bucks program, for example, which
offers low-income shoppers a $2 coupon to buy fruits and vegetables when they
spend $5 in SNAP benefits at participating farmers markets.

mconway@philly.com

215-854-2819 @MadelineRConway


LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: YONG KIM / Staff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 28, 1987

Recovery as farm incomes rise 21 per cent

BYLINE: By ROSEMARY COLLINS, Agriculture Correspondent

LENGTH: 391 words


Farm incomes rose by 21 per cent last year to recover partially from the
disastrous 45 per cent fall recorded in 1985, according to the Government's
annual review of agriculture, published yesterday.

This is a measure of the average return to farmers for their labour, management
and capital investment, after payments for labour, interest, depreciation and
rent have been deducted.


It puts the estimated national farm income for 1986 at pounds 1,411 million,
although there were sharp variations between regions and farm types, with dairy
and cereal farms doing well and pig, poultry and hill livestock farms faring
particularly badly.

Hill farms in Scotland and Northern ireland are estimated to have produced what
the White Paper calls 'negative incomes' during 1986.

The overall improvement in farm incomes, however, would be greater if the
unusually high stocks of cereal crops currently stored on farms this winter were
not valued by Whitehall at cost price of around pounds 65 a tonne.

This is normal practice, but the stocks are being held by farmers to realise
higher prices that the prevailing intervention rate of above pounds 100 a tonne,
and valuing them at this level would add a further 7 or 8 per cent to the 21 per
cent calculation of increased farm income in 1986/7.

Agriculture's gross output rose by 1.5 per cent to pounds 12,198 million, and
gross inputs fell by 2 per cent because of falling prices for fuel and
fertiliser. The overall contribution of farming to the gross domestic product in
1986 was up 5 per cent. The farm labour force fell by another 2 per cent and
labour productivity is forecast to have risen by around 2 per cent, compared
with an average growth rate of 6 per cent in the 10 years to 1985.

Farmers' bank borrowings are expected to have averaged pounds 5,970 million last
year, when final figures are agreed, which is 7.5 per cent more than in 1985,
but the Ministry of Agriculture says that it believes the majority of farm
business remains sound.

There were 260,000 farms in the UK in 1986, 1 per cent fewer than in 1983, and
public expenditure on farm price support, under EEC rules, is forecast to be
pounds 1,296 million during the current farm year, compared with pounds 1,840
million during 1985-6.

Farm investment is at its lowest level for 30 years.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     Agweek

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

2017 farm profitability projections mixed

BYLINE: Jonathan Knutson, Agweek Magazine

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


Feb. 07--Depending on how you cut the numbers, the U.S. farm economy could get a
little weaker -- or a little stronger -- in 2017.

U.S. net farm income in 2017 is projected to fall 8.7 percent to $62.3 billion,
reaching its lowest level, adjusted for inflation, since 2002, the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service said Tuesday.

Jeffrey Hopkins, chief of the farm economy branch in the resource and rural
economy division of the Economic Research Service, presented the numbers online
to the news media.

But another measure -- net cash farm income -- projects an improvement in 2017,
rising 1.8 percent to $93.6 billion.

The difference reflects an additional $8.2 billion in projected 2017 sales of
crop inventories. Net cash farm income measures the sales as current-year
income, making 2017 look better financially; net farm income counts the value of
inventories as prior-year income, making 2016 look better.

Both measures have value, Hopkins said.

Some farm sectors will fare better than others in 2017, relative to the previous
year, the ERS predicted. Dairy and cotton, in particular, are expected to bring
in more income, while wheat and cattle/calves are expected to bring in less.

That, in turn, will affect projected farm profitability in different regions of
the country. The northeast United States, which includes a significant dairy
presence, and the southern U.S., where cotton is a major crop, both show
improvement. In contrast, the northern Great Plains, where wheat and cattle are
important, show a decline, according to the ERS projection.

The ERS's mission "is to anticipate trends and emerging issues in agriculture,
food, the environment, and rural America and to conduct high-quality, objective
economic research to inform and enhance public and private decision making."

As part of that mission, the ERS releases annual farm income statement and
balance sheet estimates and forecasts in February, August and November.

Among other 2017 projections discussed Hopkins.

Total production expenses are forecast to remain flat. Purchases for feed and
livestock/poultry will drop, while spending for fuel, labor and interest expense
will rise.

Direct government farm program payments will drop 4 percent.

Farm assets will drop 1.1 percent, with farm debt increasing by 5.2 percent.
That will weaken the debt-to-asset ratio, putting it above the 10-year average
but still below its historic average.

The median income of U.S. farm households will rise 3 percent, the result of
higher off-farm income that more than offsets a drop in on-farm income. Median
is the middle number of a sequence of numbers.

___ (c)2017 Agweek Magazine (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit Agweek Magazine (Grand
Forks, N.D.) at www.agweek.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170207-AW-2017-farm-profitability-projections-mixed-0207-20170207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AW


                             Copyright 2017 Agweek


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                January 23, 1999

CAP reform incomes worry

BYLINE: By Joe Watson

SECTION: Farming, Pg.19

LENGTH: 397 words


SCOTLAND'S farming and crofting leaders put their arguments on Common
Agricultural Policy reforms to Scottish Agriculture Minister Lord Sewel
yesterday.

The meeting in Edinburgh was the first in a series of meetings set up by
Scottish Secretary Donald Dewar to influence Government thinking in the CAP
talks, due to be held over the next two months in Brussels.

Attending the meeting yesterday were the Scottish Crofters' Union, the Scottish
Landowners' Federation and the Scottish NFU.

Union vice-president Peter Chapman said the key point was what will happen to
farm incomes in the reform deal.

It was vital any deal done in Brussels did not discriminate against Scottish
farmers. There also had to be full compensation for any changes agreed.

Jim Walker, the union's other vice-president, said there were concerns the CAP
commodity proposals could put Scottish agriculture at a further disadvantage.

Government continued to back industry opposition to plans to tax payments over
100,000ecus.

Compensation

But Mr Walker said: "We impressed on the meeting our fears about the imposition
of arbitrary local rules of cross compliance and labour usage.

"Farm trade could be distorted if cross compliance rules are different in each
member state. And the prospect of penalising those who use labour efficiently
goes directly against the main intention of the reforms to allow Europe to
compete in world markets."

The union's key aim is for full compensation for the price cuts and the same
rules across Europe.

Lord Sewel said the CAP negotiations were moving quickly, with the possibility
of outline agreements being reached within the next two months.

He added: "I was grateful for the industry's views before we move into the final
stages of the process.

"We looked at the commission's proposals for reform of the beef and dairy
sectors, and I asked the industry to tell me what they would realistically hope
to see emerge from the final package.

"One of the novel features of this round of CAP reform is that it is expected to
give member states much more discretion in the way in which some sectors are
supported.

"It is essential that we explore our options very carefully before reaching
conclusions on how we might use any flexibility we ultimately receive, and I
look forward to doing this in conjunction with the industry at subsequent
meetings. "

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 1999 Aberdeen Press and Journal


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Himalayan Times

                             March 22, 2011 Tuesday

Actual growth of economy dismal

BYLINE: HIMALAYAN NEWS SERVICE

LENGTH: 517  words


KATHMANDU: Economy is projected to grow by a dismal 3.47 per cent, lower than
government projections.

Poor performance of non-agriculture sector has pulled the economic growth below
four per cent against the government projection of 4.5 per cent and Three Year
Interim Plan's projection of 5.5 per cent, said the Central Statistics Bureau
(CBS), at the release of national accounts report here today.

The non-agriculture sector that witnessed a growth of 5.39 per cent in the last
fiscal year is expected to grow by only 3.09 per cent this fiscal year compared
to last fiscal year, dragging the overall gross domestic production (GDP) below
four per cent, said director of National Accounts Division of CBS Suman Raj
Aryal.

"Boosted by the good crops yield, the agriculture sector is however, projected
to grow by 4.11 per cent against last fiscal year's growth of 1.27 per cent."

Nepal's growth is the lowest among all South Asian countries, according to CBS.
Against Nepal's growth of 3.47 per cent, Bhutan has 12 per cent, Bangladesh has
six per cent, and India has nine per cent growth.

Electricity, gas and water, and wholesale and retail trade are projected to post
negative growth of 4.02 per cent and 0.23 per cent, respectively, whereas
community, social and personal services, education, public administration and
defence, real estate, renting and business activities, construction, and mining
and quarrying are expected to register lower growth compared to the last fiscal
year.

Similarly, agriculture and forestry, fishing, transport, storage and
communication, financial intermediation, health and social work sectors are the
sectors that are expected to record more growth compared to last fiscal year.

The policy dilemma due to political instability, regular power outage, slowdown
in construction and real estate sector due to regulatory barriers, and no new
investments dragged the overall economic performance resulting in the below four
per cent growth.

Meanwhile, the Bureau has also revised the growth rate of the fiscal year
2009-10 to 3.97 per cent from its earlier projection of 3.53 per cent. In the
last one decade, the country has witnessed a growth of a little over three per
cent on an average, except in the fiscal year 2007-08 when it registered 5.80
per cent growth.

Growth

Agriculture, Forestry and Fishing - 4.11 per cent

Non-agriculture - 3.09 per cent

Total GDP (at basic prices) - 3.47 per cent

Per capita GDP at $642

KATHMANDU: The report also projected that the country could register $642 per
capita GDP and $645 per capital gross national income (GNI). Per capita GDP -
that is income per person - is the numerical quotient of income divided by
population. In monetary terms, this is a measure of all sources of income in an
economic aggregate of a country but does not measure income distribution or
wealth, whereas per capita GNI is the dollar value of a country's final income
in a year - divided by its population - that reflects the average income of a
country's citizens. But the classification by income does not necessarily
reflect the development status of a country.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Himalayan Times, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 10, 2009 Saturday

Economist: Don't see global trade as ag fix: He says farmers should expect
crunch; agriculture secretary talks up biofuel

BYLINE: Amy Bickel, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Jan. 10--Expecting trade to deliver U.S. agriculture into the promised land is
probably asking too much, a University of Tennessee agriculture economist told
farmers Friday.

Daryll Ray, a University of Tennessee professor and director of the college's
Agricultural Policy Analysis Center, spoke to members of the Kansas Farmers
Union who met for their annual convention in Hutchinson, giving them a different
outlook than what some in the industry have toted, said Kansas Farmers Union
President Donn Teske.

Ray said that he didn't think global trade would be a continuous source of
economic prosperity for the Farm Belt anytime soon.

"We have to be prepared," Ray told the group of about 80 farmers. "We have an
economic crisis going on right now that is going to pale to the long-term prices
with excess capacity that I fear might be.

"I wouldn't say we'd have $4 or $5 corn here in the future," he said later. "I
would prepare for the opposite."

Ray, alongside Nebraska Farmers Union President John Hansen, spoke of
agriculture's current downward spiral, which came after a year of high commodity
prices and record net farm income.

Hansen also gave an outlook on the current farm bill and the funding of the
75-year-old program's commodity title.

Ray said more developing countries like Brazil and the Ukraine are expanding
their agriculture production. For years agriculture officials labeled China as a
potential market for U.S. agriculture exports, as that country's per capita
income increases and the demand for meat and grain products goes up as well.

China, however, has been a net exporter of grain since the 1996 farm bill, he
said.

They do import, he said, yet China exports more than they import.

"I argue that our days of excess capacity of agriculture are going to continue
in the future," Ray said. "That means we have to be careful how we prepare for
that. We used to think that all the acreage for agriculture production is in
use, and we know that is not true."

Domestically, however, Secretary of Agriculture Adrian Polansky painted a rosier
picture for the state's farm sector. A fledgling bioeconomy has helped blossom
rural Kansas.

"This is an opportunity I haven't seen in my lifetime," Polansky told the group,
noting that the state's growing ethanol industry already employs 600 people.

A case point, he said, is Russell, where one of the state's oldest ethanol
plants is located. That plant created 235 jobs across the industry.

"You're not going to build these plants in Newton, Chicago, Los Angeles,"
Polansky said. "You're going to build them in small communities in Kansas,
Nebraska and Iowa."

Yet amid the positive outlook, Polansky said the nation's economic crisis has
hit his department. When the Kansas Legislature convenes this month, there will
be a bill suggesting the state consolidate the ag department, the Kansas Animal
Health Department and the State Conservation Commission.

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090110-VZ-Economist-Don-t-see-global-trade-as-ag-fix-0110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 12, 2011 Tuesday

Government unclear on agriculture tax

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, April 12 -- Although there has been a lot of talk about tax on
agricultural income in recent weeks, there is a lack of clarity in the
government`s position on the issue and it appears that there are no concrete
plans for taxing the income of landlords and property owners for generating
additional revenue.

And government leaders and officials appear to be reluctant to come up with a
clear-cut decision or a plan of action.

Finance Minister Hafeez Shaikh recently made public his plan to tax the affluent
class, including owners of large land holding and expensive property. But he did
not elaborate the plan.

President Asif Ali Zardari and Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani have kept quiet
on the issue.

A meeting of the economic advisory council headed by economist Dr Hafeez Pasha
held on Thursday observed that there was massive evasion of tax in the
agriculture sector and advised provincial governments to send notices to the big
landlords asking them to file returns.

However, the meeting did not discuss the structural hindrances which cause a low
collection from the sector.

As a first step, the government will have to adopt a produce index unit (PIU)
for the assessment of tax on agriculture income in the provinces and improve
land revenue records, Vakil Ahmad Khan, a senior member of the Tax Reform
Coordination Group (RCG), says.

Talking to this reporter on Sunday, he said: "The government may not be able to
levy a central income tax on agriculture in the short term until these
structural problems are removed."

As a result of land reforms, the government has set 50-acre land holding as the
benchmark for income tax exemption.

This has provided room to landlords, especially in Punjab, to minimise their
land holdings to evade taxes by transferring ownership on paper to their
relatives and servants.

An official of the Federal Board of Revenue said that unless the government did
away with the benchmarking mechanism it would not be possible for the provinces
to raise sufficient revenue from big landlords.

At the moment, provinces are charging tax on the basis of the size of land
instead of its productivity and efficiency, which has yielded negligible revenue
in Sindh, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Balochistan as compared to Punjab over the past
more than 60 years.

RCG member Vakil Khan said: "In principle, the committee`s members are not
against the agricultural income tax, rather they believe that that it can be
adopted as a long-term remedy to raise the tax-to-GDP ratio."

He said the PIU value should also be updated. The productivity of land had
increased manifold in some areas and declined substantially in others. The PIU
method for the assessment of income tax was proposed in the 1970s, he added.

It is believed that the tax exemption on agriculture has created a temptation
for people to show a part of their income from other sources as agricultural
income to evade income tax.

The government of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto had imposed a tax on agricultural income
through an ordinance in 1977, but before the law could be enforced Gen Ziaul Haq
promulgated martial law and suspended the tax. The matter was then left to the
provinces, yielding negligible revenue Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved
